
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.  These facts few psychologists will dispute, and their admitted truth must establish for all time the genuineness and dignity of the weirdly horrible tale as a literary form.  Against it are discharged all the shafts of a materialistic sophistication which clings to frequently felt emotions and external events, and of a naïvely insipid idealism which deprecates the æsthetic motive and calls for a didactic literature to "uplift "the reader toward a suitable degree of smirking optimism.  But in spite of all this opposition the weird tale has survived, developed, and attained remarkable heights of perfection; founded as it is on a profound and elementary principle whose appeal, if not always universal, must necessarily be poignant and permanent to minds of the requisite sensitiveness.

The appeal of the spectrally macabre is generally narrow because it demands from the reader a certain degree of imagination and a capacity for detachment from everyday life.  Relatively few are free enough from the spell of the daily routine to respond to tappings from outside, and tales of ordinary feelings and events, or of common sentimental distortions of such feelings and events, will always take first place in the taste of the majority; rightly, perhaps, since of course these ordinary matters make up the greater part of human experience.  But the sensitive are always with us, and sometimes a curious streak of fancy invades an obscure corner of the very hardest head; so that no amount of rationalisation, reform, or Freudian analysis can quite annul the thrill of the chimney-corner whisper or the lonely wood.  There is here involved a psychological pattern or tradition as real and as deeply grounded in mental experience as any other pattern or tradition of mankind; coeval with the religious feeling and closely related to many aspects of it, and too much a part of our innermost biological heritage to lose keen potency over a very important, though not numerically great, minority of our species.

Man's first instincts and emotions formed his response to the environment in which he found himself.  Definite feelings based on pleasure and pain grew up around the phenomena whose causes and effects he understood, whilst around those which he did not understand--and the universe teemed with them in the early days--were naturally woven such personifications, marvelous interpretations, and sensations of awe and fear as would be hit upon by a race having few and simple ideas and limited experience.  The unknown, being likewise the unpredictable, became for our primitive forefathers a terrible and omnipotent source of boons and calamities visited upon mankind for cryptic and wholly extra-terrestrial reasons, and thus clearly belonging to spheres of existence whereof we know nothing and wherein we have no part.  The phenomenon of dreaming likewise helped to build up the notion of an unreal or spiritual world; and in general, all the conditions of savage dawn--life so strongly conduced toward a feeling of the supernatural, that we need not wonder at the thoroughness with which man's very hereditary essence has become saturated with religion and superstition.  That saturation must, as a matter of plain scientific fact, be regarded as virtually permanent so far as the subconscious mind and inner instincts are concerned; for though the area of the unknown has been steadily contracting for thousands of years, an infinite reservoir of mystery still engulfs most of the outer cosmos, whilst a vast residuum of powerful inherited associations clings round all the objects and processes that were once mysterious; however well they may now be explained.  And more than this, there is an actual physiological fixation of the old instincts in our nervous tissue, which would make them obscurely operative even were the conscious mind to be purged of all sources of wonder.

Because we remember pain and the menace of death more vividly than pleasure, and because our feelings toward the beneficent aspects of the unknown have from the first been captured and formalised by conventional religious rituals, it has fallen to the lot of the darker and more maleficent side of cosmic mystery to figure chiefly in our popular supernatural folklore.  This tendency, too, is naturally enhanced by the fact that uncertainty and danger are always closely allied; thus making any kind of an unknown world a world of peril and evil possibilities.  When to this sense of fear and evil the inevitable fascination of wonder and curiosity is superadded, there is born a composite body of keen emotion and imaginative provocation whose vitality must of necessity endure as long as the human race itself.  Children will always be afraid of the dark, and men with minds sensitive to hereditary impulse will always tremble at the thought of the hidden and fathomless worlds of strange life which may pulsate in the gulfs beyond the stars, or press hideously upon our own globe in unholy dimensions which only the dead and the moonstruck can glimpse.

With this foundation, no one need wonder at the existence of a literature of cosmic fear.  It has always existed, and always will exist; and no better evidence of its tenacious vigour can be cited than the impulse which now and then drives writers of totally opposite leanings to try their hands at it in isolated tales, as if to discharge from their minds certain phantasmal shapes which would otherwise haunt them.  Thus Dickens wrote several eerie narratives; Browning, the hideous poem Childe Roland; Henry James, The Turn of the Screw; Dr.  Holmes, the subtle novel Elsie Venner; F.  Marion Crawford, The Upper Berth and a number of other examples; Mrs.  Charlotte Perkins Gilman, social worker, The Yellow Wall Paper; whilst the humorist, W.  W.  Jacobs, produced that able melodramatic bit called The Monkey's Paw.

This type of fear-literature must not be confounded with a type externally similar but psychologically widely different; the literature of mere physical fear and the mundanely gruesome.  Such writing, to be sure, has its place, as has the conventional or even whimsical or humorous ghost story where formalism or the author's knowing wink removes the true sense of the morbidly unnatural; but these things are not the literature of cosmic fear in its purest sense.  The true weird tale has something more than secret murder, bloody bones, or a sheeted form clanking chains according to rule.  A certain atmosphere of breathless and unexplainable dread of outer, unknown forces must be present; and there must be a hint, expressed with a seriousness and portentousness becoming its subject, of that most terrible conception of the human brain--a malign and particular suspension or defeat of those fixed laws of Nature which are our only safeguard against the assaults of chaos and the dæmons of unplumbed space.

Naturally we cannot expect all weird tales to conform absolutely to any theoretical model.  Creative minds are uneven, and the best of fabrics have their dull spots.  Moreover, much of the choicest weird work is unconscious; appearing in memorable fragments scattered through material whose massed effect may be of a very different cast.  Atmosphere is the all-important thing, for the final criterion of authenticity is not the dovetailing of a plot but the creation of a given sensation.  We may say, as a general thing, that a weird story whose intent is to teach or produce a social effect, or one in which the horrors are finally explained away by natural means, is not a genuine tale of cosmic fear; but it remains a fact that such narratives often possess, in isolated sections, atmospheric touches which fulfill every condition of true supernatural horror-literature.  Therefore we must judge a weird tale not by the author's intent, or by the mere mechanics of the plot; but by the emotional level which it attains at its least mundane point.  If the proper sensations are excited, such a "high spot" must be admitted on its own merits as weird literature, no matter how prosaically it is later dragged down.  The one test of the really weird is simply this--whether of not there be excited in the reader a profound sense of dread, and of contact with unknown spheres and powers; a subtle attitude of awed listening, as if for the beating of black wings or the scratching of outside shapes and entities on the known universe's utmost rim.  And of course, the more completely and unifiedly a story conveys this atmosphere the better it is as a work of art in the given medium.

II.  The Dawn Of The Horror Tale

As may naturally be expected of a form so closely connected with primal emotion, the horror-tale is as old as human thought and speech themselves.

Cosmic terror appears as an ingredient of the earliest folklore of all races, and is crystallised in the most archaic ballads, chronicles, and sacred writings.  It was, indeed, a prominent feature of the elaborate ceremonial magic, with its rituals for the evocation of dæmons and spectres, which flourished from prehistoric times, and which reached its highest development in Egypt and the Semitic nations.  Fragments like the Book of Enoch and the Claviculae of Solomon well illustrate the power of the weird over the ancient Eastern mind, and upon such things were based enduring systems and traditions whose echoes extend obscurely even to the present time.  Touches of this transcendental fear are seen in classic literature, and there is evidence of its still greater emphasis in a ballad literature which paralleled the classic stream but vanished for lack of a written medium.  The Middle Ages, steeped in fanciful darkness, gave it an enormous impulse toward expression; and East and West alike were busy preserving and amplifying the dark heritage, both of random folklore and of academically formulated magic and cabalism, which had descended to them.  Witch, werewolf, vampire, and ghoul brooded ominously on the lips of bard and grandam, and needed but little encouragement to take the final step across the boundary that divides the chanted tale or song from the formal literary composition.  In the Orient, the weird tale tended to assume a gorgeous colouring and sprightliness which almost transmuted it into sheer phantasy.  In the West, where the mystical Teuton had come down from his black boreal forests and the Celt remembered strange sacrifices in Druidic groves, it assumed a terrible intensity and convincing seriousness of atmosphere which doubled the force of its half-told, half-hinted horrors.

Much of the power of Western horror-lore was undoubtedly due to the hidden but often suspected presence of a hideous cult of nocturnal worshippers whose strange customs--descended from pre-Aryan and pre-agricultural times when a squat race of Mongoloids roved over Europe with their flocks and herds--were rooted in the most revolting fertility-rites of immemorial antiquity.  Ibis secret religion, stealthily handed down amongst peasants for thousands of years despite the outward reign of the Druidic, Graeco-Roman, and Christian faiths in the regions involved, was marked by wild " Witches' Sabbaths" in lonely woods and atop distant hills on Walpurgis-Night and Hallowe ' en, the traditional breeding-seasons of the goats and sheep and cattle; and became the source of vast riches of sorcery-legend, besides provoking extensive witchcraft--prosecutions of which the Salem affair forms the chief American example.  Akin to it in essence, and perhaps connected with it in fact, was the frightful secret system of inverted theology or Satan-worship which produced such horrors as the famous "Black Mass "; whilst operating toward the same end we may note the activities of those whose aims were somewhat more scientific or philosophical--the astrologers, cabalists, and alchemists of the Albertus Magnus or Ramond Lully type, with whom such rude ages invariably abound.  The prevalence and depth of the mediæval horror-spirit in Europe, intensified by the dark despair which waves of pestilence brought, may be fairly gauged by the grotesque carvings slyly introduced into much of the finest later Gothic ecclesiastical work of the time; the dæmoniac gargoyles of Notre Dame and Mont St.  Michel being among the most famous specimens.  And throughout the period, it must be remembered, there existed amongst educated and uneducated alike a most unquestioning faith in every form of the supernatural; from the gentlest doctrines of Christianity to the most monstrous morbidities of witchcraft and black magic.  It was from no empty background that the Renaissance magicians and alchemists--Nostradamus, Trithemius, Dr.  John Dee, Robert Fludd, and the like--were born.

In this fertile soil were nourished types and characters of sombre myth and legend which persist in weird literature to this day, more or less disguised or altered by modern technique.  Many of them were taken from the earliest oral sources, and form part of mankind's permanent heritage.  The shade which appears and demands the burial of its bones, the dæmon lover who comes to bear away his still living bride, the death-fiend or psychopomp riding the night-wind, the man-wolf, the sealed chamber, the deathless sorcerer--all these may be found in that curious body of mediæval lore which the late Mr.  Baring-Gould so effectively assembled in book form.  Wherever the mystic Northern blood was strongest, the atmosphere of the popular tales became most intense; for in the Latin races there is a touch of basic rationality which denies to even their strangest superstitions many of the overtones of glamour so characteristic of our own forest-born and ice-fostered whisperings.

Just as all fiction first found extensive embodiment in poetry, so is it in poetry that we first encounter the permanent entry of the weird into standard literature.  Most of the ancient instances, curiously enough, are in prose; as the werewolf incident in Petronius, the gruesome passages in Apuleius, the brief but celebrated letter of Pliny the Younger to Sura, and the odd compilation On Wonderful Events by the Emperor Hadrian's Greek freedman, Phlegon.  It is in Phlegon that we first find that hideous tale of the corpse-bride, Philinnion and Machates, later related by Proclus and in modem times forming the inspiration of Goethe's Bride of Corinth and Washington Irving's German Student.  But by the time the old Northern myths take literary form, and in that later time when the weird appears as a steady element in the literature of the day, we find it mostly in metrical dress; as indeed we find the greater part of the strictly imaginative writing of the Middle Ages and Renaissance.  The Scandinavian Eddas and Sagas thunder with cosmic horror, and shake with the stark fear of Ymir and his shapeless spawn; whilst our own Anglo-Saxon Beowulf and the later Continental Nibelung tales are full of eldritch weirdness.  Dante is a pioneer in the classic capture of macabre atmosphere, and in Spenser's stately stanzas will be seen more than a few touches of fantastic terror in landscape, incident, and character.  Prose literature gives us Malory's Morte d ' Arthur, in which are presented many ghastly situations taken from early ballad sources--the theft of the sword and silk from the corpse in Chapel Perilous by Sir Galahad--whilst other and cruder specimens were doubtless set forth in the cheap and sensational "chapbooks "vulgarly hawked about and devoured by the ignorant.  In Elizabethan drama, with its Dr.  Faustus, the witches in Macbeth, the ghost in Hamlet, and the horrible gruesomeness of Webster we may easily discern the strong hold of the dæmoniac on the public mind; a hold intensified by the very real fear of living witchcraft, whose terrors, wildest at first on the Continent, begin to echo loudly in English ears as the witch-hunting crusades of James the First gain headway.  To the lurking mystical prose of the ages is added a long line of treatises on witchcraft and dæmonology which aid in exciting the imagination of the reading world.

Through the seventeenth and into the eighteenth century we behold a growing mass of fugitive legendry and balladry of darksome cast; still, however, held down beneath the surface of polite and accepted literature.  Chapbooks of horror and weirdness multiplied, and we glimpse the eager interest of the people through fragments like Defoe's Apparition of Mrs.  Veal, a homely tale of a dead woman's spectral visit to a distant friend, written to advertise covertly a badly selling theological disquisition on death.  The upper orders of society were now losing faith in the supernatural, and indulging in a period of classic rationalism.  Then, beginning with the translations of Eastern tales in Queen Anne's reign and taking definite form toward the middle of the century, comes the revival of romantic feeling--the era of new joy in nature, and in the radiance of past times, strange scenes, bold deeds, and incredible marvels.  We feel it first in the poets, whose utterances take on new qualities of wonder, strangeness, and shuddering.  And finally, after the timid appearance of a few weird scenes in the novels of the day--such as Smollett's Adventures of Ferdinand, Count Fathom--the release instinct precipitates itself in the birth of a new school of writing; the "Gothic "school of horrible and fantastic prose fiction, long and short, whose literary posterity is destined to become so numerous, and in many cases so resplendent in artistic merit.  It is, when one reflects upon it, genuinely remarkable that weird narration as a fixed and academically recognized literary form should have been so late of final birth.  The impulse and atmosphere are as old as man, but the typical weird tale of standard literature is a child of the eighteenth century.

III.  The Early Gothic Novel

The shadow-haunted landscapes of Ossian, the chaotic visions of William Blake, the grotesque witch dances in Burns's Tam O ' Shanter, the sinister dæmonism of Coleridge's Christobel and Ancient Mariner, the ghostly charm of James Hogg's Kilmeny, and the more restrained approaches to cosmic horror in Lamia and many of Keats's other poems, are typical British illustrations of the advent of the weird to formal literature.  Our Teutonic cousins of the Continent were equally receptive to the rising flood, and Burger's Wild Huntsman and the even more famous dæmon-bridegroom ballad of Lenore--both imitated in English by Scott, whose respect for the supernatural was always great--are only a taste of the eerie wealth which German song had commenced to provide.  Thomas Moore adapted from such sources the legend of the ghoulish statue-bride (later used by Prosper Merimée in The Venus of Ille, and traceable back to great antiquity) which echoes so shiveringly in his ballad of The Ring; whilst Goethe's deathless masterpiece Faust, crossing from mere balladry into the classic, cosmic tragedy of the ages, may be held as the ultimate height to which this German poetic impulse arose.

But it remained for a very sprightly and worldly Englishman--none other than Horace Walpole himself--to give the growing impulse definite shape and become the actual founder of the literary horror-story as a permanent form.  Fond of mediæval romance and mystery as a dilettante's diversion, and with a quaintly imitated Gothic castle as his abode at Strawberry Hill, Walpole in 1764 published The Castle of Otranto; a tale of the supernatural which, though thoroughly unconvincing and mediocre in itself, was destined to exert an almost unparalleled influence on the literature of the weird.  First venturing it only as a "translation "by one "William Marshal, Gent." from the Italian of a mythical "Onuphrio Muralto," the author later acknowledged his connection with the book and took pleasure in its wide and instantaneous popularity--a popularity which extended to many editions, early dramatization, and wholesale imitation both in England and in Germany.

The story--tedious, artificial, and melodramatic--is further impaired by a brisk and prosaic style whose urbane sprightliness nowhere permits the creation of a truly weird atmosphere.  It tells of Manfred, an unscrupulous and usurping prince determined to found a line, who after the mysterious sudden death of his only son Conrad on the latter's bridal morn, attempts to put away his wife Hippolita and wed the lady destined for the unfortunate youth--the lad, by the way, having been crushed by the preternatural fall of a gigantic helmet in the castle courtyard.  Isabella, the widowed bride, flees from his design; and encounters in subterranean crypts beneath the castle a noble young preserver, Theodore, who seems to be a peasant yet strangely resembles the old lord Alfonso who ruled the domain before Manfred's time.  Shortly thereafter supernatural phenomena assail the castle in diverse ways; fragments of gigantic armour being discovered here and there, a portrait walking out of its frame, a thunderclap destroying the edifice, and a colossal armoured spectre of Alfonso rising out of the rains to ascend through parting clouds to the bosom of St.  Nicholas.  Theodore, having wooed Manfred's daughter Matilda and lost her through death--for she is slain by her father by mistake--is discovered to be the son of Alfonso and rightful heir to the estate.  He concludes the tale by wedding Isabella and preparing to live happily ever after, whilst Manfred--whose usurpation was the cause of his son's supernatural death and his own supernatural harassings--retires to a monastery for penitence; his saddened wife seeking asylum in a neighbouring convent.

Such is the tale; flat, stilted, and altogther devoid of the true cosmic horror which makes weird literature.  Yet such was the thirst of the age for those touches of strangeness and spectral antiquity which it reflects, that it was seriously received by the soundest readers and raised in spite of its intrinsic ineptness to a pedestal of lofty importance in literary history.  What it did above all else was to create a novel type of scene, puppet-characters, and incidents; which, handled to better advantage by writers more naturally adapted to weird creation, stimulated the growth of an imitative Gothic school which in turn inspired the real weavers of cosmic terror--the line of actual artists beginning with Poe.  This novel dramatic paraphernalia consisted first of all of the Gothic castle, with its awesome antiquity, vast distances and ramblings, deserted or ruined wings, damp corridors, unwholesome hidden catacombs, and galaxy of ghosts and appalling legends, as a nucleus of suspense and dæmoniac fright.  In addition, it included the tyrannical and malevolent nobleman as villain; the saintly, long-persecuted, and generally insipid heroine who undergoes the major terrors and serves as a point of view and focus for the reader's sympathies; the valorous and immaculate hero, always of high birth but often in humble disguise; the convention of high-sounding foreign names, mostly Italian, for the characters; and the infinite array of stage properties which includes strange lights, damp trap-doors, extinguished lamps, mouldy hidden manuscripts, creaking hinges, shaking arras, and the like.  All this paraphernalia reappears with amusing sameness, yet sometimes with tremendous effect, throughout the history of the Gothic novel; and is by no means extinct even today, though subtler technique now forces it to assume a less naive and obvious form.  An harmonious milieu for a new school had been found, and the writing world was not slow to grasp the opportunity.

German romance at once responded to the Walpole influence, and soon became a byword for the weird and ghastly.  In England one of the first imitators was the celebrated Mrs.  Barbauld, then Miss Aikin, who in 1773 published an unfinished fragment called Sir Bertrand, in which the strings of genuine terror were truly touched with no clumsy hand.  A nobleman on a dark and lonely moor, attracted by a tolling bell and distant light, enters a strange and ancient turreted castle whose doors open and close and whose bluish will-o '- the-wisps lead up mysterious staircases toward dead hands and animated black statues.  A coffin with a dead lady, whom Sir Bertrand kisses, is finally reached; and upon the kiss the scene dissolves to give place to a splendid apartment where the lady, restored to life, holds a banquet in honor of her rescuer.  Walpole admired this tale, though he accorded less respect to an even more prominent offspring of his Otranto--The Old English Baron, by Clara Reeve, published in 1777.  Truly enough, this tale lacks the real vibration to the note of outer darkness and mystery which distinguishes Mrs.  Barbauld's fragment; and though less crude than Walpole's novel, and more artistically economical of horror in its possession of only one spectral figure, it is nevertheless too definitely insipid for greatness.  Here again we have the virtuous heir to the castle disguised as a peasant and restored to his heritage through the ghost of his father; and here again we have a case of wide popularity leading to many editions, dramatization, and ultimate translation into French.  Miss Reeve wrote another weird novel, unfortunately unpublished and lost.

The Gothic novel was now settled as a literary form, and instances multiply bewilderingly as the eighteenth century draws toward its close.  The Recess, written in 1785 by Mrs.  Sophia Lee, has the historic element, revolving round the twin daughters of Mary, Queen of Scots; and though devoid of the supernatural, employs the Walpole scenery and mechanism with great dexterity.  Five years later, and all existing lamps are paled by the rising of a fresh luminary order--Mrs.  Ann Radcliffe (1764-1823), whose famous novels made terror and suspense a fashion, and who set new and higher standards in the domain of macabre and fear-inspiring atmosphere despite a provoking custom of destroying her own phantoms at the last through labored mechanical explanations.  To the familiar Gothic trappings of her predecessors Mrs.  Radcliffe added a genuine sense of the unearthly in scene and incident which closely approached genius; every touch of setting and action contributing artistically to the impression of illimitable frightfulness which she wished to convey.  A few sinister details like a track of blood on castle stairs, a groan from a distant vault, or a weird song in a nocturnal forest can with her conjure up the most powerful images of imminent horror; surpassing by far the extravagant and toilsome elaborations of others.  Nor are these images in themselves any the less potent because they are explained away before the end of the novel.  Mrs.  Radcliffe's visual imagination was very strong, and appears as much in her delightful landscape touches--always in broad, glamorously pictorial outline, and never in close detail--as in her weird phantasies.  Her prime weaknesses, aside from the habit of prosaic disillusionment, are a tendency toward erroneous geography and history and a fatal predilection for bestrewing her novels with insipid little poems, attributed to one or another of the characters.

Mrs.  Radcliffe wrote six novels; The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne (1789), A Sicilian Romance (1790), The Romance of the Forest (1792), The Mysteries of Udolpho (1794), The Italian (1797), and Gaston de Blondeville, composed in 1802 but first published posthumously in 1826.  Of these Udolpho is by far the most famous, and may be taken as a type of the early Gothic tale at its best.  It is the chronicle of Emily, a young Frenchwoman transplanted to an ancient and portentous castle in the Apennines through the death of her parents and the marriage of her aunt to the lord of the castle--the scheming nobleman, Montoni.  Mysterious sounds, opened doors, frightful legends, and a nameless horror in a niche behind a black veil all operate in quick succession to unnerve the heroine and her faithful attendant, Annette; but finally, after the death of her aunt, she escapes with the aid of a fellow-prisoner whom she has discovered.  On the way home she stops at a chateau filled with fresh horrors--the abandoned wing where the departed chatelaine dwelt, and the bed of death with the black pall--but is finally restored to security and happiness with her lover Valancourt, after the clearing-up of a secret which seemed for a time to involve her birth in mystery.  Clearly, this is only familiar material re-worked; but it is so well re-worked that Udolpho will always be a classic.  Mrs.  Radcliffe's characters are puppets, but they are less markedly so than those of her forerunners.  And in atmospheric creation she stands preëminent among those of her time.

Of Mrs.  Radcliffe's countless imitators, the American novelist Charles Brockden Brown stands the closest in spirit and method.  Like her, he injured his creations by natural explanations; but also like her, he had in uncanny atmospheric power which gives his horrors a frightful vitality as long as they remain unexplained.  He differed from her in contemptuously discarding the external Gothic paraphernalia and properties and choosing modern American scenes for his Mysteries; but this repudiation did not extend to the Gothic spirit and type of incident.  Brown's novels involve some memorably frightful scenes, and excel even Mrs.  Radcliffe's in describing the operations of the perturbed mind.  Edgar Hunily starts with a sleep-walker digging a grave, but is later impaired by touches of Godwinian didacticism.  Ormond involves a member of a sinister secret brotherhood.  That and Arthur Mervyn both describe the plague of yellow fever, which the author had witnessed in Philadelphia and New York.  But Brown's most famous book is Wieland; or, the Transformation (1798), in which a Pennsylvania German, engulfed by a wave of religious fanaticism, hears "voices "and slays his wife and children as a sacrifice.  His sister Clara, who tells the story, narrowly escapes.  The scene, laid at the woodland estate of Mittingen on the Schuylkill's remote reaches, is drawn with extreme vividness; and the terrors of Clara, beset by spectral tones, gathering fears, and the sound of strange footsteps in the lonely house, are all shaped with truly artistic force.  In the end a lame ventriloquial explanation is offered, but the atmosphere is genuine while it lasts.  Carwin, the malign ventriloquist, is a typical villain of the Manfred or Montoni type.

IV.  The Apex Of Gothic Romance

Horror in literature attains a new malignity in the work of Matthew Gregory Lewis (1773-1818), whose novel The Monk (1796) achieved marvelous popularity and earned him the nickname "Monk "Lewis.  This young author, educated in Germany and saturated with a body of wild Teuton lore unknown to Mrs.  Radcliffe, turned to terror in forms more violent than his gentle predecessor had ever dared to think of; and produced as a result a masterpiece of active nightmare whose general Gothic cast is spiced with added stores of ghoulishness.  The story is one of a Spanish monk, Ambrosio, who from a state of over-proud virtue is tempted to the very nadir of evil by a fiend in the guise of the maiden Matilda; and who is finally, when awaiting death at the Inquisition's hands, induced to purchase escape at the price of his soul from the Devil, because he deems both body and soul already lost.  Forthwith the mocking Fiend snatches him to a lonely place, tells him he has sold his soul in vain since both pardon and a chance for salvation were approaching at the moment of his hideous bargain, and completes the sardonic betrayal by rebuking him for his unnatural crimes, and casting his body down a precipice whilst his soul is borne off for ever to perdition.  The novel contains some appalling descriptions such as the incantation in the vaults beneath the convent cemetery, the burning of the convent, and the final end of the wretched abbot.  In the sub-plot where the Marquis de las Cisternas meets the spectre of his erring ancestress, The Bleeding Nun, there are many enormously potent strokes; notably the visit of the animated corpse to the Marquis's bedside, and the cabalistic ritual whereby the Wandering Jew helps him to fathom and banish his dead tormentor.  Nevertheless The Monk drags sadly when read as a whole.  It is too long and too diffuse, and much of its potency is marred by flippancy and by an awkwardly excessive reaction against those canons of decorum which Lewis at first despised as prudish.  One great thing may be said of the author; that he never ruined his ghostly visions with a natural explanation.  He succeeded in breaking up the Radcliffian tradition and expanding the field of the Gothic novel.  Lewis wrote much more than The Monk.  His drama, The Castle Spectre, was produced in 1798, and he later found time to pen other fictions in ballad form--Tales of Terror (1799), The Tales of Wonder (1801), and a succession of translations from the German.  Gothic romances, both English and German, now appeared in multitudinous and mediocre profusion.  Most of them were merely ridiculous in the light of mature taste, and Miss Austen's famous satire Northanger Abbey was by no means an unmerited rebuke to a school which had sunk far toward absurdity.  This particular school was petering out, but before its final subordination there arose its last and greatest figure in the person of Charles Robert Maturin (1782-1824), an obscure and eccentric Irish clergyman.  Out of an ample body of miscellaneous writing which includes one confused Radcliffian imitation called The Fatal Revenge; or, the Family of Montorio (1807), Maturin at length envolved the vivid horror-masterpiece of Melmoth, the Wanderer (1820), in which the Gothic tale climbed to altitudes of sheer spiritual fright which it had never known before.

Melmoth is the tale of an Irish Gentleman who, in the seventeenth century, obtained a preternaturally extended life from the Devil at the price of his soul.  If he can persuade another to take the bargain off his hands, and assume his existing state, he can be saved; but this he can never manage to effect, no matter how assiduously he haunts those whom despair has made reckless and frantic.  The framework of the story is very clumsy; involving tedious length, digressive episodes, narratives within narratives, and labored dovetailing and coincidence; but at various points in the endless rambling there is felt a pulse of power undiscoverable in any previous work of this kind--a kinship to the essential truth of human nature, an understanding of the profoundest sources of actual cosmic fear, and a white heat of sympathetic passion on the writer's part which makes the book a true document of æsthetic self-expression rather than a mere clever compound of artifice.  No unbiased reader can doubt that with Melmoth an enormous stride in the evolution of the horror-tale is represented.  Fear is taken out of the realm of the conventional and exalted into a hideous cloud over mankind's very destiny.  Maturin's shudders, the work of one capable of shuddering himself, are of the sort that convince.  Mrs.  Radcliffe and Lewis are fair game for the parodist, but it would be difficult to find a false note in the feverishly intensified action and high atmospheric tension of the Irishman whose less sophisticated emotions and strain of Celtic mysticism gave him the finest possible natural equipment for his task.  Without a doubt Maturin is a man of authentic genius, and he was so recognized by Balzac, who grouped Melmoth with Molière ' s Don Juan, Gothe's Faust, and Byron's Manfred as the supreme allegorical figures of modern European literature, and wrote a whimsical piece called Melmoth Reconciled, in which the Wanderer succeeds in passing his infernal bargain on to a Parisian bank defaulter, who in turn hands it along a chain of victims until a reveling gambler dies with it in his possession, and by his damnation ends the curse.  Scott, Rossetti, Thackeray and Baudelaire are the other titans who gave Maturin their unqualified admiration, and there is much significance in the fact that Oscar Wilde, after his disgrace and exile, chose for his last days in Paris the assumed name of "Sebastian Melmoth."

Melmoth contains scenes which even now have not lost their power to evoke dread.  It begins with a deathbed--an old miser is dying of sheer fright because of something he has seen, coupled with a manuscript he has read and a family portrait which hangs in an obscure closet of his centuried home in County Wicklow.  He sends to Trinity College, Dublin, for his nephew John; and the latter upon arriving notes many uncanny things.  The eyes of the portrait in the closet glow horribly, and twice a figure strangely resembling the portrait appears momentarily at the door.  Dread hangs over that house of the Melmoths, one of whose ancestors, "J.  Melmoth, 1646," the portrait represents.  The dying miser declares that this man--at a date slightly before 1800--is alive.  Finally the miser dies, and the nephew is told in the will to destroy both the portrait and a manuscript to be found in a certain drawer.  Reading the manuscript, which was written late in the seventeenth century by an Englishman named Stanton, young John learns of a terrible incident in Spain in 1677, when the writer met a horrible fellow-countryman and was told of how he had stared to death a priest who tried to denounce him as one filled with fearsome evil.  Later, after meeting the man again in London, Stanton is cast into a madhouse and visited by the stranger, whose approach is heralded by spectral music and whose eyes have a more than mortal glare.  Melmoth the Wanderer--for such is the malign visitor--offers the captive freedom if he will take over his bargain with the Devil; but like all others whom Melmoth has approached, Stanton is proof against temptation.  Melmoth's description of the horrors of a life in a madhouse, used to tempt Stanton, is one of the most potent passages of the book.  Stanton is at length liberated, and spends the rest of his life tracking down Melmoth, whose family and ancestral abode he discovers.  With the family he leaves the manuscript, which by young John's time is badly ruinous and fragmentary.  John destroys both portrait and manuscript, but in sleep is visited by his horrible ancestor, who leaves a black and blue mark on his wrist.

Young John soon afterward receives as a visitor a shipwrecked Spaniard, Alonzo de Moncada, who has escaped from compulsory monasticism and from the perils of the Inquisition.  He has suffered horribly--and the descriptions of his experiences under torment and in the vaults through which he once essays escape are classic--but had the strength to resist Melmoth the Wanderer when approached at his darkest hour in prison.  At the house of a Jew who sheltered him after his escape he discovers a wealth of manuscript relating other exploits of Melmoth, including his wooing of an Indian island maiden, Immalee, who later comes into her birthright in Spain and is known as Donna Isidora; and of his horrible marriage to her by the corpse of a dead anchorite at midnight in the ruined chapel of a shunned and abhorred monastery.  Moncada's narrative to young John takes up the bulk of Maturin's four-volume book; this disproportion being considered one of the chief technical faults of the composition.

At last the colloquies of John and Moncada are interrupted by the entrance of Melmoth the Wanderer himself, his piercing eyes now fading, and decrepitude swiftly overtaking him.  The term of his bargain has approached its end, and he has come home after a century and a half to meet his fate.  Warning all others from the room, no matter what sounds they may hear in the night, he awaits the end alone.  Young John and Moncada hear frightful ululations, but do not intrude till silence comes toward morning.  They then find the room empty.  Clayey footprints lead out a rear door to a cliff overlooking the sea, and near the edge of the precipice is a track indicating the forcible dragging of some heavy body.  The Wanderer's scarf is found on a crag some distance below the brink, but nothing further is ever seen or heard of him.

Such is the story, and none can fail to notice the difference between this modulated, suggestive, and artistically moulded horror and--to use the words of Professor George Saintsbury--[[the artful but rather jejune rationalism of Mrs.  Radcliffe, and the too often puerile extravagance, the bad taste, and the sometimes slipshod style of Lewis." Maturin's style in itself deserves particular praise, for its forcible directness and vitality lift it altogether above the pompous artificialities of which his predecessors are guilty.  Professor Edith Birkhead, in her history of the Gothic novel, justly observes that "with all his faults Maturin was the greatest as well as the last of the Goths." Melmoth was widely read and eventually dramatized, but its late date in the evolution of the Gothic tale deprived it of the tumultuous popularity of Udolpho and The Monk.

V.  The Aftermath Of Gothic Fiction

Meanwhile other hands had not been idle, so that above the dreary plethora of trash like Marquis von Grosse's Horrid Mysteries (1796), Mrs.  Roche's Children of the Abbey (1798), Mrs.  Dacre's Zofloya; or, the Moor (1806), and the poet Shelley's schoolboy effusions Zastro (1810) and St.  Irvine (1811) (both imitations of Zofloya) there arose many memorable weird works both in English and German.  Classic in merit, and markedly different from its fellows because of its foundation in the Oriental tale rather than the Walpolesque Gothic novel, is the celebrated History of the Caliph Vathek by the wealthy dilettante William Beckford, first written in the French language but published in an English translation before the appearance of the original.  Eastern tales, introduced to European literature early in the eighteenth century through Galland's French translation of the inexhaustibly opulent Arabian Nights, had become a reigning fashion; being used both for allegory and for amusement.  The sly humour which only the Eastern mind knows how to mix with weirdness had captivated a sophisticated generation, till Bagdad and Damascus names became as freely strewn through popular literature as dashing Italian and Spanish ones were soon to be.  Beckford, well read in Eastern romance, caught the atmosphere with unusual receptivity; and in his fantastic volume reflected very potently the haughty luxury, sly disillusion, bland cruelty, urbane treachery, and shadowy spectral horror of the Saracen spirit.  His seasoning of the ridiculous seldom mars the force of his sinister theme, and the tale marches onward with a phantasmagoric pomp in which the laughter is that of skeletons feasting under arabesque domes.  Vathek is a tale of the grandson of the Caliph Haroun, who, tormented by that ambition for super-terrestrial power, pleasure and learning which animates the average Gothic villain or Byronic hero (essentially cognate types), is lured by an evil genius to seek the subterranean throne of the mighty and fabulous pre-Adamite sultans in the fiery halls of Eblis, the Mahometan Devil.  The descriptions of Vathek's palaces and diversions, of his scheming soweress-mother Carathis and her witch-tower with the fifty one-eyed negresses, of his pilgrimage to the haunted ruins of Istakhar (Persepolis) and of the impish bride Nouronihar whom he treacherously acquired on the way, of Istakhar's primordial towers and terraces in the burning moonlight of the waste, and of the terrible Cyclopean halls of Eblis, where, lured by glittering promises, each victim is compelled to wander in anguish for ever, his right hand upon his blazingly ignited and eternally burning heart, are triumphs of weird colouring which raise the book to a permaneat place in English letters.  No less notable are the three Episodes of Vathek, intended for insertion in the tale as narratives of Vathek's fellow-victims in Eblis' infernal halls, which remained unpublished throughout the author's lifetime and were discovered as recently as 1909 by the scholar Lewis Melville whilst collecting material for his Life and Letters of William Beckford.  Beckford, however, lacks the essential mysticism which marks the acutest form of the weird; so that his tales have a certain knowing Latin hardness and clearness preclusive of sheer panic fright.

But Beckford remained alone in his devotion to the Orient.  Other writers, closer to the Gothic tradition and to European life in general, were content to follow more faithfully in the lead of Walpole.  Among the countless producers of terror-literature in these times may be mentioned the Utopian economic theorist William Godwin, who followed his famous but non-supernatural Caleb Williams (1794) with the intendedly weird St.  Leon (1799), in which the theme of the elixir of life, as developed by the imaginary secret order of "Rosicrucians,[[is handled with ingeniousness if not with atmospheric convincingness.  This element of Rosicrucianism, fostesed by a wave of popular magical interest exemplified in the vogue of the charlatan Cagliostro and the publication of Francis Barrett's The Magus (1801), a curious and compendious treatise on occult principles and ceremonies, of which a reprint was made as lately as 1896, figures in Bulwer-Lytton and in many late Gothic novels, especially that remote and enfeebled posterity which straggled far down into the nineteenth century and was represented by George W.  M.  Reynold's Faust and the Demon and Wagner the Wehr-Wolf.  Caleb Williams, though non-supernatural, has many authentic touches of terror.  It is the tale of a servant persecuted by a master whom he has found guilty of murder, and displays an invention and skill which have kept it alive in a fashion to this day.  It was dramatized as The Iron Chest, and in that form was almost equally celebrated.  Godwin, however, was too much the conscious teacher and prosaic man of thought to create a genuine weird masterpiece.

His daughter, the wife of Shelley, was much more successful; and her inimitable Frankenstein; or, the Modern Prometheus (1817) is one of the horror-classics of all time.  Composed in competition with her husband, Lord Byron, and Dr.  John William Polidori in an effort to prove supremacy in horror-making, Mrs.  Shelley's Frankenstein was the only one of the rival narratives to be brought to an elaborate completion; and criticism has failed to prove that the best parts are due to Shelley rather than to her.  The novel, somewhat tinged but scarcely marred by moral didacticism, tells of the artificial human being moulded from charnel fragments by Victor Frankenstein, a young Swiss medical student.  Created by its designer "in the mad pride of intellectuality," the monster possesses full intelligence but owns a hideously loathsome form.  It is rejected by mankind, becomes embittered, and at length begins the successive murder of all whom Frankenstein loves best, friends and family.  It demands that Frankenstein create a wife for it; and when the student finally refuses in horror lest the world be populated with such monsters, it departs with a hideous threat "to be with him on his wedding night." Upon that night the bride is strangled, and from that time on Frankenstein hunts down the monster, even into the wastes of the Arctic.  In the end, whilst seeking shelter on the ship of the man who tells the story, Frankenstein himself is killed by the shocking object of his search and creation of his presumptuous pride.  Some of the scenes in Frankenstein are unforgettable, as when the newly animated monster enters its creator's room, parts the curtains of his bed, and gazes at him in the yellow moonlight with watery eyes--[[if eyes they may be called." Mrs.  Shelley wrote other novels, including the fairly notable Last Man; but never duplicated the success of her first effort.  It has the true touch of cosmic fear, no matter how much the movement may lag in places.  Dr.  Polidori developed his competing idea as a long short story, The Vampyre; in which we behold a suave villain of the true Gothic or Byronic type, and encounter some excellent passages of stark fright, including a terrible nocturnal experience in a shunned Grecian wood.

In this same period Sir Walter Scott frequently concerned himself with the weird, weaving it into many of his novels and poems, and sometimes producing such independent bits of narration as The Tapestried Chamber or Wandering Willie's Tale in Redgauntlet, in the latter of which the force of the spectral and the diabolic is enhanced by a grotesque homeliness of speech and atmosphere.  In 1830 Scott published his Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft, which still forms one of our best compendia of European witch-lore.  Washington Irving is another famous figure not unconnected with the weird; for though most of his ghosts are too whimsical and humorous to form genuinely spectral literature, a distinct inclination in this direction is to be noted in many of his productions.  The German Student in Tales of a Traveler (1824) is a slyly concise and effective presentation of the old legend of the dead bride, whilst woven into the cosmic tissue of The Money Diggers in the same volume is more than one hint of piratical apparitions in the realms which Captain Kidd once roamed.  Thomas Moore also joined the ranks of the macabre artists in the poem Alciphron, which he later elaborated into the prose novel of The Epicurean (1827).  Though merely relating the adventures of a young Athenian duped by the artifice of cunning Egyptian priests, Moore manages to infuse much genuine horror into his account of subterranean frights and wonders beneath the primordial temples of Memphis.  De Quincey more than once revels in grotesque and arabesque terrors, though with a desultoriness and learned pomp which deny him the rank of specialist.

This era likewise saw the rise of William Harrison Ainsworth, whose romantic novels teem with the eerie and the gruesome.  Capt.  Marryat, besides writing such short tales as The Werewolf, made a memorable contribution in The Phantom Ship (1839), founded on the legend of the Flying Dutchman, whose spectral and accursed vessel sails for ever near the Cape of Good Hope.  Dickens now rises with occasional weird bits like The Signalman, a tale of ghastly warning conforming to a very common pattern and touched with a verisimilitude which allied it as much with the coming psychological school as with the dying Gothic school.  At this time a wave of interest in spiritualistic charlatanry, mediumism, Hindoo theosophy, and such matters, much like that of the present day, was flourishing; so that the number of weird tales with a "Psychic "or pseudo-scientific basis became very considerable.  For a number of these the prolific and popular Edward Bulwer-Lytton was responsible; and despite the large doses of turgid rhetoric and empty romanticism in his products, his success in the weaving of a certain kind of bizarre charm cannot be denied.

The House and the Brain, which hints of Rosicrucianism and at a malign and deathless figure perhaps suggested by Louis XV's mysterious courtier St.  Germain, yet survives as one of the best short haunted-house tales ever written.  The novel Zanoni (1842) contains similar elements more elaborately handled, and introduces a vast unknown sphere of being pressing on our own world and guarded by a horrible "Dweller of the Threshold" who haunts those who try to enter and fail.  Here we have a benign brotherhood kept alive from age to age till finally reduced to a single member, and as a hero an ancient Chaldaean sorcerer surviving in the pristine bloom of youth to perish on the guillotine of the French Revolution.  Though full of the conventional spirit of romance, marred by a ponderous network of symbolic and didactic meanings, and left unconvincing through lack of perfect atmospheric realization of the situations hinging on the spectral world, Zanoni is really an excellent performance as a romantic novel; and can be read with genuine interest by the not too sophisticated reader.  It is amusing to note that in describing an attempted initiation into the ancient brotherhood the author cannot escape using the stock Gothic castle of Walpolian lineage.

In A Strange Story (1862) Bulwer-Lytton shows a marked improvement in the creation of weird images and moods.  The novel, despite enormous length, a highly artificial plot bolstered up by opportune coincidences, and an atmosphere of homiletic pseudo-science designed to please the matter-of-fact and purposeful Victorian reader, is exceedingly effective as a narrative; evoking instantaneous and unflagging interest, and furnishing many potent--if somewhat melodramatic--tableaux and climaxes.  Again we have the mysterious user of life's elixir in the person of the soulless magician Margrave, whose dark exploits stand out with dramatic vividness against the modern background of a quiet English town and of the Australian bush; and again we have shadowy intimations of a vast spectral world of the unknown in the very air about us--this time handled with much greater power and vitality than in Zanoni.  One of the two great incantation passages, where the hero is driven by a luminous evil spirit to rise at night in his sleep, take a strange Egyptian wand, and evoke nameless presences in the haunted and mausoleum-facing pavilion of a famous Renaissance alchemist, truly stands among the major terror scenes of literature.  Just enough is suggested, and just little enough is told.  Unknown words are twice dictated to the sleep-walker, and as he repeats them the ground trembles, and all the dogs of the countryside begin to bay at half-seen amorphous shadows that stalk athwart the moonlight.  When a third set of unknown words is prompted, the sleep-walker ' s spirit suddenly rebels at uttering them, as if the soul could recognize ultimate abysmal horrors concealed from the mind; and at last an apparition of an absent sweetheart and good angel breaks the malign spell.  This fragment well illustrates how far Lord Lytton was capable of progressing beyond his usual pomp and stock romance toward that crystalline essence of artistic fear which belongs to the domain of poetry.  In describing certain details of incantations, Lytton was greatly indebted to his amusingly serious occult studies, in the course of which he came in touch with that odd French scholar and cabalist Alphonse Louis Constant (" Eliphas Levy "), who claimed to possess the secrets of ancient magic, and to have evoked the spectre of the old Grecian wizard Apollonius of Tyana, who lived in Nero's times.

The romantic, semi-Gothic, quasi-moral tradition here represented was carried far down the nineteenth century by such authors as Joseph Sheridan LeFanu, Wilkie Collins, the late Sir H.  Rider Haggard (whose She is really remarkably good), Sir A.  Conan Doyle, H.  G.  Wells, and Robert Louis Stevenson--the latter of whom, despite an atrocious tendency toward jaunty mannerisms, created permanent classics in Markheim, The Body Snatcher, and Dr.  Jekyll and Mr.  Hyde.  Indeed, we may say that this school still survives; for to it clearly belong such of our contemporary horror-tales as specialise in events rather than atmospheric details, address the intellect rather than a malign tensity or psychological verisimilitude, and take a definite stand in sympathy with mankind and its welfare.  It has its undeniable strength, and because of its "human element" commands a wider audience than does the sheer artistic nightmare.  If not quite so potent as the latter, it is because a diluted product can never achieve the intensity of a concentrated essence.

Quite alone both as a novel and as a piece of terror-literature stands the famous Wuthering Heights (1847) by Emily Brontë, with its mad vistas of bleak, windswept Yorkshire moors and the violent, distorted lives they foster.  Though primarily a tale of life, and of human passions in agony and conflict, its epically cosmic setting affords room for horror of the most spiritual sort.  Heathcliff, the modified Byronic villain-hero, is a strange dark waif found in the streets as a small child and speaking only a strange gibberish till adopted by the family he ultimately ruins.  That he is in truth a diabolic spirit rather than a human being is more than once suggested, and the unreal is further approached in the experience of the visitor who encounters a plaintive child-ghost at a bough-brushed upper window.  Between Heathcliff and Catherine Earnshaw is a tie deeper and more terrible than human love.  After her death he twice disturbs her grave, and is haunted by an impalpable presence which can be nothing less than her spirit.  The spirit enters his life more and more, and at last he becomes confident of some imminent mystical reunion.  He says he feels a strange change approaching, and ceases to take nourishment.  At night he either walks abroad or opens the casement by his bed.  When he dies the casement is still swinging open to the pouring rain, and a queer smile pervades the stiffened face.  They bury him in a grave beside the mound he has haunted for eighteen years, and small shepherd boys say that he yet walks with his Catherine in the churchyard and on the moor when it rains.  Their faces, too, are sometimes seen on rainy nights behind that upper casement at Wuthering Heights.  Miss Brontë ' s eerie terror is no mere Gothic echoe, but a tense expression of man's shuddering reaction to the unknown.  In this respect, Wuthering Heights becomes the symbol of a literary transition, and marks the growth of a new and sounder school.

VI.  Spectral Literature On The Continent

On the continent literary horror fared well.  The celebrated short tales and novels of Ernst Theodor Wihelm Hoffmann (1776-1822) are a by-word for mellowness of background and maturity of form, though they incline to levity and extravagance, and lack the exalted moments of stark, breathless terror which a less sophisticated writer might have achieved.  Generally they convey the grotesque rather than the terrible.  Most artistic of all the continental weird tales is the German classic Undine (1814), by Friedrich Heinrich Karl, Baron de la Motte Fouqu.  In this story of a water-spirit who married a mortal and gained a human soul there is a delicate fineness of craftsmanship which makes it notable in any department of literature, and an easy naturalness which places it close to the genuine folk-myth.  It is, in fact, derived from a tale told by the Renaissance physician and alchemist Paracelsus in his Treatise on Elemental Sprites.

Undine, daughter of a powerful water-prince, was exchanged by her father as a small child for a fisherman's daughter, in order that she might acquire a soul by wedding a human being.  Meeting the noble youth Huldbrand at the cottage of her fosterfather by the sea at the edge of a haunted wood, she soon marries him, and accompanies him to his ancestral castle of Ringstetten.  Huldbrand, however, eventually wearies of his wife's supernatural affiliations, and especially of the appearances of her uncle, the malicious woodland waterfall-spirit Kuhleborn; a weariness increased by his growing affection for Bertalda, who turns out to be the fisherman's child for whom Undine was changed.  At length, on a voyage down the Danube, he is provoked by some innocent act of his devoted wife to utter the angry words which consign her back to her supernatural element; from which she can, by the laws of her species, return only once--to kill him, whether she will or no, if ever he prove unfaithful to her memory.  Later, when Huldbrand is about to be married to Bertalda, Undine returns for her sad duty, and bears his life away in tears.  When he is buried among his fathers in the village churchyard a veiled, snow-white female figure appears among the mourners, but after the prayer is seen no more.  In her place is seen a little silver spring, which murmurs its way almost completely around the new grave, and empties into a neighboring lake.  The villagers show it to this day, and say that Undine and her Huldbrand are thus united in death.  Many passages and atmospheric touches in this tale reveal Fouqué as an accomplished artist in the field of the macabre; especially the descriptions of the haunted wood with its gigantic snow-white man and various unnamed terrors, which occur early in the narrative.

Not so well known as Undine, but remarkable for its convincing realism and freedom from Gothic stock devices, is the Amber Witch of Wilhelm Meinhold, another product of the German fantastic genius of the earlier nineteenth century.  This tale, which is laid in the time of the Thirty Years' War, purports to be a clergyman's manuscript found in an old church at Coserow, and centres round the writer's daughter, Maria Schweidler, who is wrongly accused of witchcraft.  She has found a deposit of amber which she keeps secret for various reasons, and the unexplained wealth obtained from this lends colour to the accusation; an accusation instigated by the malice of the wolf-hunting nobleman Wittich Appelmann, who has vainly pursued her with ignoble designs.  The deeds of a real witch, who afterward comes to a horrible supernatural end in prison, are glibly imputed to the hapless Maria; and after a typical witchcraft trial with forced confessions under torture she is about to be burned at the stake when saved just in time by her lover, a noble youth from a neighboring district.  Meinhold's great strength is in his air of casual and realistic verisimilitude, which intensifies our suspense and sense of the unseen by half persuading us that the menacing events must somehow be either the truth or very dose to the truth.  Indeed, so thorough is this realism that a popular magazine once published the main points of The Amber Witch as an actual occurrence of the seventeenth century!

In the present generation German horror-fiction is most notably represented by Hanns Heinz Ewers, who brings to bear on his dark conceptions an effective knowledge of modern psychology.  Novels like The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Alrune, and short stories like The Spider, contain distinctive qualities which raise them to a classic level.

But France as well as Germany has been active in the realm of weirdness.  Victor Hugo, in such tales as Hans of Iceland, and Balzac, in The Wild Ass's Skin, Seraphita, and Louis Lambert, both employ supernaturalism to a greater or less extent; though generally only as a means to some more human end, and without the sincere and dæmonic intensity which characterizes the born artist in shadows.  It is in Theophile Gautier that we first seem to find an authentic French sense of the unreal world, and here there appears a spectral mystery which, though not continuously used, is recognizable at once as something alike genuine and profound.  Short tales like Avatar, The Foot of the Mummy, and Clarimonde display glimpses of forbidden vistas that allure, tantalize, and sometime horrify; whilst the Egyptian visions evoked in One of Cleopatra's Nights are of the keenest and most expressive potency.  Gautier captured the inmost soul of æon-weighted Egypt, with its cryptic life and Cyclopean architecture, and uttered once and for all the eternal horror of its nether world of catacombs, where to the end of time millions of stiff, spiced corpses will stare up in the blackness with glassy eyes, awaiting some awesome and unrelatable summons.  Gustave Flaubert ably continued the tradition of Gautier in orgies of poetic phantasy like The Temptation of St.  Anthony, and but for a strong realistic bias might have been an arch-weaver of tapestried terrors.  Later on we see the stream divide, producing strange poets and fantaisistes of the symbolic and decadent schools whose dark interests really centre more in abnormalities of human thought and instinct than in the actual supernatural, and subtle story-tellers whose thrills are quite directly derived from the night-black wells of cosmic unreality.  Of the former class of "artists in sin" the illustrious poet Baudelaire, influenced vastly by Poe, is the supreme type; whilst the psychological novelist Joris-Karl Huysmans, a true child of the eighteen-nineties, is at once the summation and finale.  The latter and purely narrative class is continued by Prosper Merimée, whose Venus of Ille presents in terse and convincing prose the same ancient statue-bride theme which Thomas Moore cast in ballad form in The Ring.

The horror-tales of the powerful and cynical Guy de Maupassant, written as his final madness gradually overtook him, present individualities of their own; being rather the morbid outpourings of a realistic mind in a pathological state than the healthy imaginative products of a vision naturally disposed toward phantasy and sensitive to the normal illusions of the unseen.  Nevertheless they are of the keenest interest and poignancy; suggesting with marvelous force the imminence of nameless terrors, and the relentless dogging of an ill-starred individual by hideous and menacing representatives of the outer blackness.  Of these stories The Horla is generally regarded as the masterpiece.  Relating the advent to France of an invisible being who lives on water and milk, sways the minds of others, and seems to be the vanguard of a horde of extra-terrestrial organisms arrived on earth to subjugate and overwhelm mankind, this tense narrative is perhaps without a peer in its particular department; notwithstanding its indebtedness to a tale by the American Fitz-James O'Brien for details in describing the actual presence of the unseen monster.  Other potently dark creations of de Maupassant are Who Knows?, The Spectre, He, The Diary of a Madman, The White Wolf, On the River, and the grisly verses entitled Horror.

The collaborators Erckmann-Chatrian enriched French literature with many spectral fancies like The Man-Wolf, in which a transmitted curse works toward its end in a traditional Gothic-castle setting.  Their power of creating a shuddering midnight atmosphere was tremendous despite a tendency toward natural explanations and scientific wonders; and few short tales contain greater horror than The Invisible Eye, where a malignant old hag weaves nocturnal hypnotic spells which induce the successive occupants of a certain inn chamber to hang themselves on a cross-beam.  The Owl's Ear and The Waters of Death are full of engulfing darkness and mystery, the latter embodying the familiar over-grown-spider theme so frequently employed by weird fictionists.  Villiers de l'Isle Adam likewise followed the macabre school; his Torture by Hope, the tale of a stake-condemned prisoner permitted to escape in order to feel the pangs of recapture, being held by some to constitute the most harrowing short story in literature.  This type, however, is less a part of the weird tradition than a class peculiar to itself--the so-called conte cruel, in which the wrenching of the emotions is accomplished through dramatic tantalizations, frustrations, and gruesome physical horrors.  Almost wholly devoted to this form is the living writer Maurice Level, whose very brief episodes have lent themselves so readily to theatrical adaptation in the "thrillers "of the Grand Guignol.  As a matter of fact, the French genius is more naturally suited to this dark realism than to the suggestion of the unseen; since the latter process requires, for its best and most sympathetic development on a large scale, the inherent mysticism of the Northern mind.

A very flourishing, though till recently quite hidden, branch of weird literature is that of the Jews, kept alive and nourished in obscurity by the sombre heritage of early Eastern magic, apocalyptic literature, and cabbalism.  The Semitic mind, like the Celtic and Teutonic, seems to possess marked mystical inclinations; and the wealth of underground horror-lore surviving in ghettoes and synagogues must be much more considerable than is generally imagined.  Cabbalism itself, so prominent during the Middle Ages, is a system of philosophy explaining the universe as emanations of the Deity, and involving the existence of strange spiritual realms and beings apart from the visible world of which dark glimpses may be obtained through certain secret incantations.  Its ritual is bound up with mystical interpretations of the Old Testament, and attributes an esoteric significance to each letter of the Hebrew alphabet--a circumstance which has imparted to Hebrew letters a sort of spectral glamour and potency in the popular literature of magic.  Jewish folklore has preserved much of the terror and mystery of the past, and when more thoroughly studied is likely to exert considerable influence on weird fiction.  The best examples of its literary use so far are the German novel The Golem, by Gustave Meyrink, and the drama The Dyhbuk, by the Jewish writer using the pseudonym "Ansky.[[The former, with its haunting shadowy suggestions of marvels and horrors just beyond reach, is laid in Prague, and describes with singular mastery that city's ancient ghetto with its spectral, peaked gables.  The name is derived from a fabulous artificial giant supposed to be made and animated by mediæval rabbis according to a certain cryptic formula.  The Dyhbuk, translated and produced in America in 1925, and more recently produced as an opera, describes with singular power the possession of a living body by the evil soul of a dead man.  Both golems and dyhbuks are fixed types, and serve as frequent ingredients of later Jewish tradition.

VII.  Edgar Allan Poe

In the eighteen-thirties occurred a literary dawn directly affecting not only the history of the weird tale, but that of short fiction as a whole; and indirectly moulding the trends and fortunes of a great European æsthetic school.  It is our good fortune as Americans to be able to claim that dawn as our own, for it came in the person of our most illustrious and unfortunate fellow-countryman Edgar Allan Poe.  Poe's fame has been subject to curious undulations, and it is now a fashion amongst the "advanced intelligentsia" to minimize his importance both as an artist and as an influence; but it would be hard for any mature and reflective critic to deny the tremendous value of his work and the persuasive potency of his mind as an opener of artistic vistas.  True, his type of outlook may have been anticipated; but it was he who first realized its possibilities and gave it supreme form and systematic expression.  True also, that subsequent writers may have produced greater single tales than his; but again we must comprehend that it was only he who taught them by example and precept the art which they, having the way cleared for them and given an explicit guide, were perhaps able to carry to greater lengths.  Whatever his limitations, Poe did that which no one else ever did or could have done; and to him we owe the modern horror-story in its final and perfected state.

Before Poe the bulk of weird writers had worked largely in the dark; without an understanding of the psychological basis of the horror appeal, and hampered by more or less of conformity to certain empty literary conventions such as the happy ending, virtue rewarded, and in general a hollow moral didacticism, acceptance of popular standards and values, and striving of the author to obtrude his own emotions into the story and take sides with the partisans of the majority's artificial ideas.  Poe, on the other hand, perceived the essential impersonality of the real artist; and knew that the function of creative fiction is merely to express and interpret events and sensations as they are, regardless of how they tend or what they prove--good or evil, attractive or repulsive, stimulating or depressing, with the author always acting as a vivid and detached chronicler rather than as a teacher, sympathizer, or vendor of opinion.  He saw clearly that all phases of life and thought are equally eligible as a subject matter for the artist, and being inclined by temperament to strangeness and gloom, decided to be the interpreter of those powerful feelings and frequent happenings which attend pain rather than pleasure, decay rather than growth, terror rather than tranquility, and which are fundamentally either adverse or indifferent to the tastes and traditional outward sentiments of mankind, and to the health, sanity, and normal expansive welfare of the species.

Poe's spectres thus acquired a convincing malignity possessed by none of their predecessors, and established a new standard of realism in the annals of literary horror.  The impersonal and artistic intent, moreover, was aided by a scientific attitude not often found before; whereby Poe studied the human mind rather than the usages of Gothic fiction, and worked with an analytical knowledge of terror's true sources which doubled the force of his narratives and emancipated him from all the absurdities inherent in merely conventional shudder-coining.  This example having been set, later authors were naturally forced to conform to it in order to compete at all; so that in this way a definite change begin to affect the main stream of macabre writing.  Poe, too, set a fashion in consummate craftsmanship; and although today some of his own work seems slightly melodramatic and unsophisticated, we can constantly trace his influence in such things as the maintenance of a single mood and achievement of a single impression in a tale, and the rigorous paring down of incidents to such as have a direct bearing on the plot and will figure prominently in the climax.  Truly may it be said that Poe invented the short story in its present form.  His elevation of disease, perversity, and decay to the level of artistically expressible themes was likewise infinitely far-reaching in effect; for avidly seized, sponsored, and intensified by his eminent French admirer Charles Pierre Baudelaire, it became the nucleus of the principal æsthetic movements in France, thus making Poe in a sense the father of the Decadents and the Symbolists.

Poet and critic by nature and supreme attainment, logician and philosopher by taste and mannerism, Poe was by no means immune from defects and affectations.  His pretence to profound and obscure scholarship, his blundering ventures in stilted and laboured pseudo-humor, and his often vitriolic outbursts of critical prejudice must all be recognized and forgiven.  Beyond and above them, and dwarfing them to insignificance, was a master's vision of the terror that stalks about and within us, and the worm that writhes and slavers in the hideously close abyss.  Penetrating to every festering horror in the gaily painted mockery called existence, and in the solemn masquerade called human thought and feeling, that vision had power to project itself in blackly magical crystallisations and transmutations; till there bloomed in the sterile America of the thirties and forties such a moon-nourished garden of gorgeous poison fungi as not even the nether slopes of Saturn might boast.  Verses and tales alike sustain the burthen of cosmic panic.  The raven whose noisome beak pierces the heart, the ghouls that toll iron bells in pestilential steeples, the vault of Ulalume in the black October night, the shocking spires and domes under the sea, the "wild, weird clime that lieth, sublime, out of Space--out of Time]]--all these things and more leer at us amidst maniacal rattlings in the seething nightmare of the poetry.  And in the prose there yawn open for us the very jaws of the pit--inconceivable abnormalities slyly hinted into a horrible half-knowledge by words whose innocence we scarcely doubt till the cracked tension of the speaker's hollow voice bids us fear their nameless implications; dæmoniac patterns and presences slumbering noxiously till waked for one phobic instant into a shrieking revelation that cackles itself to sudden madness or explodes in memorable and cataclysmic echoes.  A Witches' Sabbath of horror flinging off decorous robes is flashed before us--a sight the more monstrous because of the scientific skill with which every particular is marshaled and brought into an easy apparent relation to the known gruesomeness of material life.

Poe's tales, of course, fall into several classes; some of which contain a purer essence of spiritual horror than others.  The tales of logic and ratiocination, forerunners of the modern detective story, are not to be included at all in weird literature; whilst certain others, probably influenced considerably by Hoffmann, possess an extravagance which relegates them to the borderline of the grotesque.  Still a third group deal with abnormal psychology and monomania in such a way as to express terror but not weirdness.  A substantial residuum, however, represent the literature of supernatural horror in its acutest form; and give their author a permanent and unassailable place as deity and fountainhead of all modern diabolic fiction.  Who can forget the terrible swollen ship poised on the billow-chasm ' s edge in MS.  Found in a Bottle--the dark intimations of her unhallowed age and monstrous growth, her sinister crew of unseeing greybeards, and her frightful southward rush under full sail through the ice of the Antarctic night, sucked onward by some resistless devil-current toward a vortex of eldritch enlightenment which must end in destruction?

Then there is the unutterable M.  Valdemar, kept together by hypnotism for seven months after his death, and uttering frantic sounds but a moment before the breaking of the spell leaves him "a nearly liquid mass of loathsome, of detestable putrescence." In the Narrative of A.  Gordon Pym the voyagers reach first a strange south polar land of murderous savages where nothing is white and where vast rocky ravines have the form of titanic Egyptian letters spelling terrible primal arcana of earth; and thereafter a still more mysterious realm where everything is white, and where shrouded giants and snowy-plumed birds guard a cryptic cataract of mist which empties from immeasurable celestial heights into a torrid milky sea.  Metzengerstein horrifies with its malign hints of a monstrous metempsychosis--the mad nobleman who burns the stable of his hereditary foe; the colossal unknown horse that issues from the blazing building after the owner has perished therein; the vanishing bit of ancient tapestry where was shown the giant horse of the victim's ancestor in the Crusades; the madman's wild and constant riding on the great horse, and his fear and hatred of the steed; the meaningless prophecies that brood obscurely over the warring houses; and finally, the burning of the madman's palace and the death therein of the owner, borne helpless into the flames and up the vast staircase astride the beast he had ridden so strangely.  Afterward the rising smoke of the ruins take the form of a gigantic horse.  The Man of the Crowd, telling of one who roams day and night to mingle with streams of people as if afraid to be alone, has quieter effects, but implies nothing less of cosmic fear.  Poe's mind was never far from terror and decay, and we see in every tale, poem, and philosophical dialogue a tense eagerness to fathom unplumbed wells of night, to pierce the veil of death, and to reign in fancy as lord of the frightful mysteries of time and space.

Certain of Poe's tales possess an almost absolute perfection of artistic form which makes them veritable beacon-lights in the province of the short story.  Poe could, when he wished, give to his prose a richly poetic cast; employing that archaic and Orientalised style with jeweled phrase, quasi-Biblical repetition, and recurrent burthen so successfully used by later writers like Oscar Wilde and Lord Dunsany; and in the cases where he has done this we have an effect of lyrical phantasy almost narcotic in essence--an opium pageant of dream in the language of dream, with every unnatural colour and grotesque image bodied forth in a symphony of corresponding sound.  The Masque of the Red Death, Silence, a Fable, and Shadow, a Parable, are assuredly poems in every sense of the word save the metrical one, and owe as much of their power to aural cadence as to visual imagery.  But it is in two of the less openly poetic tales, Ligeia and The Fall of the House of Usher--especially the latter--that one finds those very summits of artistry whereby Poe takes his place at the head of fictional miniaturists.  Simple and straightforward in plot, both of these tales owe their supreme magic to the cunning development which appears in the selection and collocation of every least incident.  Ligeia tells of a first wife of lofty and mysterious origin, who after death returns through a preternatural force of will to take possession of the body of a second wife; imposing even her physical appearance on the temporary reanimated corpse of her victim at the last moment.  Despite a suspicion of prolixity and topheaviness, the narrative reaches its terrific climax with relentless power.  Usher, whose superiority in detail and proportion is very marked, hints shudderingly of obscure life in inorganic things, and displays an abnormally linked trinity of entities at the end of a long and isolated family history--a brother, his twin sister, and their incredibly ancient house all sharing a single soul and meeting one common dissolution at the same moment.

These bizarre conceptions, so awkward in unskillful hands, become under Poe's spell living and convincing terrors to haunt our nights; and all because the author understood so perfectly the very mechanics and physiology of fear and strangeness--the essential details to emphasise, the precise incongruities and conceits to select as preliminaries or concomitants to horror, the exact incidents and allusions to throw out innocently in advance as symbols or prefigurings of each major step toward the hideous dénouement to come, the nice adjustments of cumulative force and the unerring accuracy in linkage of parts which make for faultless unity throughout and thunderous effectiveness at the climactic moment, the delicate nuances of scenic and landscape value to select in establishing and sustaining the desired mood and vitalising the desired illusion--principles of this kind, and dozens of obscurer ones too elusive to be described or even fully comprehended by any ordinary commentator.  Melodrama and unsophistication there may be--we are told of one fastidious Frenchman who could not bear to read Poe except in Baudelaire's urbane and Gallically modulated translation--but all traces of such things are wholly overshadowed by a potent and inborn sense of the spectral, the morbid, and the horrible which gushed forth from every cell of the artist's creative mentality and stamped his macabre work with the ineffaceable mark of supreme genius.  Poe's weird tales are alive in a manner that few others can ever hope to be.

Like most fantaisistes, Poe excels in incidents and broad narrative effects rather than in character drawing.  His typical protagonist is generally a dark, handsome, proud, melancholy, intellectual, highly sensitive, capricious, introspective, isolated, and sometimes slightly mad gentleman of ancient family and opulent circumstances; usually deeply learned in strange lore, and darkly ambitious of penetrating to forbidden secrets of the universe.  Aside from a high-sounding name, this character obviously derives little from the early Gothic novel; for he is clearly neither the wooden hero nor the diabolical villain of Radcliffian or Ludovician romance.  Indirectly, however, he does possess a sort of genealogical connection; since his gloomy, ambitious and anti-social qualities savour strongly of the typical Byronic hero, who in turn is definitely an offspring, of the Gothic Manfreds, Montonis, and Ambrosios.  More particular qualities appear to be derived from the psychology of Poe himself, who certainly possessed much of the depression, sensitiveness, mad aspiration, loneliness, and extravagant freakishness which he attributes to his haughty and solitary victims of Fate.

VIII.  The Weird Tradition In America

The public for whom Poe wrote, though grossly unappreciative of his art, was by no means accustomed to the horrors with which he dealt.  America, besides inheriting the usual dark folk-lore of Europe, had an additional fund of weird associations to draw upon; so that spectral legends had already been recognised as fruitful subject-matter for literature.  Charles Brockden Brown had achieved phenomenal fame with his Radcliffian romances, and Washington Irving's lighter treatment of eerie themes had quickly become classic.  This additional fund proceeded, as Paul Elmer More has pointed out, from the keen spiritual and theological interests of the first colonists, plus the strange and forbidding nature of the scene into which they were plunged.  The vast and gloomy virgin forests in whose perpetual twilight all terrors might well lurk; the hordes of coppery Indians whose strange, saturnine visages and violent customs hinted strongly at traces of infernal origin; the free rein given tinder the influence of Puritan theocracy to all manner of notions respecting man's relation to the stern and vengeful God of the Calvinists, and to the sulphureous Adversary of that God, about whom so much was thundered in the pulpits each Sunday; and the morbid introspection developed by an isolated backwoods life devoid of normal amusements and of the recreational mood, harassed by commands for theological self-examination, keyed to unnatural emotional repression, and forming above all a mere grim struggle for survival--all these things conspired to produce an environment in which the black whisperings of sinister grandams were heard far beyond the chimney corner, and in which tales of witchcraft and unbelievable secret monstrosities lingered long after the dread days of the Salem nightmare.

Poe represents the newer, more disillusioned, and more technically finished of the weird schools that rose out of this propitious milieu.  Another school--the tradition of moral values, gentle restraint, and mild, leisurely phantasy tinged more or less with the whimsical--was represented by another famous, misunderstood, and lonely figure in American letters--the shy and sensitive Nathaniel Hawthorne, scion of antique Salem and great-grandson of one of the bloodiest of the old witchcraft judges.  In Hawthorne we have none of the violence, the daring, the high colouring, the intense dramatic sense, the cosmic malignity, and the undivided and impersonal artistry of Poe.  Here, instead, is a gentle soul cramped by the Puritanism of early New England; shadowed and wistful, and grieved at an unmoral universe which everywhere transcends the conventional patterns thought by our forefathers to represent divine and immutable law.  Evil, a very real force to Hawthorne, appears on every hand as a lurking and conquering adversary; and the visible world becomes in his fancy a theatre of infinite tragedy and woe, with unseen half-existent influences hovering over it and through it, battling for supremacy and moulding the destinies of the hapless mortals who form its vain and self-deluded population.  The heritage of American weirdness was his to a most intense degree, and he saw a dismal throng of vague specters behind the common phenomena of life; but he was not disinterested enough to value impressions, sensations, and beauties of narration for their own sake.  He must needs weave his phantasy into some quietly melancholy fabric of didactic or allegorical cast, in which his meekly resigned cynicism may display with naive moral appraisal the perfidy of a human race which he cannot cease to cherish and mourn despite his insight into its hypocrisy.  Supernatural horror, then, is never a primarily object with Hawthorne; though its impulses were so deeply woven into his personality that he cannot help suggesting it with the force of genius when he calls upon the unreal world to illustrate the pensive sermon he wishes to preach.

Hawthorne's intimations of the weird, always gentle, elusive, and restrained, may be traced throughout his work.  The mood that produced them found one delightful vent in the Teutonised retelling of classic myths for children contained in A Wonder Book and Tanglewood Tales, and at other times exercised itself in casting a certain strangeness and intangible witchery or malevolence over events not meant to be actually supernatural; as in the macabre posthumous novel Dr.  Grimshawe's Secret, which invests with a peculiar sort of repulsion a house existing to this day in Salem, and abutting on the ancient Charter Street Burying Ground.  In The Marble Faun, whose design was sketched out in an Italian villa reputed to be haunted, a tremendous background of genuine phantasy and mystery palpitates just beyond the common reader's sight; and glimpses of fabulous blood in mortal veins are hinted at during the course of a romance which cannot help being interesting despite the persistent incubus of moral allegory, anti-Popery propaganda, and a Puritan prudery which has caused the modern writer D.  H.  Lawrence to express a longing to treat the author in a highly undignified manner.  Septimius Felton, a posthumous novel whose, idea was to have been elaborated and incorporated into the unfinished Dolliver Romance, touches on the Elixir of Life in a more or less capable fashion whilst the notes for a never-written tale to be called The Ancestral Footstep show what Hawthorne would have done with an intensive treatment of an old English superstition--that of an ancient and accursed line whose members left footprints of blood as they walked-which appears incidentally in both Septimius Felton and Dr.  Grimshawe's Secret.

Many of Hawthorne's shorter tales exhibit weirdness, either of atmosphere or of incident, to a remarkable degree.  Edward Randolph's Portrait, in Legends of the Province House, has its diabolic moments.  The Minister's Black Veil (founded on an actual incident) and The Ambitious Guest imply much more than they state, whilst Ethan Grand--a fragment of a longer work never completed--rises to genuine heights of cosmic fear with its vignette of the wild hill country and the blazing, desolate lime-kilns, and its delineation of the Byronic "unpardonable sinner," whose troubled life ends with a peal of fearful laughter in the night as he seeks rest amidst the flames of the furnace.  Some of Hawthorne's notes tell of weird tales he would have written had he lived longer--an especially vivid plot being that concerning a baffling stranger who appeared now and then in public assemblies, and who was at last followed and found to come and go from a very ancient grave.

But foremost as a finished, artistic unit among all our author's weird material is the famous and exquisitely wrought novel, The House of the Seven Gables, in which the relentless working out of an ancestral curse is developed with astonishing power against the sinister background of a very ancient Salem house--one of those peaked Gothic affairs which formed the first regular building-up of our New England coast towns but which gave way after the seventeenth century to the more familiar gambrel-roofed or classic Georgian types now known as "Colonial.[[Of these old gabled Gothic houses scarcely a dozen are to be seen today in their original condition throughout the United States, but one well known to Hawthorne still stands in Turner Street, Salem, and is pointed out with doubtful authority as the scene and inspiration of the romance.  Such an edifice, with its spectral peaks, its clustered chimneys, its overhanging second story, its grotesque corner-brackets, and its diamond-paned lattice windows, is indeed an object well calculated to evoke sombre reflections; typifying as it does the dark Puritan age of concealed horror and witch-whispers which preceded the beauty, rationality, and spaciousness of the eighteenth century.  Hawthorne saw many in his youth, and knew the black tales connected with some of them.  He heard, too, many rumours of a curse upon his own line as the result of his great-grandfather ' s severity as a witchcraft judge in 1692.

From this setting came the immortal tale--New England's greatest contribution to weird literature--and we can feel in an instant the authenticity of the atomosphere presented to us.  Stealthy horror and disease lurk within the weather-blackened, moss-crusted, and elm-shadowed walls of the archaic dwelling so vividly displayed, and we grasp the brooding malignity of the place when we read that its builder--old Colonel Pyncheon--snatched the land with peculiar ruthlessness from its original settler, Matthew Maule, whom he condemned to the gallows as a wizard in the year of the panic.  Maule died cursing old Pyncheon--[[God will give him blood to drink]]--and the waters of the old well on the seized land turned bitter.  Maule's carpenter son consented to build the great gabled house for his fathet's triumphant enemy, but the old Colonel died strangely on the day of its dedication.  Then followed generations of odd vicissitudes, with queer whispers about the dark powers of the Maules, and sometimes terrible ends befalling the Pyncheons.

The overshadowing malevolence of the ancient house--almost as alive as Poe's House of Usher, though in a subtler way--pervades the tale as a recurrent motif pervades in operatic tragedy; and when the main story is reached, we behold the modern Pyncheons in a pitiable state of decay.  Poor old Hepzibah, the eccentric reduced gentlewoman; childlike, unfortunate Clifford, just released from undeserved imprisonment; sly and treacherous judge Pyncheon, who is the old Colonel an over again--all these figures are tremendous symbols, and are well matched by the stunted vegetation and anæmic fowls in the garden.  It was almost a pity to supply a fairly happy ending, with a union of sprightly Phœbe, cousin and last scion of the Pyncheons, to the prepossessing young man who turns out to be the last of the Maules.  This union, presumably, ends the curse.  Hawthorne avoids all violence of diction or movement, and keeps his implications of terror well in the background; but occasional glimpses amply serve to sustain the mood and redeem the work from pure allegorical aridity.  Incidents like the bewitching of Alice Pyncheon in the early eighteenth century, and the spectral music of her harpsichord which precedes a death in the family--the latter a variant of an immemorial type of Aryan myth--link the action directly with the supernatural; whilst the dead nocturnal vigil of old judge Pyncheon in the ancient parlour, with his frightfully ticking watch, is stark horror of the most poignant and genuine sort.  The way in which the judge's death is first adumbrated by the motions and sniffing of a strange cat outside the window, long before the fact is suspected by the reader or by any of the characters, is a stroke of genius which Poe could not have surpassed.  Later the strange cat watches intently outside that same window in the night and on the next day, for--something.  It is clearly the psychopomp of primeval myth, fitted and adapted with infinite deftness to its latter-day setting.

But Hawthorne left no well-defined literary posterity.  His mood and attitude belonged to the age which closed with him, and it is the spirit of Poe--who so clearly and realistically understood the natural basis of the horror-appeal and the correct mechanics of its achievement--which survived and blossomed.  Among the earliest of Poe's disciples may be reckoned the brilliant young Irishman Fitz James O'Brien (1828-1862), who became naturalised as an American and perished honourably in the Civil War.  It is he who gave us What Was It?, the first well-shaped short story of a tangible but invisible being, and the prototype of de Maupassant's Horla; he also who created the inimitable Diamond Lens, in which a young microscopist falls in love with a maiden of in infinitesimal world which he has discovered in a drop of water.  O ' Brien ' s early death undoubtedly deprived us of some masterful tales of strangeness and terror, though his genius was not, properly speaking, of the same titan quality which characterised Poe and Hawthorne.

Closer to real greatness was the eccentric and saturnine journalist Ambrose Bierce, born in 1842; who likewise entered the Civil War, but survived to write some immortal tales and to disappear in 1913 in as great a cloud of mystery as any he ever evoked from his nightmare fancy.  Bierce was a satirist and pamphleteer of note, but the bulk of his artistic reputation must rest upon his grim and savage short stories; a large number of which deal with the Civil War and form the most vivid and realistic expression which that conflict has yet received in fiction.  Virtually all of Bierce's tales are tales of horror; and whilst many of them treat only of the physical and psychological horrors within Nature, a substantial proportion admit the malignly supernatural and form a leading element in America's fund of weird literature.  Mr.  Samuel Loveman, a living poet and critic who was personally acquainted with Bierce, thus sums up the genius of the great "shadow-maker "in the preface to some of his letters:


In Bierce the evocation of horror becomes for the first time not so much the prescription or perversion of Poe and Maupassant, but an atmosphere definite and uncannily precise.  Words, so simple that one would be prone to ascribe them to the limitations of a literary hwk, take on an unholy horror, a new and unguessed transformation.  In Poe one finds it a tour de force, in Maupassant a nervous engagement of the flagellated climax.  To Bierce, simply and sincerely, diabolism held in its tormented death a legitimate and reliant means to the end.  Yet a tacit confirmation with Nature is in every instance insisted upon.

In The Death of Halpin Frayser flowers, verdure, and the boughs and leaves of trees are magnificently placed as an opposing foil to unnatural malignity.  Not the accustomed golden world, but a world pervaded with the mystery of blue and the breathless recalcitrance of dreams is Bierces.  Yet, curiously, inhumanity is not altogether absent.


The "inhumanity "mentioned by Mr.  Loveman finds vent in a rare strain of sardonic comedy and graveyard humour, and a kind of delight in images of cruelty and tantalising disappointment.  The former quality is well illustrated by some of the subtitles in the darker narratives; such as "One does not always eat what is on the table ", describing a body laid out for a coroner's inquest, and "A man though naked may be in rags," referring to a frightfully mangled corpse.

Bierce's work is in general somewhat uneven.  Many of the stories are obviously mechanical, and marred by a jaunty and commonplacely artificial style derived from journalistic models; but the grim malevolence stalking through all of them is unmistakable, and several stand out as permanent mountain-peaks of American weird writing.  The Death of Halpin Frayser, called by Frederic Taber Cooper the most fiendishly ghastly tale in the literature of the Anglo-Saxon race, tells of a body skulking by night without a soul in a weird and horribly ensanguined wood, and of a man beset by ancestral memories who met death at the claws of that which had been his fervently loved mother.  The Damned Thing, frequently copied in popular anthologies, chronicles the hideous devastations of an invisible entity that waddles and flounders on the hills and in the wheatfields by night and day.  The Suitable Surroundings evoke's with singular subtlety yet apparent simplicity a piercing sense of the terror which may reside in the written word.  In the story the weird author Colston says to his friend Marsh, "You are brave enough to read me in a street-car, but--in a deserted house--alone--in the forest--at night! Bah! I have a manuscript in my pocket that would kill you!" Marsh reads the manuscript in "the suitable surroundings--and it does kill him.  The Middle Toe of the Right Foot is clumsily developed, but has a powerful climax.  A man named Manton has horribly killed his two children and his wife, the latter of whom lacked the middle toe of the right foot.  Ten years later he returns much altered to the neighbourhood; and, being secretly recognised, is provoked into a bowie-knife duel in the dark, to be held in the now abandond house where his crime was committed.  When the moment of the duel arrives a trick is played upon him; and he is left without an antagonist, shut in a night-black ground floor room of the reputedly haunted edifice, with the thick dust of a decade on every hand.  No knife is drawn against him, for only a thorough scare is intended; but on the next day he is found crouched in a corner with distorted face, dead of sheer fright at something he has seen.  The only clue visible to the discoverers is one having terrible implications: "In the dust of years that lay thick upon the floor--leading from the door by which they had entered, straight across the room to within a yard of Manton's crouching corpse--were three parallel lines of footprints--light but definite impressions of bare feet, the outer ones those of small children, the inner a woman ' s.  From the point at which they ended they did not return; they pointed all one way." And, of course, the woman's prints showed a lack of the middle toe of the right foot.  The Spook House, told with a severely homely air of journalistic verisimilitude, conveys terrible hints of shocking mystery.  In 1858 an entire family of seven persons disappears suddenly and unaccountably from a plantation house in eastern Kentucky, leaving all its possessions untouched--furniture, clothing, food supplies, horses, cattle, and slaves.  About a year later two men of high standing are forced by a storm to take shelter in the deserted dwelling, and in so doing stumble into a strange subterranean room lit by an unaccountable greenish light and having an iron door which cannot be opened from within.  In this room lie the decayed corpses of all the missing family; and as one of the discoverers rushes forward to embrace a body he seems to recognise, the other is so overpowered by a strange foetor that he accidentally shuts his companion in the vault and loses consciousness.  Recovering his senses six weeks later, the survivor is unable to find the hidden room; and the house is burned during the Civil War.  The imprisoned discoverer is never seen or heard of again.

Bierce seldom realises the atmospheric possibilities of his themes as vividly as Poe; and much of his work contains a certain touch of naiveté, prosaic angularity, or early-American provincialism which contrasts somewhat with the efforts of later horror-masters.  Nevertheless the genuineness and artistry of his dark intimations are always unmistakable, so that his greatness is in no danger of eclipse.  As arranged in his definitively collected works, Bierce's weird tales occur mainly in two volumes, Can Such Things Be? and In the Midst of Life.  The former, indeed, is almost wholly given over to, the supernatural.

Much of the best in American horror-literature has come from pens not mainly devoted to that medium.  Oliver Wendell Holmes's historic Elsie Venner suggests with admirable restraint an unnatural ophidian element in a young woman prenatally influenced, and sustains the atmosphere with finely discriminating landscape touches.  In The Turn of the Screw Henry James triumphs over his inevitable pomposity and prolixity sufficiently well to create a truly potent air of sinister menace; depicting the hideous influence of two dead and evil servants, Peter Quint and the governess, Miss Jessel, over a small boy and girl who had been under their care.  James is perhaps too diffuse, too unctuously urbane, and too much addicted to subtleties of speech to realise fully all the wild and devastating horror in his situations; but for all that there is a rare and mounting tide of fright, culminating in the death of the little boy, which gives the novelette a permanent place in its special class.

F.  Marion Crawford produced several weird tales of varying quality, now collected in a volume entitled Wandering Ghosts.  For the Blood Is the Life touches powerfully on a case of moon-cursed vampirism near an ancient tower on the rocks of the lonely South Italian seacoast.  The Dead Smile treats of family horrors in an old house and an ancestral vault in Ireland, and introduces the banshee with considerable force.  The Upper Berth, however, is Crawford's weird masterpiece; and is one of the most tremendous horror-stories in all literature.  In this tale of a suicide-haunted stateroom such things as the spectral saltwater dampness, the strangely open porthole, and the nightmare struggle with the nameless object are handled with incomparable dexterity.

Very genuine, though not without the typical mannered extravagance of the eighteen-nineties, is the strain of horror in the early work of Robert W.  Chambers, since renowned for products of a very different quality.  The King in Yellow, a series of vaguely connected short stories having as a background a monstrous and suppressed book whose perusal brings fright, madness, and spectral tragedy, really achieves notable heights of cosmic fear in spite of uneven interest and a somewhat trivial and affected cultivation of the Gallic studio atmosphere made popular by Du Maurier's Trilby.  The most powerful of its tales, perhaps, is The Yellow Sign, in which is introduced a silent and terrible churchyard watchman with a face like a puffy grave-worm ' s.  A boy, describing a tussle he has had with this creature, shivers and sickens as he relates a certain detail.  "Well, it's Gawd's truth that when I 'it 'im 'e grabbed me wrists, Sir, and when I twisted 'is soft, mushy fist one of 'is fingers come off in me 'and." An artist, who after seeing him has shared with another a strange dream of a nocturnal hearse, is shocked by the voice with which the watchman accosts him.  The fellow emits a muttering sound that fills the head "like thick oily smoke from a fat-rendering vat or an odour of noisome decay." What he mumbles is merely this: "Have you found the Yellow Sign?]]

A weirdly hieroglyphed onyx talisman, picked up on the street by the sharer of his dream, is shortly given the artist; and after stumbling queerly upon the hellish and forbidden book of horrors the two learn, among other hideous things which no sane mortal should know, that this talisman is indeed the nameless Yellow Sign handed down from the accursed cult of Hastur--from primordial Carcosa, whereof the volume treats, and some nightmare memory of which seeks to lurk latent and ominous at the back of all men's minds.  Soon they hear the rumbling of the black-plumed hearse driven by the flabby and corpse-faced watchman.  He enters the night-shrouded house in quest of the Yellow Sign, all bolts and bars rotting at his touch.  And when the people rush in, drawn by a scream that no human throat could utter, they find three forms on the floor--two dead and one dying.  One of the dead shapes is far gone in decay.  It is the churchyard watchman, and the doctor exclaims, "That man must have been dead for months." It is worth observing that the author derives most of the names and allusions connected with his eldritch land of primal memory from the tales of Ambrose Bierce.  Other early works of Mr.  Chambers displaying the outré and macabre element are The Maker of Moons and In Search of the Unknown.  One cannot help regretting that he did not further develop a vein in which he could so easily have become a recognised master.

Horror material of authentic force may be found in the work of the New England realist Mary E.  Wilkins, whose volume of short tales, The Wind in the Rosebush, contains a number of noteworthy achievements.  In The Shadows on the Wall we are shown with consummate skill the response of a staid New England household to uncanny tragedy; and the sourceless shadow of the poisoned brother well prepares us for the climactic moment when the shadow of the secret murderer, who has killed himself in a neighbouring city, suddenly appears beside it.  Charlotte Perkins Gilman, in The Yellow Wall Paper, rises to a classic level in subtly delineating the madness which crawls over a woman dwelling in the hideously papered room where a madwoman was once confined.

In The Dead Valley the eminent architect and mediævalist Ralph Adams Cram achieves a memorably potent degree of vague regional horror through subtleties of atmosphere and description.

Still further carrying on our spectral tradition is the gifted and versatile humourist Irvin S.  Cobb, whose work both early and recent contains some finely weird specimens.  Fishhead, an early achievement, is banefully effective in its portrayal of unnatural affinities between a hybrid idiot and the strange fish of an isolated lake, which at the last avenge their biped kinsman's murder.  Later work of Mr.  Cobb introduces an element of possible science, as in the tale of hereditary memory where a modern man with a negroid strain utters words in African jungle speech when run down by a train under visual and aural circumstances recalling the maiming of his black ancestor by a rhinoceros a century before.

Extremely high in artistic stature is the novel The Dark Chamber (1927) by the late Leonard Cline.  This is the tale of a man who--with the characteristic ambition of the Gothic or Byronic hero-villain--seeks to defy nature and recapture every moment of his past life through the abnormal stimulation of memory.  To this end he employs endless notes, records, mnemonic objects, and pictures--and finally odours, music, and exotic drugs.  At last his ambition goes beyond his personal life and readies toward the black abysses of hereditary memory--even back to pre-human days amidst the steaming swamps of the carboniferous age, and to still more unimaginable deeps of primal time and entity.  He calls for madder music and takes stranger drugs, and finally his great dog grows oddly afraid of him.  A noxious animal stench encompasses him, and he grows vacant-faced and subhuman.  In the end he takes to the woods, howling at night beneath windows.  He is finally found in a thicket, mangled to death.  Beside him is the mangled corpse of his dog.  They have killed each other.  The atmosphere of this novel is malevolently potent, much attention being paid to the central figure's sinister home and household.

A less subtle and well-balanced but nevertheless highly effective creation is Herbert S.  Gorman's novel, The Place Called Dagon, which relates the dark history of a western Massachusetts back-water where the descendants of refugees from the Salem witchcraft still keep alive the morbid and degenerate horrors of the Black Sabbat.

Sinister House, by Leland Hall, has touches of magnificent atmosphere but is marred by a somewhat mediocre romanticism.

Very notable in their way are some of the weird conceptions of the novelist and short-story writer Edward Lucas White, most of whose themes arise from actual dreams.  The Song of The Siren has a very persuasive strangeness, while such things as Lukundoo and The Snout arouse darker apprehensions.  Mr.  White imparts a very peculiar quality to his tales--an oblique sort of glamour which has its own distinctive type of convincingness.

Of younger Americans, none strikes the note of cosmic horror so well as the California poet, artist and fictionist Clark Ashton Smith, whose bizarre writing, drawings, paintings and stories are the delight of a sensitive few.  Mr.  Smith has for his background a universe of remote and paralysing fright-jungles of poisonous and iridescent blossoms on the moons of Saturn, evil and grotesque temples in Atlantis, Lemuria, and forgotten elder worlds, and dank morasses of spotted death-fungi in spectral countries beyond earth's rim.  His longest and most ambitious poem, The Hashish-Eater, is in pentameter blank verse; and opens up chaotic and incredible vistas of kaleidoscopic nightmare in the spaces between the stars.  In sheet dæmonic strangeness and fertility of conception, Mr.  Smith is perhaps unexcelled by, any, other writer dead or living.  Who else has seen such gorgeous, luxuriant, and feverishly distorted visions of infinite spheres and multiple dimensions and lived to tell the tale? His short stories deal powerfully with other galaxies, worlds, and dimensions, as well as with strange regions and æons on the earth.  He tells of primal Hyperborea and its black amorphous god Tsathoggua; of the lost continent Zothique, and of the fabulous, Vampire-curst land of Averoigne in mediæval France.  Some of Mr.  Smith's best work can be found in the brochure entitled The Double Shadow and Other Fantasies (1933).

IX.  The Weird Tradition In The British Isles

Recent British literature, besides including the three or four greatest fantaisistes of the present age, has been gratifyingly fertile in the element of the weird.  Rudyard Kipling has often approached it, and has, despite the omnipresent mannerisms, handled it with indubitable mastery in such tales as The Phantom Rickshaw, The Finest Story in the World, The Recrudescence of Imray, and The Mark of the Beast.  This latter is of particular poignancy; the pictures of the naked leper-priest who mewed like an otter, of the spots which appeared on the chest of the man that priest cursed, of the growing carnivorousness of the victim and of the fear which horses began to display toward him, and of the eventually half-accomplished transformation of that victim into a leopard, being things which no reader is ever likely to forget.  The final defeat of the malignant sorcery does not impair the force of the tale or the validity of its mystery.

Lafcadio Hearn, strange, wandering, and exotic, departs still farther from the realm of the real; and with the supreme artistry of a sensitive poet weaves phantasies impossible to an author of the solid roast beef type.  His Fantastics, written in America, contains some of the most impressive ghoulishness in all literature; whilst his Kwaidan, written in Japan, crystallises with matchless skill and delicacy the eerie lore and whispered legends of that richly colourful nation.  Still more of Helm's wizardry of language is shown in some of his translations from the French, especially from Gautier and Flaubert.  His version of the latter's Temptation of St.  Anthony is a classic of fevered and riotous imagery clad in the magic of singing words.

Oscar Wilde may likewise be given a place amongst weird writers, both for certain of his exquisite fairy tales, and for his vivid Picture of Dorian Gray, in which a marvellous portrait for years assumes the duty of aging and coarsening instead of its original, who meanwhile plunges into every excess of vice and crime without the outward loss of youth, beauty, and freshness.  There is a sudden and potent climax when Dorian Gray, at last become a murderer, seeks to destroy the painting whose changes testify to his moral degeneracy.  He stabs it with a knife, and a hideous cry and crash are heard; but when the servants enter they find it in all its pristine loveliness.  "Lying on the floor was a dead man, in evening dress, with a knife in his heart.  He was withered, wrinkled, and loathsome of visage.  It was not until they had examined the rings that they recognised who he was."

Matthew Phipps Shiel, author of many weird, grotesque, and adventurous novels and tales, occasionally attains a high level of horrific magic.  Xelucha is a noxiously hideous fragment, but is excelled by Mr.  Shiel's undoubted masterpiece, The House of Sounds, floridly written in the "yellow nineties," and recast with more artistic restraint in the early twentieth century.  Ibis story, in final form, deserves a place among the foremost things of its kind.  It tells of a creeping horror and menace trickling down the centuries on a sub-arctic island off the coast of Norway; where, amidst the sweep of daemon winds and the ceaseless din of hellish waves and cataracts, a vengeful dead man built a brazen tower of terror.  It is vaguely like, yet infinitely unlike, Poe's Fall of the House of Usher.  In the novel The Purple Cloud Mr.  Shiel describes with tremendous power a curse which came out of the arctic to destroy mankind, and which for a time appears to have left but a single inhabitant on our planet.  The sensations of this lone survivor as he realises his position, and roams through the corpse-littered and treasure-strewn cities of the world as their absolute master, are delivered with a skill and artistry falling little short of actual majesty.  Unfortunately the second half of the book, with its conventionally romantic element, involves a distinct letdown.

Better known than Shiel is the ingenious Bram Stoker, who created many starkly horrific conceptions in a series of novels whose poor technique sadly impairs their net effect.  The Lair of the White Worm, dealing with a gigantic primitive entity that lurks in a vault beneath an ancient castle, utterly ruins a magnificent idea by a development almost infantile.  The Jewel of Seven Stars, touching on a strange Egyptian resurrection, is less crudely written.  But best of all is the famous Dracula, which has become almost the standard modern exploitation of the frightful vampire myth.  Count Dracula, a vampire, dwells in a horrible castle in the Carpathians, but finally migrates to England with the design of populating the country with fellow vampires.  How an Englishman fares within Dracula's stronghold of terrors, and how the dead fiend's plot for domination is at last defeated, are elements which unite to form a tale now justly assigned a permanent place in English letters.  Dracula evoked many similar novels of supernatural horror, among which the best are perhaps The Beetle, by Richard Marsh, Brood of the Witch-Queen, by "Sax Rohmer" (Arthur Sarsfield Ward), and The Door of the Unreal, by Gerald Bliss.  The latter handles quite dexterously the standard werewolf superstition.  Much subtler and more artistic, and told with singular skill through the juxtaposed narratives of the several characters, is the novel Cold Harbour, by Francis Brett Young, in which an ancient house of strange malignancy is powerfully delineated.  The mocking and well-nigh omnipotent fiend Humphrey Furnival holds echoes of the Manfred-Montoni type of early Gothic "villain,[[but is redeemed from triteness by many clever individualities.  Only the slight diffuseness of explanation at the close, and the somewhat too free use of divination as a plot factor, keep this tale from approaching absolute perfection.

In the novel Witch Wood John Buchan depicts with tremendous force a survival of the evil Sabbat in a lonely district of Scotland.  The description of the black forest with the evil stone, and of the terrible cosmic adumbrations when the horror is finally extirpated, will repay one for wading through the very gradual action and plethora of Scottish dialect.  Some of Mr.  Buchan's short stories are also extremely vivid in their spectral intimations; The Green Wildebeest, a tale of African witchcraft, The Wind in the Portico, with its awakening of dead Britanno-Roman horrors, and Skule Skerry, with its touches of sub-arctic fright, being especially remarkable.

Clemence Housman, in the brief novelette The Werewolf, attains a high degree of gruesome tension and achieves to some extent the atmosphere of authentic folklore.  In The Elixir of Life Arthur Ransome attains some darkly excellent effects despite a general naiveté of plot, while H.  B.  Drake's The Shadowy Thing summons up strange and terrible vistas.  George Macdonald's Lilith has a compelling bizarrerie all its own, the first and simpler of the two versions being perhaps the more effective.

Deserving of distinguished notice as a forceful craftsman to whom an unseen mystic world is, ever a dose and vital reality is the poet Walter de la Mare, whose haunting verse and exquisite prose alike bear consistent traces of a strange vision reaching deeply into veiled spheres of beauty and terrible and forbidden dimensions of being.  In the novel The Return we see the soul of a dead man reach out of its grave of two centuries and fasten itself upon the flesh of the living, so that even the face of the victim becomes that which had long ago returned to dust.  Of the shorter tales, of which several volumes exist, many are unforgettable for their command of fear's and sorcery's darkest ramifications; notably Seaton's Aunt, in which there lowers a noxious background of malignant vampirism; The Tree, which tells of a frightful vegetable growth in the yard of a starving artist; Out of the Deep, wherein we are given leave to imagine what thing answered the summons of a dying wastrel in a dark lonely house when he pulled a long-feared bell-cord in the attic of his dread-haunted boyhood; A Recluse, which hints at what sent a chance guest flying from a house in the night; Mr.  Kempe, which shows us a mad clerical hermit in quest of the human soul, dwelling in a frightful sea-cliff region beside an archaic abandoned chapel; and All-Hallows, a glimpse of dæmoniac forces besieging a lonely mediaeval church and miraculously restoring the rotting masonry.  De la Mare does not make fear the sole or even the dominant element of most of his tales, being apparently more interested in the subtleties of character involved.  Occasionally he sinks to sheer whimisical phantasy of the Barrie order.  Still he is among the very few to whom unreality is a vivid, living presence; and as such he is able to put into his occasional fear-studies a keen potency which only a rare master can achieve.  His poem The Listeners restores the Gothic shudder to modern verse.

The weird short story has fared well of late, an important contributor being the versatile E.  F.  Benson, whose The Man Who Went Too Far breathes whisperingly of a house at the edge of a dark wood, and of Pan's hoof-mark on the breast of a dead man.  Mr.  Benson's volume, Visible and Invisible, contains several stories of singular power; notably Negotiam Perambulans, whose unfolding reveals an abnormal monster from an ancient ecclesiastical panel which performs an act of miraculous vengeance in a lonely village on the Cornish coast, and The Horror-Horn, through which lopes a terrible half-human survival dwelling on unvisited Alpine peaks.  The Face, in another collection, is lethally potent, in its relentless aura of doom.  H.  R.  Wakefield, in his collections, They Return at Evening and Others Who Return, manages now and then to achieve great heights of horror despite a vitiating air of sophistication.  The most notable stories are The Red Lodge with its slimy acqueous evil, He Cometh and He Passeth By, And He Shall Sing, The Cairn, Look Up There, Blind Man's Buff, and that bit of lurking millennial horror, The Seventeenth Hole at Duncaster.  Mention has been made of the weird work of H.  G.  Wells and A.  Conan Doyle.  The former, in The Ghost of Fear, reaches a very high level while all the items in Thirty Strange Stories have strong fantastic implications.  Doyle now and then struck a powerfully spectral note, as in The Captain of the Pole-Star, a tale of arctic ghostliness, and Lot No.  249, wherein the reanimated mummy theme is used with more than ordinary skill.  Hugh Walpole, of the same family as the founder of Gothic fiction, has sometimes approached the bizarre with much success, his short story Mrs.  Lunt carrying a very poignant shudder.  John Metcalfe, in the collection published as The Smoking Leg, attains now and then a rare pitch of potency, the tale entitled The Bad Lands, containing graduations of horror that strongly savour of genius.  More whimiscial and inclined toward the amiable and innocuous phantasy of Sir J.  M.  Barrie are the short tales of E.  M.  Forster, grouped under the title of The Celestial Omnibus.  Of these only one, dealing with a glimpse of Pan and his aura of fright, may be said to hold the true element of cosmic horror.  Mrs.  H.  D.  Everett, though adhering to very old and conventional models, occasionally reaches singular heights of spiritual terror in her collection of short stories, The Death Mask.  L.  P.  Hartley is notable for his incisive and extremely ghastly tale, A Visitor from Down Under, May Sinclair's Uncanny Stories contain more of traditional "occultism "than of that creative treatment of fear which marks mastery in this field, and are inclined to lay more stress on human emotions and psychological delving than upon the stark phenomena of a cosmos utterly unreal.  It may be well to remark here that occult believers are probably less effective than materialists in delineating the spectral and the fantastic, since to them the phantom world is so commonplace a reality that they tend to refer to it with less awe, remoteness, and impressiveness thin do those who see in it an absolute and stupendous violation of the natural order.

Of rather uneven stylistic quality, but vast occasional power in its suggestion of lurking worlds and beings behind the ordinary surface of life, is the work of William Hope Hodgson, known today far less than it deserves to be.  Despite a tendency toward conventionally sentimental conceptions of the universe, and of man's relation to it and to his fellows, Mr.  Hodgson is perhaps second only to Algernon Blackwood in his serious treatment of unreality.  Few can equal him in adumbrating the nearness of nameless forces and monstrous besieging entities through casual hints and insignificant details, or in conveying feelings of the spectral and the abnormal in connection with regions or buildings.

In The Boats of the Glen Carrig (1907) we are shown a variety of malign marvels and accursed unknown lands as encountered by the survivors of a sunken ship.  The brooding menace in the earlier parts of the book is impossible to surpass, though a letdown in the direction of ordinary romance and adventure occurs toward the end.  An inaccurate and pseudo-romantic attempt to reproduce eighteenth-century prose detracts from the general effect, but the really profound nautical erudition everywhere displayed is a compensating factor.

The House on the Borderland (1908)--perhaps the greatest of all Mr.  Hodgson's works--tells of a lonely and evilly regarded house in Ireland which forms a focus for hideous otherworld forces and sustains a siege by blasphemous hybrid anomalies from a hidden abyss below.  The wanderings of the Narrator's spirit through limitless light-years of cosmic space and Kalpas of eternity, and its witnessing of the solar system's final destruction, constitute something almost unique in standard literature.  And everywhere there is manifest the author's power to suggest vague, ambushed horrors in natural scenery.  But for a few touches of commonplace sentimentality this book would be a classic of the first water.

The Ghost Pirates (1909), regarded by Mr.  Hodgson as rounding out a trilogy with the two previously mentioned works, is a powerful account of a doomed and haunted ship on its last voyage, and of the terrible sea-devils (of quasi-human aspect, and perhaps the spirits of bygone buccaneers) that besiege it and finally drag it down to an unknown fate.  With its command of maritime knowledge, and its clever selection of hints and incidents suggestive of latent horrors in nature, this book at times reaches enviable peaks of power.

The Night Land (1912) is a long-extended (538 pp.) tale of the earth's infinitely remote future-billions of billions of years ahead, after the death of the sun.  It is told in a rather clumsy fashion, as the dreams of a man in the seventeenth century, whose mind merges with its own future incarnation; and is seriously marred by painful verboseness, repetitiousness, artificial and nauseously sticky romantic sentimentality, and an attempt at archaic language even more grotesque and absurd than that in Glen Carrig.

Allowing for all its faults, it is yet one of the most potent pieces of macabre imagination ever written.  The picture of a night-black, dead planet, with the remains of the human race concentrated in a stupendously vast mental pyramid and besieged by monstrous, hybrid, and altogether unknown forces of the darkness, is something that no reader can ever forget: Shapes and entities of an altogether non-human and inconceivable sort--the prowlers of the black, man-forsaken, and unexplored world outside the pyramid--are suggested and partly described with ineffable potency; while the night-land landscape with its chasms and slopes and dying volcanism takes on an almost sentient terror beneath the author's touch.

Midway in the book the central figure ventures outside the pyramid on a quest through death-haunted realms untrod by man for millions of years--and in his slow, minutely described, day-by-day progress over unthinkable leagues of immemorial blackness there is a sense of cosmic alienage, breathless mystery, and terrified expectancy unrivalled in the whole range of literature.  The last quarter of the book drags woefully, but fails to spoil the tremendous power of the whole.  Mr.  Hodgson's later volume, Carnacki, the Ghost-Finder, consists of several longish short stories published many years before in magazines.  In quality it falls conspicuously below the level of the other books.  We here find a more or less conventional stock figure of the "infallible detective" type--the progeny of M.  Dupin and Sherlock Holmes, and the close kin of Algernon Blackwood's John Silence--moving through scenes and events badly marred by an atmosphere of professional "occultism.[[A few of the episodes, however, are of undeniable power, and afford glimpses of the peculiar genius characteristic of the author.

Naturally it is impossible in brief sketch to trace out all the classic modern uses of the terror element.  The ingredient must of necessity enter into all work, both prose and verse, treating broadly of life; and we are therefore not surprised to find a share in such writers as the poet Browning, whose Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came is instinct with hideous menace, or the novelist Joseph Conrad, who often wrote of the dark secrets within the sea, and of the dæmoniac driving power of Fate as influencing the lives of lonely and maniacally resolute men.  Its trail is one of infinite ramifications; but we must here confine ourselves to its appearance in a relatively unmixed state, where it determines and dominates the work of art containing it.

Somewhat separate from the main British stream is that current of weirdness in Irish literature which came to the fore in the Celtic Renaissance of the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.  Ghost and fairy lore have always been of great prominence in Ireland, and for over a hundred years have been recorded by a line of such faithful transcribers and translators as William Carleton, T.  Crofton Croker, Lady Wilde--mother of Oscar Wilde--Douglas Hyde, and W.  B.  Yeats.  Brought to notice by the modern movement, this body of myth has been carefully collected and studied; and its salient features reproduced in the work of later figures like Yeats, J.  M.  Synge, "A.  E.," Lady Gregory, Padraic Colum, James Stephens and their colleagues.

Whilst on the whole more whimsically fantastic than terrible, such folklore and its consciously artistic counterparts contain much that falls truly within the domain of cosmic horror.  Tales of burials in sunken churches beneath haunted lakes, accounts of death-heralding banshees and sinister changelings, ballads of spectres and "the unholy creatures of the Raths]]--all these have their poignant and definite shivers, and mark a strong and distinctive element in weird literature.  Despite homely grotesqueness and absolute naiveté, there is genuine nightmare in the class of narrative represented by the yarn of Teig O ' Kane, who in punishment for his wild life was ridden all night by a hideous corpse that demanded burial and drove him from churchyard to churchyard as the dead rose up loathsomely in each one and refused to accommodate the newcomer with a berth.  Yeats, undoubtedly the greatest figure of the Irish revival if not the greatest of all living poets, has accomplished notable things both in original work and in the codification of old legends.

X.  The Modern Masters

The best horror-tales of today, profiting by the long evolution of the type, possess a naturalness, convincingness, artistic smoothness, and skilful intensity of appeal quite beyond comparison with anything in the Gothic work of a century or more ago.  Technique, craftsmanship, experience, and psychological knowledge have advanced tremendously with the passing years, so that much of the older work seems naive and artificial; redeemed, when redeemed at all, only by a genius which conquers heavy limitations.  The tone of jaunty and inflated romance, full of false motivation and investing every conceivable event with a counterfeit significance and carelessly inclusive glamour, is now confined to lighter and more whimiscal phases of supernatural writing.  Serious weird stories are either made realistically intense by dose consistency and perfect fidelity to Nature except in the one supernatural direction which the author allows himself, or else cast altogether in the realm of phantasy, with atmosphere cunningly adapted to the visualisation of a delicately exotic world of unreality beyond space and time, in which almost anything may happen if it but happen in true accord with certain types of imagination and illusion normal to the sensitive human brain.  This, at least, is the dominant tendency; though of course many great contemporary writers slip occasionally into some of the flashy postures of immature romanticism or into bits of the equally empty and absurd jargon of pseudo-scientific "occultism,[[now at one of its periodic high tides.

Of living creators of cosmic fear raised to its most artistic pitch, few if any can hope to equal the versatile Arthur Machen, author of some dozen tales long and short, in which the elements of hidden horror and brooding fright attain an almost incomparable substance and realistic acuteness.  Mr.  Machen, a general man of letters and master of an exquisitely lyrical and expressive prose style, has perhaps put more conscious effort into his picaresque Chronicles of Clemendy, his refreshing essays, his vivid autobiographical volumes, his fresh and spirited translations, and above all his memorable epic of the sensitive æsthetic mind, The Hill of Dreams, in which the youthful hero responds to the magic of that ancient Welsh environment which is the author's own, and lives a dream-life in the Roman city of Isca Silurum, now shrunk to the relic-strown village of Caerleon-on-Usk.  But the fact remains that his powerful horror-material of the nineties and earlier nineteen-hundreds stands alone in its class, and marks a distinct epoch in the history of this literary form.

Mr.  Machen, with an impressionable Celtic heritage linked to keen youthful memories of the wild domed hills, archaic forests, and cryptical Roman ruins of the Gwent countryside, has developed an imaginative life of rare beauty, intensity, and historic background.  He has absorbed the mediaeval mystery of dark woods and ancient customs, and is a champion of the Middle Ages in all things--including the Catholic faith.  He has yielded, likewise, to the spell of the Britanno-Roman life which once surged over his native region; and finds strange magic in the fortified camps, tessellated pavements, fragments of statues, and kindred things which tell of the day when classicism reigned and Latin was the language of the country.  A young American poet, Frank Belknap Long, has well summarised this dreamer's rich endowments and wizardry of expression in the sonnet On Reading Arthur Machen:


There is a glory in the autumn wood,
The ancient lanes of England wind and climb
Past wizard oaks and gorse and tangled thyme
To where a fort of mighty empire stood:
There is a glamour in the autumn sky;
The reddened clouds are writhing in the glow
Of some great fire, and there are glints below
Of tawny yellow where the embers die.
I wait, for he will show me, clear and cold,
High-rais ' d in splendour, sharp against the North,
The Roman eagles, and through mists of gold
The marching legions as they issue forth:
I wait, for I would share with him again
The ancient wisdom, and the ancient pain.


Of Mr.  Machen's horror-tales the most famous is perhaps The Great God Pan (1894) which tells of a singular and terrible experiment and its consequences.  A young woman, through surgery of the brain-cells, is made to see the vast and monstrous deity of Nature, and becomes an idiot in consequence, dying less than a year later.  Years afterward a strange, ominous, and foreign-looking child named Helen Vaughan is placed to board with a family in rural Wales, and haunts the woods in unaccountable fashion.  A little boy is thrown out of his mind at sight of someone or something he spies with her, and a young girl comes to a terrible end in similar fashion.  All this mystery is strangely interwoven with the Roman rural deities of the place, as sculptured in antique fragments.  After another lapse of years, a woman of strangely exotic beauty appears in society, drives her husband to horror and death, causes an artist to paint unthinkable paintings of Witches' Sabbaths, creates an epidemic of suicide among the men of her acquaintance, and is finally discovered to be a frequenter of the lowest dens of vice in London, where even the most callous degenerates are shocked at her enormities.  Through the clever comparing of notes on the part of those who have had word of her at various stages of her career, this woman is discovered to be the girl Helen Vaughan, who is the child--by no mortal father--of the young woman on whom the brain experiment was made.  She is a daughter of hideous Pan himself, and at the last is put to death amidst horrible transmutations of form involving changes of sex and a descent to the most primal manifestations of the life-principle.

But the charm of the tale is in the telling.  No one could begin to describe the cumulative suspense and ultimate horror with which every paragraph abounds without following fully the precise order in which Mr.  Machen unfolds his gradual hints and revelations.  Melodrama is undeniably present, and coincidence is stretched to a length which appears absurd upon analysis; but in the malign witchery of the tale as a whole these trifles are forgotten, and the sensitive reader reaches the end with only an appreciative shudder and a tendency to repeat the words of one of the characters: "It is too incredible, too monstrous; such things can never be in this quiet world....  Why, man, if such a case were possible, our earth would be a nightmare."

Less famous and less complex in plot than The Great God Pan, but definitely finer in atmosphere and general artistic value, is the curious and dimly disquieting chronicle called The White People, whose central portion purports to be the diary or notes of a little girl whose nurse has introduced her to some of the forbidden magic and soul-blasting traditions of the noxious witch-cult--the cult whose whispered lore was handed down long lines of peasantry throughout Western Europe, and whose members sometimes stole forth at night, one by one, to meet in black woods and lonely places for the revolting orgies of the Witches' Sabbath.  Mr.  Machen's narrative, a triumph of skilful selectiveness and restraint, accumulates enormous power as it flows on in a stream of innocent childish prattle, introducing allusions to strange "nymphs,[[[[Dols,[[[[voolas,[[[[white, green, and scarlet ceremonies," "Aklo letters," "Chian language," "Mao games," and the like.  The rites learned by the nurse from her witch grandmother are taught to the child by the time she is three years old, and her artless accounts of the dangerous secret revelations possess a lurking terror generously mixed with pathos.  Evil charms well known to anthropologists are described with juvenile naiveté, and finally there comes a winter afternoon journey into the old Welsh hills, performed under an imaginative spell which lends to the wild scenery an added weirdness, strangeness, and suggestion of grotesque sentience.  The details of this journey are given with marvellous vividness, and form to the keen critic a masterpiece of fantastic writing, with almost unlimited power in the intimation of potent hideousness and cosmic aberration.  At length the child--whose age is then thirteen--comes upon a cryptic and banefully beautiful thing in the midst of a dark and inaccessible wood.  In the end horror overtakes her in a manner deftly prefigured by an anecdote in the prologue, but she poisons herself in time.  Like the mother of Helen Vaughan in The Great God Pan, she has seen that frightful deity.  She is discovered dead in the dark wood beside the cryptic thing she found; and that thing--a whitely luminous statue of Roman workmanship about which dire mediæval rumours had clustered--is affrightedly hammered into dust by the searchers.

In the episodic novel of The Three Impostors, a work whose, merit as a whole is somewhat marred by an imitation of the jaunty Stevenson manner, occur certain tales which perhaps represent the highwater mark of Machen's skill as a terror-weaver.  Here we find in its most artistic form a favourite weird conception of the author ' s; the notion that beneath the mounds and rocks of the wild Welsh hills dwell subterraneously that squat primitive race whose vestiges gave rise to our common folk legends of fairies, elves, and the "little people," and whose acts are even now responsible for certain unexplained disappearances, and occasional substitutions of strange dark "changelings "for normal infants.  This theme receives its finest treatment in the episode entitled The Novel Of The Black Seal; where a professor, having discovered a singular identity between certain characters scrawled on Welsh limestone rocks and those existing in a prehistoric black seal from Babylon, sets out on a course of discovery which leads him to unknown and terrible things.  A queer passage in the ancient geographer Solinus, a series of mysterious disappearances in the lonely reaches of Wales, a strange idiot son born to a rural mother after a fright in which her inmost faculties were shaken; all these things suggest to the professor a hideous connection and a condition revolting to any friend and respecter of the human race.  He hires the idiot boy, who jabbers strangely at times in a repulsive hissing voice, and is subject to odd epileptic seizures.  Once, after such a seizure in the professor's study by night, disquieting odours and evidences of unnatural presences are found; and soon after that the professor leaves a bulky document and goes into the weird hills with feverish expectancy and strange terror in his heart.  He never returns, but beside a fantastic stone in the wild country are found his watch, money, and ring, done up with catgut in a parchment bearing the same terrible characters as those on the black Babylonish seal and the rock in the Welsh mountains.

The bulky document explains enough to bring up the most hideous vistas.  Professor Gregg, from the massed evidence presented by the Welsh disappearances, the rock inscription, the accounts of ancient geographers, and the black seal, has decided that a frightful race of dark primal beings of immemorial antiquity and wide former diffusion still dwell beneath the hills of unfrequented Wales.  Further research has unriddled the message of the black seal, and proved that the idiot boy, a son of some father more terrible than mankind, is the heir of monstrous memories and possibilities.  That strange night in the study the professor invoked "the awful transmutation of the hills" by the aid of the black seal, and aroused in the hybrid idiot the horrors of his shocking paternity.  He "saw his body swell and become distended as a bladder, while the face blackened...." And then the supreme effects of the invocation appeared, and Professor Gregg knew the stark frenzy of cosmic panic in its darkest form.  He knew the abysmal gulfs of abnormality that he had opened, and went forth into the wild hills prepared and resigned.  He would meet the unthinkable "Little People]]--and his document ends with a rational observation: "If unhappily I do not return from my journey, there is no need to conjure up here a picture of the awfulness of my fate."

Also in The Three Imposters is the Novel of the White Powder, which approaches the absolute culmination of loathsome fright.  Francis Leicester, a young law student nervously worn out by seclusion and overwork, has a prescription filled by an old apothecary none too careful about the state of his drugs.  The substance, it later turns out, is an unusual salt which time and varying temperature have accidentally changed to something very strange and terrible; nothing less, in short, than the mediæval vinum sabbati, whose consumption at the horrible orgies of the Witches' Sabbath gave rise to shocking transformations and--if injudiciously used--to unutterable consequences.  Innocently enough, the youth regularly imbibes the powder in a glass of water after meals; and at first seems substantially benefited.  Gradually, however, his improved spirits take the form of dissipation; he is absent from home a great deal, and appears to have undergone a repellent psychological change.  One day an odd livid spot appears on his right hand, and he afterward returns to his seclusion; finally keeping himself shut within his room and admitting none of the household.  The doctor calls for an interview, and departs in a palsy of horror, saying that he can do no more in that house.  Two weeks later the patient's sister, walking outside, sees a monstrous thing at the sickroom window; and servants report that food left at the locked door is no longer touched.  Summons at the door bring only a sound of shuffling and a demand in a thick gurgling voice to be let alone.  At last an awful happening is reported by a shuddering housemaid.  The ceiling of the room below Leicester's is stained with a hideous black fluid, and a pool of viscid abomination has dripped to the bed beneath.  Dr.  Haberden, now persuaded to return to the house, breaks down the young man's door and strikes again and again with an iron bar at the blasphemous semiliving thing he finds there.  It is "a dark and putrid mass, seething with corruption and hideous rottenness, neither liquid nor solid, but melting and changing." Burning points like eyes shine out of its midst, and before it is dispatched it tries to lift what might have been an arm.  Soon afterward the physician, unable to endure the memory of what he has beheld, dies at sea while bound for a new life in America.  Mr.  Machen returns to the dæmoniac "Little People" in The Red Hand and The Shining Pyramid; and in The Terror, a wartime story, he treats with very potent mystery the effect of man's modern repudiation of spirituality on the beasts of the world, which are thus led to question his supremacy and to unite for his extermination.  Of utmost delicacy, and passing from mere horror into true mysticism, is The Great Return, a story of the Graal, also a product of the war period.  Too well known to need description here is the tale of The Bowmen; which, taken for authentic narration, gave rise to the widespread legend of the "Angels of Mons]]--ghosts of the old English archers of Crecy and Agincourt who fought in 1914 beside the hard-pressed ranks of England's glorious "Old Contemptibles."

Less intense than Mr.  Machen in delineating the extremes of stark fear, yet infinitely more closely wedded to the idea of an unreal world constantly pressing upon ours is the inspired and prolific Algernon Blackwood, amidst whose voluminous and uneven work may be found some of the finest spectral literature of this or any age.  Of the quality of Mr.  Blackwood's genius there can be no dispute; for no one has even approached the skill, seriousness, and minute fidelity with which he records the overtones of strangeness in ordinary things and experiences, or the preternatural insight with which he builds up detail by detail the complete sensations and perceptions leading from reality into supernormal life or vision.  Without notable command of the poetic witchery of mere words, he is the one absolute and unquestioned master of weird atmosphere; and can evoke what amounts almost to a story from a simple fragment of humourless psychological description.  Above all others he understands how fully some sensitive minds dwell forever on the borderland of dream, and how relatively slight is the distinction betwixt those images formed from actual objects and those excited by the play of the imagination.

Mr.  Blackwood's lesser work is marred by several defects such as ethical didacticism, occasional insipid whimsicality, the flatness of benignant supernaturalism, and a too free use of the trade jargon of modem "occultism.[[A fault of his more serious efforts is that diffuseness and long-windedness which results from an excessively elaborate attempt, under the handicap of a somewhat bald and journalistic style devoid of intrinsic magic, colour, and vitality, to visualise precise sensations and nuances of uncanny suggestion.  But in spite of all this, the major products of Mr.  Blackwood attain a genuinely classic level, and evoke as does nothing else in literature in awed convinced sense of the imminence of strange spiritual spheres of entities.

The well-nigh endless array of Mr.  Blackwood's fiction includes both novels and shorter tales, the latter sometimes independent and sometimes arrayed in series.  Foremost of all must be reckoned The Willows, in which the nameless presences on a desolate Danube island are horribly felt and recognised by a pair of idle voyagers.  Here art and restraint in narrative reach their very highest development, and an impression of lasting poignancy is produced without a, single strained passage or a single false note.  Another amazingly potent though less artistically finished tale is The Wendigo, where we are confronted by horrible evidences of a vast forest dæmon about which North Woods lumbermen whisper at evening.  The manner in which certain footprints tell certain unbelievable things is really a marked triumph in craftsmanship.  In An Episode in a Lodging House we behold frightful presences summoned out of black space by a sorcerer, and The Listener tells of the awful psychic residuum creeping about an old house where a leper died.  In the volume titled Incredible Adventures occur some of the finest tales which the author has yet produced, leading the fancy to wild rites on nocturnal hills, to secret and terrible aspects lurking behind stolid scenes, and to unimaginable vaults of mystery below the sands and pyramids of Egypt; all with a serious finesse and delicacy that convince where a cruder or lighter treatment would merely amuse.  Some of these accounts are hardly stories at all, but rather studies in elusive impressions and half-remembered snatches of dream.  Plot is everywhere negligible, and atmosphere reigns untrammelled.

John Silence--Physician Extraordinary is a book of five related tales, through which a single character runs his triumphant course.  Marred only by traces of the popular and conventional detective-story atmosphere--for Dr.  Silence is one of those benevolent geniuses who employ their remarkable powers to aid worthy fellow-men in difficulty--these narratives contain some of the author's best work, and produce an illusion at once emphatic and lasting.  The opening tale, A Psychical Invasion, relates what befell a sensitive author in a house once the scene of dark deeds, and how a legion of fiends was exorcised.  Ancient Sorceries, perhaps the finest tale in the book, gives an almost hypnotically vivid account of an old French town where once the unholy Sabbath was kept by all the people in the form of cats.  In The Nemesis of Fire a hideous elemental is evoked by new-spilt blood, whilst Secret Worship tells of a German school where Satanism held sway, and where long afterward an evil aura remained.  The Camp of the Dog is a werewolf tale, but is weakened by moralisation and professional "occultism.[[

Too subtle, perhaps, for definite classification as horror-tales, yet possibly more truly artistic in an absolute sense, are such delicate phantasies as Jimbo or The Centaur.  Mr.  Blackwood achieves in these novels a close and palpitant approach to the inmost substance of dream, and works enormous havoc with the conventional barriers between reality and imagination.

Unexcelled in the sorcery of crystalline singing prose, and supreme in the creation of a gorgeous and languorous world of iridescently exotic vision, is Edward John Moreton Drax Plunkett, Eighteenth Baron Dunsany, whose tales and short plays form an almost unique element in our literature.  Inventor of a new mythology and weaver of surprising folklore, Lord Dunsany stands dedicated to a strange world of fantastic beauty, and pledged to eternal warfare against the coarseness and ugliness of diurnal reality.  His point of view is the most truly cosmic of any held in the literature of any period.  As sensitive as Poe to dramatic values and the significance of isolated words and details, and far better equipped rhetorically through a simple lyric style based on the prose of the King James Bible, this author draws with tremendous effectiveness on nearly every body of myth and legend within the circle of European culture; producing a composite or eclectic cycle of phantasy in which Eastern colour, Hellenic form, Teutonic sombreness and Celtic wistfulness are so superbly blended that each sustains and supplements the rest without sacrifice or perfect congruity and homogeneity.  In most cases Dunsany's lands are fabulous--[[beyond the East," or "at the edge of the world." His system of original personal and place names, with roots drawn from classical, Oriental, and other sources, is a marvel of versatile inventiveness and poetic discrimination; as one may see from such specimens as "Argimenes,[[[[Bethmoora,[[[[Poltarnees,[[[[Camorak,[[[[Iluriel,[[or "Sardathrion.[[

Beauty rather than terror is the keynote of Dunsany's work.  He loves the vivid green of jade and of copper domes, and the delicate flush of sunset on the ivory minarets of impossible dream-cities.  Humour and irony, too, are often present to impart a gentle cynicism and modify what might otherwise possess a naïve intensity.  Nevertheless, as is inevitable in a master of triumphant unreality, there are occasional touches of cosmic fright which come well within the authentic tradition.  Dunsany loves to hint slyly and adroitly of monstrous things and incredible dooms, as one hints in a fairy tale.  In The Book of Wonder we read of Hlo-Hlo, the gigantic spider-idol which does not always stay at home; of what the Sphinx feared in the forest; of Slith, the thief who jumps over the edge of the world after seeing a certain light lit and knowing who lit it; of the anthropophagous; Gibbelins, who inhabit an evil tower and guard a treasure; of the Gnoles, who live in the forest and from whom it is not well to steal; of the City of Never, and the eyes that watch in the Under Pits; and of kindred things of darkness.  A Dreamer's Tales tells of the mystery that sent forth all men from Bethmoora in the desert; of the vast gate of Perdondaris, that was carved from a single piece of ivory; and of the voyage of poor old Bill, whose captain cursed the crew and paid calls on nasty-looking isles new-risen from the sea, with low thatched cottages having evil, obscure windows.

Many of Dunsany's short plays are replete with spectral fear.  In The Gods of the Mountain seven beggars impersonate the seven green idols on a distant hill, and enjoy ease and honour in a city of worshippers until they hear that the real idols are missing from their wonted seats.  A very ungainly sight in the dusk is reported to them--[[rock should not walk in the evening]]--and at last, as they sit awaiting the arrival of a troop of dancers, they note that the approaching footsteps are heavier than those of good dancers ought to be.  Then things ensue, and in the end the presumptuous blasphemers are turned to green jade statues by the very walking statues whose sanctity they outraged.  But mere plot is the very least merit of this marvellously effective play.  The incidents and developments are those of a supreme master, so that the whole forms one of the most important contributions of the present age not only to drama, but to literature in general.  A Night at an Inn tells of four thieves who have stolen the emerald eye of Klesh, a monstrous Hindoo god.  They lure to their room and succeed in slaying the three priestly avengers who are on their track, but in the night Mesh comes gropingly for his eye; and having gained it and departed, calls each of the despoilers out into the darkness for an unnamed punishment.  In The Laughter of the Gods there is a doomed city at the jungle's edge, and a ghostly lutanist heard only by those about to die (cf.  Alice's spectral harpsichord in Hawthorne's House of the Seven Gables); whilst The Queen's Enemies retells the anecdote of Herodotus in which a vengeful princess invites her foes to a subterranean banquet and lets in the Nile to drown them.  But no amount of mere description can convey more than a fraction of Lord Dunsany's pervasive charm.  His prismatic cities and unheard of rites are touched with a sureness which only mastery can engender, and we thrill with a sense of actual participation in his secret mysteries.  To the truly imaginative he is a talisman and a key unlocking rich storehouses of dream and fragmentary memory; so that we may think of him not only as a poet, but as one who makes each reader a poet as well.

At the opposite pole of genius from Lord Dunsany, and gifted with an almost diabolic power of calling horror by gentle steps from the midst of prosaic daily life, is the scholarly Montague Rhodes James, Provost of Eton College, antiquary of note, and recognized authority on mediæval manuscripts and cathedral history.  Dr.  James, long fond of telling spectral tales at Christmastide, has become by slow degrees a literary weird fictionist of the very first rank; and has developed a distinctive style and method likely to serve as models for an enduring line of disciples.

The art of Dr.  James is by no means haphazard, and in the preface to one of his collections he has formulated three very sound rules for macabre composition.  A ghost story, he believes, should have a familiar setting in the modem period, in order to approach closely the reader's sphere of experience.  Its spectral phenomena, moreover, should be malevolent rather than beneficent; since fear is the emotion primarily to be excited.  And finally, the technical patois of "occultism "or pseudo-science ought carefully to be avoided; lest the charm of casual verisimilitude be smothered in unconvincing pedantry.

Dr.  James, practicing what he preaches, approaches his themes in a light and often conversational way.  Creating the illusion of every-day events, he introduces his abnormal phenomena cautiously and gradually; relieved at every turn by touches of homely and prosaic detail, and sometimes spiced with a snatch or two of antiquarian scholarship.  Conscious of the dose relation between present weirdness and accumulated tradition, he generally provides remote historical antecedents for his incidents; thus being able to utilise very aptly his exhaustive knowledge of the past, and his ready and convincing command of archaic diction and colouring.  A favourite scene for a James tale is some centuried cathedral, which the author can describe with all the familiar minuteness of a specialist in that field.

Sly humourous vignettes and bits of lifelike genre portraiture and characterisation are often to be found in Dr.  James's narratives, and serve in his skilled hands to augment the general effect rather than to spoil it, as the same qualities would tend to do with a lesser craftsman.  In inventing a new type of ghost, he has departed considerably from the conventional Gothic tradition; for where the older stock ghosts were pale and stately, and apprehended chiefly through the sense of sight, the average James ghost is lean, dwarfish, and hairy--a sluggish, hellish night--abomination midway betwixt beast and man--and usually touched before it is seen.  Sometimes the spectre is of still more eccentric composition; a roll of flannel with spidery eyes, or an invisible entity which moulds itself in bedding and shows a face of crumpled linen.  Dr.  James has, it is clear, an intelligent and scientific knowledge of human nerves and feelings; and knows just how to apportion statement, imagery, and subtle suggestions in order to secure the best results with his readers.  He is an artist in incident and arrangement rather than in atmosphere, and reaches the emotions more often through the intellect than directly.  This method, of course, with its occasional absences of sharp climax, has its drawbacks as well as its advantages; and many will miss the thorough atmospheric tension which writers like Machen are careful to build up with words and scenes.  But only a few of the tales are open to the charge of tameness.  Generally the laconic unfolding of abnormal events in adroit order is amply sufficient to produce the desired effect of cumulative horror.

The short stories of Dr.  James are contained in four small collections, entitled respectively Ghost Stories of an Antiquary, More Ghost Stories of an Antiquary, A Thin Ghost and Others, and A Warning to the Curious.  There is also a delightful juvenile phantasy, The Five Jars, which has its spectral adumbrations.  Amidst this wealth of material it is hard to select a favourite or especially typical tale, though each reader will no doubt have such preferences as his temperament may determine.

Count Magnus is assuredly one of the best, forming as it does a veritable Golconda of suspense and suggestion.  Mr.  Wraxall is an English traveller of the middle nineteenth century, sojourning in Sweden to secure material for a book.  Becoming interested in the ancient family of De La Gardie, near the village of Raback, he studies its records; and finds particular fascination in the builder of the existing Manor-house, one Count Magnus, of whom strange and terrible things are whispered.  The Count, who flourished early in the seventeenth century, was a stern landlord, and famous for his severity toward poachers and delinquent tenants.  His cruel punishments were bywords, and there were dark rumours of influences which even survived his interment in the great mausoleum he built near the church--as in the case of the two peasants who hunted on his preserves one night a century after his death.  There were hideous screams in the woods, and near the tomb of Count Magnus an unnatural laugh and the clang of a great door.  Next morning the priest found the two men; one a maniac, and the other dead, with the flesh of his face sucked from the bones.

Mr.  Wraxall hears all these tales, and stumbles on more guarded references to a Black Pilgrimage once taken by the Count, a pilgrimage to Chorazin in Palestine, one of the cities denounced by Our Lord in the Scriptures, and in which old priests say that Antichrist is to be born.  No one dares to hint just what that Black Pilgrimage was, or what strange being or thing the Count brought back as a companion.  Meanwhile Mr.  Wraxall is increasingly anxious to explore the mausoleum of Count Magnus, and finally secures permission to do so, in the company of a deacon.  He finds several monuments and three copper sarcophagi, one of which is the Count ' s.  Round the edge of this latter are several bands of engraved scenes, including a singular and hideous delineation of a pursuit--the pursuit of a frantic man through a forest by a squat muffled figure with a devil-fish ' s tentacle, directed by a tall cloaked man on a neighbouring hillock.  The sarcophagus has three massive steel padlocks, one of which is lying open on the floor, reminding the traveller of a metallic clash he heard the day before when passing the mausoleum and wishing idly that he might see Count Magnus.

His fascination augmented, and the key being accessible, Mr.  Wraxall pays the mausoleum a second and solitary visit and finds another padlock unfastened.  The next day, his last in Raback, he again goes alone to bid the long-dead Count farewell.  Once more queerly impelled to utter a whimsical wish for a meeting with the buried nobleman, he now sees to his disquiet that only one of the padlocks remains on the great sarcophagus.  Even as he looks, that last lock drops noisily to the floor, and there comes a sound as of creaking hinges.  Then the monstrous lid appears very slowly to rise, and Mr.  Wraxall flees in panic fear without refastening the door of the mausoleum.

During his return to England the traveller feels a curious uneasiness about his fellow-passengers on the canal-boat which he employs for the earlier stages.  Cloaked figures make him nervous, and he has a sense of being watched and followed.  Of twenty-eight persons whom he counts, only twenty-six appear at meals; and the missing two are always a tall cloaked man and a shorter muffled figure.  Completing his water travel at Harwich, Mr.  Wraxall takes frankly to flight in a closed carriage, but sees two cloaked figures at a crossroad.  Finally he lodges at a small house in a village and spends the time making frantic notes.  On the second morning he is found dead, and during the inquest seven jurors faint at sight of the body.  The house where he stayed is never again inhabited, and upon its demolition half a century later his manuscript is discovered in a forgotten cupboard.

In The Treasure of Abbot Thomas a British antiquary unriddles a cipher on some Renaissance painted windows, and thereby discovers a centuried hoard of gold in a niche halfway down a well in the courtyard of a German abbey.  But the crafty depositor had set a guardian over that treasure, and something in the black well twines its arms around the searcher's neck in such a manner that the quest is abandoned, and a clergyman sent for.  Each night after that the discoverer feels a stealthy presence and detects a horrible odour of mould outside the door of his hotel room, till finally the clergyman makes a daylight replacement of the stone at the mouth of the treasure-vault in the well--out of which something had come in the dark to avenge the disturbing of old Abbot Thomas's gold.  As he completes his work the cleric observes a curious toad-like carving on the ancient well-head, with the Latin motto "Depositum custodi--keep that which is committed to thee."

Other notable James tales are The Stalls of Barchester Cathedral, in which a grotesque carving comes curiously to life to avenge the secret and subtle murder of an old Dean by his ambitious successor: Oh, Whistle, and I'll Come to You, which tells of the horror summoned by a strange metal whistle found in a mediævel church ruin; and An Episode of Cathedral History, where the dismantling of a pulpit uncovers an archaic tomb whose lurking daemon spreads panic and pestilence.  Dr.  James, for all his light touch, evokes fright and hideousness in their most shocking form, and will certainly stand as one of the few really creative masters in his darksome province.

For those who relish speculation regarding the future, the tale of supernatural horror provides an interesting field.  Combated by a mounting wave of plodding realism, cynical flippancy, and sophisticated disillusionment, it is yet encouraged by a parallel tide of growing mysticism, as developed both through the fatigued reaction of "occultists "and religious fundamentalists against materialistic discovery and through the stimulation of wonder and fancy by such enlarged vistas and broken barriers as modern science has given us with its intra-atomic chemistry, advancing astrophysics, doctrines of relativity, and probings into biology and human thought.  At the present moment the favouring forces would appear to have somewhat of an advantage; since there is unquestionably more cordiality shown toward weird writings than when, thirty years ago, the best of Arthur Machen's work fell on the stony ground of the smart and cocksure 'nineties.  Ambrose Bierce, almost unknown in his own time, has now reached something like general recognition.

Startling mutations, however, are not to be looked for in either direction.  In any case an approximate balance of tendencies will continue to exist; and while we may justly expect a further subtilisation of technique, we have no reason to think that the general position of the spectral in literature will be altered.  It is a narrow though essential branch of human expression, and will chiefly appeal as always to a limited audience with keen special sensibilities.  Whatever universal masterpiece of tomorrow may be wrought from phantasm or terror will owe its acceptance rather to a supreme workmanship than to a sympathetic theme.  Yet who shall declare the dark theme a positive handicap? Radiant with beauty, the Cup of the Ptolemies was carven of onyx.


After twenty-two years of nightmare and terror, saved only by a desperate conviction of the mythical source of certain impressions, I am unwilling to vouch for the truth of that which I think I found in Western Australia on the night of 17-18 July 1935.  There is reason to hope that my experience was wholly or partly an hallucination-for which, indeed, abundant causes existed.  And yet, its realism was so hideous that I sometimes find hope impossible.

If the thing did happen, then man must be prepared to accept notions of the cosmos, and of his own place in the seething vortex of time, whose merest mention is paralysing.  He must, too, be placed on guard against a specific, lurking peril which, though it will never engulf the whole race, may impose monstrous and unguessable horrors upon certain venturesome members of it.

It is for this latter reason that I urge, with all the force of my being, final abandonment of all the attempts at unearthing those fragments of unknown, primordial masonry which my expedition set out to investigate.

Assuming that I was sane and awake, my experience on that night was such as has befallen no man before.  It was, moreover, a frightful confirmation of all I had sought to dismiss as myth and dream.  Mercifull there is no proof, for in my fright I lost the awesome object which would-if real and brought out of that noxious abyss-have formed irrefutable evidence.

When I came upon the horror I was alone-and I have up to now told no one about it.  I could not stop the others from digging in its direction, but chance and the shifting sand have so far saved them from finding it.  Now I must formulate some definite statement-not only for the sake of my own mental balance, but to warn such others as may read it seriously.

These pages-much in whose earlier parts will be familiar to close readers of the general and scientific press-are written in the cabin of the ship that is bringing me home.  I shall give them to my son, Professor Wingate Peaslee of Miskatonic University-the only member of my family who stuck to me after my queer amnesia of long ago, and the man best informed on the inner facts of my case.  Of all living persons, he is least likely to ridicule what I shall tell of that fateful night.

I did not enlighten him orally before sailing, because I think he had better have the revelation in written form.  Reading and re-reading at leisure will leave with him a more convincing picture than my confused tongue could hope to convey.

He can do anything that he thinks best with this account-showing it, with suitable comment, in any quarters where it will be likely to accomplish good.  It is for the sake of such readers as are unfamiliar with the earlier phases of my case that I am prefacing the revelation itself with a fairly ample summary of its background.

My name is Nathaniel Wingate Peaslee, and those who recall the newspaper tales of a generation back-or the letters and articles in psychological journals six or seven years ago-will know who and what I am.  The press was filled with the details of my strange amnesia in 1908-13, and much was made of the traditions of horror, madness, and witchcraft which lurked behind the ancient Massachusetts town then and now forming my place of residence.  Yet I would have it known that there is nothing whatever of the mad or sinister in my heredity and early life.  This is a highly important fact in view of the shadow which fell so suddenly upon me from outside sources.

It may be that centuries of dark brooding had given to crumbling, whisper-haunted Arkham a peculiar vulnerability as regards such shadows-though even this seems doubtful in the light of those other cases which I later came to study.  But the chief point is that my own ancestry and background are altogether normal.  What came, came from somewhere else-where I even now hesitate to assert in plain words.

I am the son of Jonathan and Hannah (Wingate) Peaslee, both of wholesome old Haverhill stock.  I was born and reared in Haverhill-at the old homestead in Boardman Street near Golden Hill-and did not go to Arkham till I entered Miskatonic University as instructor of political economy in 1895.

For thirteen years more my life ran smoothly and happily.  I married Alice Keezar of Haverhill in 1896, and my three children, Robert, Wingate and Hannah were born in 1898, 1900, and 1903, respectively.  In 1898 I became an associate professor, and in 1902 a full professor.  At no time had I the least interest in either occultism or abnormal psychology.

It was on Thursday, 14 May 1908, that the queer amnesia came.  The thing was quite sudden, though later I realized that certain brief, glimmering visions of several, hours previous-chaotic visions which disturbed me greatly because they were so unprecedented-must have formed premonitory symptoms.  My head was aching, and I had a singular feeling-altogether new to me-that some one else was trying to get possession of my thoughts.

The collapse occurred about 10.  20 A.  M., while I was conducting a class in Political Economy VI-history and present tendencies of economics-for juniors and a few sophomores.  I began to see strange shapes before my eyes, and to feel that I was in a grotesque room other than the classroom.

My thoughts and speech wandered from my subject, and the students saw that something was gravely amiss.  Then I slumped down, unconscious, in my chair, in a stupor from which no one could arouse me.  Nor did my rightful faculties again look out upon the daylight of our normal world for five years, four months, and thirteen days.

It is, of course, from others that I have learned what followed.  I showed no sign of consciousness for sixteen and a half hours though removed to my home at 27 Crane Street, and given the best of medical attention.

At 3 A.  M.  May my eyes opened and began to speak and my family were thoroughly frightened by the trend of my expression and language.  It was clear that I had no remembrance of my identity and my past, though for some reason seemed anxious to conceal his lack of knowledge.  My eyes glazed strangely at the persons around me, and the flections of my facial muscles were altogether unfamiliar.

Even my speech seemed awkward and foreign.  I used my vocal organs clumsily and gropingly, and my diction had a curiously stilted quality, as if I had laboriously learned the English language from books.  The pronunciation was barbarously alien, whilst the idiom seemed to include both scraps of curious archaism and expressions of a wholly incomprehensible cast.

Of the latter, one in particular was very potently-even terrifiedly-recalled by the youngest of the physicians twenty years afterward.  For at that late period such a phrase began to have an actual currency-first in England and then in the United States-and though of much complexity and indisputable newness, it reproduced in every least particular the mystifying words of the strange Arkham patient of 1908.

Physical strength returned at once, although I required an odd amount of re-education in the use of my hands, legs, and bodily apparatus in general.  Because of this and other handicaps inherent in the mnemonic lapse, I was for some time kept under strict medical care.

When I saw that my attempts to conceal the lapse had failed, I admitted it openly, and became eager for information of all sorts.  Indeed, it seemed to the doctors that I lost interest in my proper personality as soon as I found the case of amnesia accepted as a natural thing.

They noticed that my chief efforts were to master certain points in history, science, art, language, and folklore-some of them tremendously abstruse, and some childishly simple-which remained, very oddly in many cases, outside my consciousness.

At the same time they noticed that I had an inexplicable command of many almost unknown sorts of knowledge-a command which I seemed to wish to hide rather than display.  I would inadvertently refer, with casual assurance, to specific events in dim ages outside of the range of accepted history-passing off such references as a jest when I saw the surprise they created.  And I had a way of speaking of the future which two or three times caused actual fright.

These uncanny flashes soon ceased to appear, though some observers laid their vanishment more to a certain furtive caution on my part than to any waning of the strange knowledge behind them.  Indeed, I seemed anomalously avid to absorb the speech, customs, and perspectives of the age around me; as if I were a studious traveller from a far, foreign land.

As soon as permitted, I haunted the college library at all hours; and shortly began to arrange for those odd travels, and special courses at American and European Universities, which evoked so much comment during the next few years.

I did not at any time suffer from a lack of learned contacts, for my case had a mild celebrity among the psychologists of the period.  I was lectured upon as a typical example of secondary personality-even though I seemed to puzzle the lecturers now and then with some bizarre symptoms or some queer trace of carefully veiled mockery.

Of real friendliness, however, I encountered little.  Something in my aspect and speech seemed to excite vague fears and aversions in every one I met, as if I were a being infinitely removed from all that is normal and healthful.  This idea of a black, hidden horror connected with incalculable gulfs of some sort of distance was oddly widespread and persistent.

My own family formed no exception.  From the moment of my strange waking my wife had regarded me with extreme horror and loathing, vowing that I was some utter alien usurping the body of her husband.  In 1910 she obtained a legal divorce, nor would she ever consent to see me even after my return to normality in 1913.  These feelings were shared by my elder son and my small daughter, neither of whom I have ever seen since.

Only my second son, Wingate, seemed able to conquer the terror and repulsion which my change aroused.  He indeed felt that I was a stranger, but though only eight years old held fast to a faith that my proper self would return.  When it did return he sought me out, and the courts gave me his custody.  In succeeding years he helped me with the studies to which I was driven, and today, at thirty-five, he is a professor of psychology at Miskatonic.

But I do not wonder at the horror caused-for certainly, the mind, voice, and facial expression of the being that awakened on l5 May 1908, were not those of Nathaniel Wingate Peastee.

I will not attempt to tell much of my life from 1908 to 1913, since readers may glean I the outward essentials-as I largely had to do-from files of old newspapers and scientific journals.

I was given charge of my funds, and spent them slowly and on the whole wisely, in travel and in study at various centres of learning.  My travels, however, were singular in the extreme, involving long visits to remote and desolate places.

In 1909 I spent a month in the Himalayas, and in 1911 roused much attention through a camel trip into the unknown deserts of Arabia.  What happened on those journeys I have never been able to learn.

During the summer of l9l2 I chartered a ship and sailed in the Arctic, north of Spitzbergen, afterward showing signs of disappointment.

Later in that year I spent weeks-alone beyond the limits of previous or subsequent exploration in the vast limestone cavern systems of western Virginia-black labyrinths so complex that no retracing of my steps could even be considered.

My sojourns at the universities were marked by abnormally rapid assimilation, as if the secondary personality had an intelligence enormously superior to my own.  I have found, also, that my rate of reading and solitary study was phenomenal.  I could master every detail of a book merely by glancing over it as fast as I could turn the leaves; while my skill at interpreting complex figures in an instant was veritably awesome.

At times there appeared almost ugly reports of my power to influence the thoughts and acts of others, though I seemed to have taken care to minimize displays of this faculty.

Other ugly reports concerned my intimacy with leaders of occultist groups, and scholars suspected of connection with nameless bands of abhorrent elder-world hierophants.  These rumours, though never proved at the time, were doubtless stimulated by the known tenor of some of my reading-for the consulltation of rare books at libraries cannot be effected secretly.

There is tangible proof-in the form of marginal notes-that I went minutely through such things as the Comte d ' Erlette ' s Cultes des Goules, Ludvig Prinn's De Vermis Mysteriis, the
Unaussprechlichen Kulten of von Junzt, the surviving fragments of the puzzling Book of Eibon, and the dreaded Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred.  Then, too, it is undeniable that a fresh and evil wave of underground cult activity set in about the time of my odd mutation.

In the summer of 1913 I began to display signs of ennui and flagging interest, and to hint to various associates that a change might soon be expected in me.  I spoke of returning memories of my earlier life-though most auditors judged me insincere, since all the recollections I gave were casual, and such as might have been learned from my old private papers.

About the middle of August I returned to Arkham and re-opened my long-closed house in Crane Street.  Here I installed a mechanism of the most curious aspect, constructed piecemeal by different makers of scientific apparatus in Europe and America, and guarded carefully from the sight of any one intelligent enough to analyse it.

Those who did see it-a workman, a servant, and the new housekeeper-say that it was a queer mixture of rods, wheels, and mirros, though only about two feet tall, one foot wide, and one foot thick.  The central mirror was circular and convex.  All this is borne out by such makers of parts as can be located.

On the evening of Friday, 26 September, I dismissed the housekeeper and the maid until noon of the next day.  Lights burned in the house till late, and a lean, dark, curiously foreign-looking man called in an automobile.

It was about one A.  M.  that the lights were last seen.  At 2.  15 A.  M.  a policeman observed the place in darkness, but the strager's motor still at the curb.  By 4 o'clock the motor was certainly gone.

It was at 6 o'clock that a hesitant, foreign voice on the telephone asked Dr Wilson to call at my house and bring me out of a peculiar faint.  This call-a long-distance one-was later traced to a public booth in the North Station in Boston, but no sign of the lean foreigner was ever unearthed.

When the doctor reached my house he found me unconscious in the sitting room-in an easy-chair with a table drawn up before it.  On the polished top were scratches showing where some heavy object had rested.  The queer machine was gone, nor was anything afterward heard of it.  Undoubtedly the dark, lean foreigner had taken it away.

In the library grate were abundant ashes, evidently left from the burning of the every remainmg scrap of paper on which I had written since the advent of the amnesia.  Dr Wilson found my breathing very peculiar, but after a hypodermic injection it became more regular.

At 11.  15 A.  M., 27 September, I stirred vigorously, and my hitherto masklike face began to show signs of expression.  Dr Wilson remarked that the expression was not that of my secondary personality, but seemed much like that of my normal self.  About 11.  30 I muttered some very curious syllables-syllables which seemed unrelated to any human speech.  I appeared, too, to struggle against something.  Then, just afternoon-the housekeeper and the maid having meanwhile returned-I began to mutter in English.

[[- of the orthodox economists of that period, Jevons typifies the prevailing trend toward scientific correlation.  His attempt to link the commercial cycle of prosperity and depression with the physical cycle of the solar spots forms perhaps the apex of -]]

Nathaniel Wingate Peaslee had come back-a spirit in whose time scale it was still Thursday morning in 1908, with the economics class gazing up at the battered desk on the platform.


II

My reabsorption into normal life was a painful and difficult process.  The loss of over five years creates more complications than can be imagined, and in my case there were countless matters to be adjusted.

What I heard of my actions since 1908 astonished and disturbed me, but I tried to view the matter as philosophically as I could.  At last, regaining custody of my second son, Wingate, I settled down with him in the Crane Street house and endeavoured to resume my teaching-my old professorship having been kindly offered me by the college.

I began work with the February, 1914, term, and kept at it just a year.  By that time I realized how badly my experience had shaken me.  Though perfectly sane-I hoped-and with no flaw in my original personality, I had not the nervous energy of the old days.  Vague dreams and queer ideas continually haunted me, and when the outbreak of the World War turned my mind to history I found myself thinking of periods and events in the oddest possible fashion.

My conception of time, my ability to distinguish between consecutiveness and simultaneousness-seemed subtly disordered so that I formed chimerical notions about living in one age and casting one's mind all over etenity for knowledge of past and future ages.

The war gave me strange impressions of remembering some of its far-off consequences-as if I knew how it was coming out and could look back upon it in the light of future information.  All such quasi-memories were attended with much pain, and with a feeling that some artificial psychological barrier was set a against them.

When I diffidently hinted to others about my impressions I met with varied responses.  Some persons looked uncomfortably at me, but men in the mathematics department spoke of new developments in those theories of relativity-then discussed only in learned circles-which were later to become so famous.  Dr.  Albert Einstein, they said, was rapidly reducing time to the status of a mere dimension.

But the dreams and disturbed feelings gained on me, so that I had to drop my regular work in 1915.  Certainly the impressions were taking an annoying shape-giving me the persistent notion that my amnesia had formed some unholy sort of exchange; that the secondary personality had indeed had had suffered displacement.  been an in -

Thus I was driven to vague and fright speculations concerning the whereabouts of my true self during the years that another had held my body.  The curious knowledge and strange conduct of my body's late tenant troubled me more and more as I learned further details from persons, papers, and magazines.

Queernesses that had baffled others seemed to harmonize terribly with some background of black knowledge which festered in the chasms of my subconscious.  I began to search feverishly for every scrap of information bearing on the studies and travels of that other one during the dark years.

Not all of my troubles were as semi-abstract as this.  There were the dreams-and these seemed to grow in vividness and concreteness.  Knowing how most would regard them, I seldom mentioned them to anyone but my son or certain trusted psychologists, but eventually I commenced a scientific study of other cases in order to see how typical or nontypical such visions might be among amnesia victims.

My results, aided by psychologists, historians, anthropologists, and mental specialists of wide experience, and by a study that included all records of split personalities from the days of daemonic-possession legends to the medically realistic present, at first bothered me more than they consoled me.

I soon found that my dreams had, indeed, no counterpart in the overwhelming bulk of true amnesia cases.  There remained, however, a tiny residue of accounts which for years baffled and shocked me with their parallelism to my own experience.  Some of them were bits of ancient folklore; others were case histories in the annals of medicine; one or two were anecdotes obscurely buried in standard histories.

It thus appeared that, while my special kind of affliction was prodigiously rare, instances of it had occurred at long intervals ever since the beginnig of men's annals.  Some centuries might contain one, two, or three cases, others none-or at least none whose record survived.

The essence was always the same-a person of keen thoughtfulness seized a strange secondary life and leading for a greater or lesser period an utterly alien existence typified at first by vocal and bodily awkwardness, an later by a wholesale acquisition of scientific, historic, artistic, and anthropologic knowledge; an acquisition carried on with feverish zest and with a wholly abnormal absorptive power.  Then a sudden return of rightful consciousness, intermittently plagued ever after with vague unplaceable dreams suggesting fragments of some hideous memory elaborately blotted out.

And the close resemblance of those nightmares to my own-even in some of the smallest particulars-left no doubt in my mind of their significantly typical nature.  One or two of the cases had an added ring of faint, blasphemous familiarity, as if I had heard of them before through some cosmic channel too morbid and frightful to contemplate.  In three instances there was specific mention of such an unknown machine as had been in my house before the second change.

Another thing that worried me during my investigation was the somewhat greater frequency of cases where a brief, elusive glimpse of the typical nightmares was afforded to persons not visited well-defined amnesia.

These persons were largely of mediocre mind or less-some so primitive that they could scarcely be thought of as vehicles forabnormal scholarship and preternatural mental acquisitions.  For a second they would be fired with alien force-then a backward lapse, and a thin, swift-fading memory of unhuman horrors.

There had been at least three such cases during the past half century-one only fifteen years before.  Had something been groping blindly through time from some unsuspected abyss in Nature? Were these faint cases monstrous, sinister experiments of a kind and authorship uttely beyond same belief?

Such were a few of the forless speculations of my weaker hours-fancies abetted by myths which my studies uncovered.  For I could not doubt but that certain persistent legends of immemorial antiquity, apparently unknown to the victims and physicians connected with recent amnesia cases, formed a striking and awesome elaboration of memory lapses such as mine.

Of the nature of the dreams and impressions which were growing so clamorous I still almost fear to speak.  They seemed to savor of madness, and at times I believed I was indeed going mad.  Was there a special type of delusion afflicting those who had suffered lapses of memory? Conceivably, the efforts of the subconscious mind to fill up a perplexing blank with pseudo-memories might give rise to strange imaginative vagaries.

This indeed-though an alternative folklore theory finally seemed to me more plausible-was the belief of many of the alienists who helped me in my search for parallel cases, and who shared my puzzlement at the exact resemblances sometimes discovered.

They did not call the condition true insanity, but classed it rather among neurotic disorders.  My course in trying to track down and analyze it, instead of vaintly seeking to dismiss or forget it, they heartily endorsed as correct according to the best psychological principles.  I especially valued the advice of such physicians as had studied me during my possession by the other personality.

My first disturbances were not visual at all, but concerned the more abstract matters which I have mentioned.  There was, too, a feeling of profound and inexplicable horror concerning myself.  I developed a queer fear of seeing my own form, as if my eyes would find it something utterly alien and inconceivably abhorrent.

When I did glance down and behold the familiar human shape in quiet grey or blue clothing, I always felt a curious relief, though in order to gain this relief I had to conquer an infinite dread.  I shunned mirrors as much as possible, and was always shaved at the barber ' s.

It was a long time before I correlated any of these disappointed feelings with the fleeting, visual impressions which began to develop.  The first such correlation had to do with the odd sensation of an external, artificial restraint on my memory.

I felt that the snatches of sight I experienced had a profound and terrible meaning, and a frightful connexion with myself, but that some purposeful influence held me from grasping that meaning and that connexion.  Then came that queerness about the element of time, and with it desperate efforts to place the fragmentary dream-glimpses in the chronological and spatial pattern.

The glimpses themselves were at first merely strange rather than horrible.  I would seem to be in an enormous vaulted chamber whose lofty stone aroinings were well-nigh lost in the shadows overhead.  In whatever time or place the scene might be, the principle of the arch was known as fully and used as extensively as by the Romans.

There were colossal, round windows and high, arched doors, and pedestals or tables each as tall as the height of an ordinary room.  Vast shelves of dark wood lined the walls, holding what seemed to be volumes of immense size with strange hieroglyphs on their backs.

The exposed stonework held curious carvings, always in curvilinear mathematical designs, and there were chiselled inscriptions in the same characters that the huge books bore.  The dark granite masonry was of a monstrous megathic type, with lines of convex-topped blocks fitting the concave-bottomed courses which rested upon them.

There were no chairs, but the tops of the vast pedestals were littered with books, papers, and what seemed to be writing materials-oddly figured jars of a purplish metal, and rods with stained tips.  Tall as the pedestals were, I seemed at times able to view them from above.  On some of them were great globes of luminous crystal serving as lamps, and inexplicable machines formed of vitreous tubes and metal rods.

The windows were glazed, and latticed with stout-looking bars.  Though I dared not approach and peer out them, I could see from where I was he waving tops of singular fern-like growths.  The floor was of massive octagonal flagstones, while rugs and hangings were entirely lacking.

Later I had visions of sweeping through Cyclopean corridors of stone, and up and down gigantic inclined planes of the same monstrous masonry.  There were no stairs anywhere, nor was any passageway less than thirty feet wide.  Some of the structures through which I floated must have towered in the sky for thousands of feet.

There were multiple levels of black vaults below, and never-opened trapdoors, sealed down with metal bands and holding dim suggestions of some special peril.

I seemed to be a prisoner, and horror hung broodingly over everything I saw.  I felt that the mocking curvilinear hieroglyphs on the walls would blast my soul with their message were I not guarded by a merciful ignorance.

Still later my dreams included vistas from the great round windows, and from the titanic flat roof, with its curious gardens, wide barren area, and high, scalloped parapet of stone, to which the topmost of the inclined planes led.

There were, almost endless leagues of giant buildings, each in its garden, and ranged along paved roads fully 200 feet wide.  They differed greatly in aspect, but few were less than 500 feet square or a thousand feet high.  Many seemed so limitless that they must have had a frontage of several thousand feet, while some shot up to mountainous altitudes in the grey, steamy heavens.

They seemed to be mainly of stone or concrete, and most of them embodied the oddly curvilinear type of masonry noticeable in the building that held me.  Roofs were flat and garden-covered, and tended to have scalloped parapets.  Sometimes there were terraces and higher levels, and wide, cleared spaces amidst the gardens.  The great roads held hints of motion, but in the earlier visions I could not resolve this impression into details.

In certain places I beheld enormous dark cylindrical towers which climbed far above any of the other structures.  These appeared to be of a totally unique nature and shewed signs of prodigious age and dilapidation.  They were built of a bizarre type of square-cut basalt masonry, and tapered slightly toward their rounded tops.  Nowhere in any of them could the least traces of windows or other apertures save huge doors be found.  I noticed also some lower buildinigs-all crumbling with the weathering of aeons-which resembled these dark, cylindrical towers in basic architecture.  Around all these aberrant piles of square-cut masonry there hovered an inexplicable aura of menace and concentrated fear, like that bred by the sealed trap-doors.

The omnipresent gardens were almost terrifying in their strangeness, with bizarre and unfamiliar forms of vegetation nodding over broad paths lined with curiously carven monoliths.  Abnormally vast fern-like growths predominated-some green, and some of a ghastly, fungoid pallor.

Among them rose great spectral things resembling calamites, whose bamboo-like trunks towered to fabulous heights.  Then there were tufted forms like fabulous cycads, and grotesque dark-green shrubs and trees of coniferous aspect.

Flowers were small, colourless, and unrecognizable, blooming in geometrical beds and at large among the greenery.

In a few of the terrace and roof-top gardens were larger and more blossoms of most offensive contours and seeming to suggest artificial breeding.  Fungi of inconceivable size, outlines, and colours speckled the scene in patterns bespeaking some unknown but well-established horticultural tradition.  In the larger gardens on the ground there seemed to be some attempt to preserve the irregularities of Nature, but on the roofs there was more selectiveness, and more evidences of the topiary art.

The sides were almost always moist and cloudy, and sometimes I would seem to witness tremendous rains.  Once in a while, though, there would be glimpses of the sun-which looked abnormally large-and of the moon, whose markings held a touch of difference from the normal that I could never quite fathom.  When-very rarely-the night sky was clear to any extent, I beheld constellations which were nearly beyond recognition.  Known outlines were sometimes approximated, but seldom duplicated; and from the position of the few groups I could recognize, I felt I must be in the earth's southern hemisphere, near the Tropic of Capricorn.

The far horizon was always steamy and indistinct, but I could see that great jungles of unknown tree-ferns, calamites, lepidodendra, and sigillaria lay outside the city, their fantastic frondage waving mockingly in the shifting vapours.  Now and then there would be suggestions of motion in the sky, but these my early visions never resolved.

By the autumn of 1914 I began to have infrequent dreams of strange floatings over the city and through the regions around it.  I saw interminable roads through forests of fearsome growths with mottled, fluted, and banded trunks, and past other cities as strange as the one which persistently haunted me.

I saw monstrous constructions of black or iridescent tone in glades and clearings where perpetual twilight reigned, and traversed long causeways over swamps so dark that I could tell but little of their moist, towering vegetation.

Once I saw an area of countless miles strewn with age-blasted basaltic ruins whose architecture had been like that of the few windowless, round-topped towers in the haunting city.

And once I saw the sea-a boundless, steamy expanse beyond the colossal stone piers of an enormous town of domes and arches.  Great shapeless sugggestions of shadow moved over it, and here and there its surface was vexed ith anomalous spoutings.


III

As I have said, it was not immediately that these wild visions began to hold their terrifying quality.  Certainly, many persons have dreamed intrinsically stranger things-things compounded of unrelated scraps of daily life, pictures, and reading, and arranged in fantastically novel forms by the unchecked caprices of sleep.

For some time I accepted the visions as natural, even though I had never before been an extravagant dreamer.  Many of the vague anomalies, I argued, must have come from trivial sources too numerous to track down; while others seemed to reflect a common text book knowledge of the plants and other conditions of the primitive world of a hundred and fifty million years ago-the world of the Permian or Triassic age.

In the course of some months, however, the element of terror did figure with accumulating force.  This was when the dreams began so unfailingly to have the aspect of memories, and when my mind began to link them with my growing abstract disturbances-the feeling of mnemonic restraint, the curious impressions regarding time, and sense of a loathsome exchange with my secondary personality of 1908-13, and, considerably later, the inexplicable loathing of my own person.

As certain definite details began to enter the dreams, their horror increased a thousandfold-until by October, 1915, I felt I must do something.  It was then that I began an intensive study of other cases of amnesia and visions, feeling that I might thereby obectivise my trouble and shake clear of its emotional grip.

However, as before mentioned, the result was at first almost exactly opposite.  It disturbed me vastly to find that my dreams had been so closely duplicated; especially since some of the accounts were too early to admit of any geological knowledge-and therefore of any idea of primitive landscapes-on the subjects' part.

What is more, many of these accounts supplied very horrible details and explanations in connexion with the visions of great buildings and jungle gardens-and other things.  The actual sights and vague impressions were bad enough, but what was hinted or asserted by some of the other dreamers savored of madness and blasphemy.  Worst of all, my own pseudo-memory was aroused to milder dreams and hints of coming revelations.  And yet most doctors deemed my course, on he whole, an advisable one.

I studied psychology systematically, and under the prevailing stimulus my son Wingate did the same-his studies leading eventually to his present professorship.  In 1917 and 1918 I took special courses at Miskatonic.  Meanwhile, my examination of medical, historical, and anthropological records became indefatigable, involving travels to distant libraries, and finally including even a reading of the hideous books of forbidden elder lore in which my secondary personality had been so disturbingly interested.

Some of the latter were the actual copies I had consulted in my altered state, and I was greatly disturbed by certain marginal notations and ostensible corrections of the hideous text in a script and idiom which somehow seemed oddly unhuman.

These markings were mostly in the respective languages of the various books, all of which the writer seemed to know with equal, though obviously academic, facility.  One note appended to von Junzt's Unaussprechlichen Kulten, however, was alarmingly otherwise.  It consisted of certain curvilinear hieroglyphs in the same ink as that of the German corrections, but following no recognized human pattern.  And these hieroglyphs were closely and unmistakably aldn to the characters constantly met with in my dreams-characters whose meaning I would sometimes momentarily fancy I knew, or was just on the brink of recalling.

To complete my black confusion, my librarians assured me that, in view of previous examinations and records of consultation of the volumes in question, all of these notations must have been made by myself in my secondary state.  This despite the fact that I was and still am ignorant of three of the languages involved.

Piecing together the scattered records, ancient and modern, anthropological and medical, I found a fairly consistent mixture of myth and hallucination whose scope and wildness left me utterly dazed.  Only one thing consoled me, the fact that the myths were of such early existence.  What lost knowledge could have brought pictures of the Palaeozoic or Mesozoic landscape into these primitive fables, I could not even guess; but the pictures had been there.  Thus, a basis existed for the formation of a fixed type of delusion.

Cases of amnesia no doubt created the general myth pattern-but afterward the fanciful accretions of the myths must have reacted on amnesia sufferers and coloured their pseudo-memories.  I myself had read and heard all the early tales during my memory lapse-my quest had amply proved that.  Was it not natural, then, for my subsequent dreams and emotional impressions to become coloured and moulded by what my memory subtly held over from my secondary state?

A few of the myths had significant connexions with other cloudy legends of the pre-human world, especially those Hindu tales involving stupefying gulfs of time and forming part of the lore of modern theosopists.

Primal myth and modern delusion joined in their assumption that mankind is only one-perhaps the least-of the highly evolved and dominant races of this planet's long and largely unknown career.  Things of inconceivable shape, they implied, had reared towers to the sky and delved into every secret of Nature before the first amphibian forbear of man had crawled out of the hot sea 300 million years ago.

Some had come down from the stars; a few were as old as the cosmos itself, others had arisen swiftly from terrene germs as far behind the first germs of our life-cycle as those germs are behind ourselves.  Spans of thousands of millions of years, and linkages to other galaxies and universes, were freely spoken of.  Indeed, there was no such thing as time in its humanly accepted sense.

But most of the tales and impressions concerned a relatively late race, of a queer and intricate shape, resembling no life-form known to science, which had lived till only fifty million years before the advent of man.  This, they indicated, was the greatest race of all because it alone had conquered the secret of time.

It had learned all things that ever were known or ever would be known on the earth, through the power of its keener minds to project themselves into the past and future, even through gulfs of millions of years, and study the lore of every age.  From the accomplishments of this race arose all legends of prophets, including those in human mythology.

In its vast libraries were volumes of texts and pictures holding the whole of earth's annals-histories and descriptions of every species that had ever been or that ever would be, with full records of their arts, their achievements, their languages, and their psychologies.

With this aeon-embracing knowledge, the Great Race chose from every era and life-form such thoughts, arts, and processes as might suit its own nature and situation.  Knowledge of the past, secured through a kind of mind-casting outside the recognized senses, was harder to glean than knowledge of the future.

In the latter case the course was easier and more material.  With suitable mechanical aid a mind would project itself forward in time, feeling its dim, extra-sensory way till it approached the desired period.  Then, after preliminary trials, it would seize on the best discoverable representative of the highest of that period's life-forms.  It would enter the organism's brain and set up therein its own vibrations, while the displaced mind would strike back to the period of the displacer, remaining in the latter's body till a reverse process was set up.

The projected mind, in the body of the organism of the future, would then pose as a member of the race whose outward form it wore, learning as quickly as possible all that could be learned of the chosen age and its massed information and techniques.

Meanwhile the displaced mind, thrown back to the displacer's age and body, would be carefully guarded.  It would be kept from harming the body it occupied, and would be drained of all its knowledge by trained questioners.  Often it could be questioned in its own language, when previous quests into the future had brought back records of that language.

If the mind came from a body whose language the Great Race could not physically reproduce, clever machines would be made, on which the alien speech could be played as on a musical instrument.

The Great Race's members were immense rugose cones ten feet high, and with head and other organs attached to foot-thick, distensible limbs spreading from the apexes.  They spoke by the clicking or scraping of huge paws or claws attached to the end of two of their four limbs, and walked by the expansion and contraction of a viscous layer attached to their vast, ten-foot bases.

When the captive mind's amazement and resentment had worn off, and when-assuming that it came from a body vastly different from the Great Race's-it had lost its horror at its unfamiliar temporary form, it was permitted to study its new environment and experience a wonder and wisdom approyimating that of its displacer.

With suitable precautions, and in exchange for suitable services, it was allowed to rove all over the habitable world in titan airships or on the huge boatlike atomic-engined vehicles which traversed the great roads, and to delve freely into the libraries containing the records of the planet's past and future.

This reconciled many captive minds to their lot; since none were other than keen, and to such minds the unveiling of hidden mysteries of earth-closed chapters of inconceivable pasts and dizzying vortices of future time which include the years ahead of their own natural ages-forms always, despite the abysmal horrors often unveiled, the supreme experience of life.

Now and then certain captives were permitted to meet other captive minds seized from the future-to exchange thoughts with consciousnesses living a hundred or a thousand or a million years before or after their own ages.  And all were urged to write copiously in their own languages of themselves and their respective periods; such documents to be filed in the great central archives.

It may be added that there was one special type of captive whose privileges were far greater than those of the majority.  These were the dying permanent exiles, whose bodies in the future had been seized by keen-minded members of the Great Race who, faced with death, sought to escape mental extinction.

Such melancholy exiles were not as common as might be expected, since the longevity of the Great Race lessened its love of life-especially among those superior minds capable of projection.  From cases of the permanent projection of elder minds arose many of those lasting changes of personality noticed in later history-including mankind ' s.

As for the ordinary cases of exploration-when the displacing mind had learned what it wished in the future, it would build an apparatus like that which had started its flight and reverse the process of projection.  Once more it would be in its own body in its own age, while the lately captive mind would return to that body of the future to which it properly belonged.

Only when one or the other of the bodies had died during the exchange was this restoration impossible.  In such cases, of course, the exploring mind had-like those of the death-escapers-to live out an alien-bodied life in the future; or else the captive mind-like the dying permanent exiles-had to end its days in the form and past age of the Great Race.

This fate was least horrible when the captive mind was also of the Great Race-a not infrequent occurrence, since in all its periods that race was intensely concerned with its own future.  The number of dying permanent exiles of the Great Race was very slight-largely because of the tremendous penalties attached to displacements of future Great Race minds by the moribund.

Through projection, arrangements were made to inflict these penalties on the offending minds in their new future bodies-and sometimes forced reëxchanges were effected.

Complex cases of the displacement of exploring or already captive minds by minds in various regions of the past had been known and carefully rectified.  In every age since the discovery of mind projection, a minute but well-recognised element of the population consisted of Great Race minds from past ages, sojourning for a longer or shorter while.

When a captive mind of alien origin was returned to its own body in the future, it was purged by an intricate mechanical hypnosis of all it had learned in the Great Race's age-this because of certain troublesome consequences inherent in the general carrying forward of knowledge in large quantities.

The few existing instances of clear transmission had caused, and would cause at known future times, great disasters.  And it was largely in consequence of two cases of this kind-said the old myths-that mankind had learned what it had concerning the Great Race.

Of all things surviving physically and directly from that aeon-distant world, there remained only certain ruins of great stones in far places and under the sea, and parts of the text of the frightful Pnakotic Manuscripts.

Thus the returning mind reached its own age with only the faintest and most fragmentary visions of what it had undergone since its seizure.  All memories that could be eradicated were eradicated, so that in most cases only a dream-shadowed blank stretched back to the time of the first exchange.  Some minds recalled more than others, and the chance joining of memories had at rare times brought hints of the forbidden past to future ages.

There probably never was a time when groups or cults did not secretly cherish certain of these hints.  In the Necronomicon the presence of such a cult among human beings was suggested-a cult that sometimes gave aid to minds voyaging down the aeons from the days of the Great Race.

And, meanwhile, the Great Race itself waxed well-nigh omniscient, and turned to the task of setting up exchanges with the minds of other planets, and of exploring their pasts and futures.  It sought likewise to fathom the past years and origin of that black, aeon-dead orb in far space whence its own mental heritage had come-for the mind of the Great Race was older than its bodily form.

The beings of a dying elder world, wise with the ultimate secrets, had looked ahead for a new world and species wherein they might have long life; and had sent their minds en masse into that future race best adapted to house them-the cone-shaped beings that peopled our earth a billion years ago.

Thus the Great Race came to be, while the myriad minds sent backward were left to die in the horror of strange shapes.  Later the race would again face death, yet would live through another forward migration of its best minds into the bodies of others who had a longer physical span ahead of them.

Such was the background of intertwined legend and hallucination.  When, around 1920, I had my researches in coherent shape, I felt a slight lessening of the tension which their earlier stages had increased.  After all, and in spite of the fancies prompted by blind emotions, were not most of my phenomena readily explainable? Any chance might have turned my mind to dark studies during the amnesia-and then I read the forbidden legends and met the members of ancient and ill-regarded cults.  That, plainly, supplied the material for the dreams and disturbed feelings which came after the return of memory.

As for the marginal notes in dream-hieroglyphs and languages unknown to me, but laid at my door by librarians-I might easily have picked up a smattering of the tongues during my secondary state, while the hieroglyphs were doubtless coined by my fancy from descriptions in old legends, and afterward woven into my dreams.  I tried to verify certain points through conversation with known cult leaders, but never succeeded in establishing the right connexions.

At times the parallelism of so many cases in so many distant ages continued to worry me as it had at first, but on the other hand I reflected that the excitant folklore was undoubtedly more universal in the past than in the present.

Probably all the other victims whose cases were like mine had had a long and familiar knowledge of the tales I had learned only when in my secondary state.  When these victims had lost their memory, they had associated themselves with the creatures of their household myths-the fabulous invaders supposed to displace men's minds-and had thus embarked upon quests for knowledge which they thought they could take back to a fancied, non-human past.

Then, when their memory returned, they reversed the associative process and thought of themselves as the former captive minds instead of as the displacers.  Hence the dreams and pseudo-memories following the conventional myth pattern.

Despite the seeming cumbrousness of these explanations, they came finally to supersede all others in my mind-largely because of the greater weakness of any rival theory.  And a substantial number of eminent psychologists and anthropologists gradually agreed with me.

The more I reflected, the more convincing did my reasoning seem; till in the end I had a really effective bulwark against the visions and impressions which still assailed me.  Suppose I did see strange things at night? These were only what I had heard and read of.  Suppose I did have odd loathings and perspectives and pseudo-memories? These, too, were only echoes of myths absorbed in my secondary state.  Nothing that I might dream, nothing that I might feel, could be of any actual significance.

Fortified by this philosophy, I greatly improved in nervous equilibrium, even though the visions-rather than the abstract impressions-steadily became more frequent and more disturbingly detailed.  In 1922 I felt able to undertake regular work again, and put my newly gained knowledge to practical use by accepting an instructorship in psychology at the university.

My old chair of political economy had long been adequately filled-besides which, methods of teaching economics had changed greatly since my heyday.  My son was at this time just entering on the post-graduate studies leading to his resent professorship, and we worked together a great deal.


IV

I continued, however, to keep a careful record of the outré dreams which crowded upon me so thickly and vividly.  Such a record, I argued, was of genuine value as a psychological document.  The glimpses still seemed damnably like memories, though I fought off this impression with a goodly measure of success.

In writing, I treated the phantasmata as things seen; but at all other times I brushed them aside like any gossamer illusions of the night.  I had never mentioned such matters in common conversation; though reports of them, filtering out as such things will, had aroused sundry rumors regarding my mental health.  It is amusing to reflect that these rumors were confined wholly to laymen, without a single champion among physicians or psychologists.

Of my visions after 1914 I will here mention only a few, since fuller accounts and records are at the disposal of the serious student.  It is evident that with time the curious inhibitions somewhat waned, for the scope of my visions vastly increased.  They have never, though, become other than disjointed fragments seemingly without clear motivation.

Within the dreams I seemed gradually to acquire a greater and greater freedom of wandering.  I floated through many strange buildings of stone, going from one to the other along mammoth underground passages which seemed to form the common avenues of transit.  Sometimes I encountered those gigantic sealed trap-doors in the lowest level, around which such an aura of fear and forbiddenness clung.

I saw tremendously tessellated pools, and rooms of curious and inexplicable utensils of myriad sorts.  Then there were colossal caverns of intricate machinery whose outlines and purpose were wholly strange to me, and whose sound manifested itself only after many years of dreaming.  I may here remark that sight and sound are the only senses I have ever exercised in the visionary world.

The real horror began in May, 1915, when I first saw the living things.  This was before my studies had taught me what, in view of the myths and case histories, to expect.  As mental barriers wore down, I beheld great masses of thin vapour in various parts of the building and in the streets below.

These steadily grew more solid and distinct, till at last I could trace their monstrous outlines with uncomfortable ease.  They seemed to be enormous, iridescent cones, about ten feet high and ten feet wide at the base, and made up of some ridgy, scaly, semi-elastic matter.  From their apexes projected four flexible, cylindrical members, each a foot thick, and of a ridgy substance like that of the cones themselves.

These members were sometimes contracted almost to nothing, and sometimes extended to any distance up to about ten feet.  Terminating two of them were enormous claws or nippers.  At the end of a third were four red, trumpetlike appendages.  The fourth terminated in an irregular yellowish globe some two feet in diameter and having three great dark eyes ranged along its central circumference.

Surmounting this head were four slender grey stalks bearing flower-like appendages, whilst from its nether side dangled eight greenish antennae or tentacles.  The great base of the central cone was fringed with a rubbery, grey substance which moved the whole entity through expansion and contraction.

Their actions, though harmless, horrified me even more than their appearance-for it is not wholesome to watch monstrous objects doing what one had known only human beings to do.  These objects moved intelligently about the great rooms, getting books from the shelves and taking them to the great tables, or vice versa, and sometimes writing diligently with a peculiar rod gripped in the greenish head tentacles.  The huge nippers were used in carrying books and in conversation-speech consisting of a kind of clicking and scraping.

The objects had no clothing, but wore satchels or knapsacks suspended from the top of the conical trunk.  They commonly carried their head and its supporting member at the level of the cone top, although it was frequently raised or lowered.

The other three great members tended to rest downward at the sides of the cone, contracted to about five feet each when not in use.  From their rate of reading, writing, and operating their machines-those on the tables seemed somehow connected with thought-I concluded that their intelligence was enormously greater than man ' s.

Aftenvard I saw them everywhere; swarming in all the great chambers and corridors, tending monstrous machines in vaulted crypts, and racing along the vast roads in gigantic, boat-shaped cars.  I ceased to be afraid of them, for they seemed to form supremely natural parts of their environment.

Individual differences amongst them began to be manifest, and a few appeared to be under some kind of restraint.  These latter, though shewing no physical variation, had a diversity of gestures and habits which marked them off not only from the majority, but very largely from one another.

They wrote a great deal in what seemed to my cloudy vision a vast variety of characters-never the typical curvilinear hieroglyphs of the majority.  A few, I fancied, used our own familiar alphabet.  Most of them worked much more slowly than the general mass of the entities.

All this time my own part in the dreams seemed to be that of a disembodied consciousness with a range of vision wider than the normal, floating freely about, yet confined to the ordinary avenues and speeds of travel.  Not until August, 1915, did any suggestions of bodily existence begin to harass me.  I say harass, because the first phase was a purely abstract, though infinitely terrible, association of my previously noted body loathing with the scenes of my visions.

For a while my chief concern during dreams was to avoid looking down at myself, and I recall how grateful I was for the total absence of large mirrors in the strange rooms.  I was mightily troubled by the fact that I always saw the great tables-whose height could not be under ten feet-from a level not below that of their surfaces.

And then the morbid temptation to look down at myself became greater and greater, till one night I could not resist it.  At first my downward glance revealed nothing whatever.  A moment later I perceived that this was because my head lay at the end of a flexible neck of enormous length.  Retracting this neck and gazing down very sharply, I saw the scaly, rugose, iridescent bulk of a vast cone ten feet tall and ten feet wide at the base.  That was when I waked half of Arkham with my screaming as I plunged madly up from the abyss of sleep.

Only after weeks of hideous repetition did I grow half-reconciled to these visions of myself in monstrous form.  In the dreams I now moved bodily among the other unknown entities, reading terrible books from the endless shelves and writing for hours at the great tables with a stylus managed by the green tentacles that hung down from my head.

Snatches of what I read and wrote would linger in my memory.  There were horrible annals of other worlds and other universes, and of stirrings of formless life outside of all universes.  There were records of strange orders of beings which had peopled the world in forgotten pasts, and frightful chronicles of grotesque-bodied intelligences which would people it millions of years after the death of the last human being.

I learned of chapters in human history whose existence no scholar of today has ever suspected.  Most of these writings were in the language of the hieroglyphs; which I studied in a queer way with the aid of droning machines, and which was evidently an agglutinative speech with root systems utterly unlike any found in human languages.

Other volumes were in other unknown tongues learned in the same queer way.  A very few were in languages I knew.  Extremely clever pictures, both inserted in the records and forming separate collections, aided me immensely.  And all the time I seemed to be setting down a history of my own age in English.  On waking, I could recall only minute and meaningless scraps of the unknown tongues which my dream-self had mastered, though whole phrases of the history stayed with me.

I learned-even before my waking self had studied the parallel cases or the old myths from which the dreams doubtless sprang-that the entities around me were of the world's greatest race, which had conquered time and had sent exploring minds into every age.  I knew, too, that I had been snatched from my age while another used my body in that age, and that a few of the other strange forms housed similarly captured minds.  I seemed to talk, in some odd language of claw clickings, with exiled intellects from every corner of the solar system.

There was a mind from the planet we know as Venus, which would live incalculable epochs to come, and one from an outer moon of Jupiter six million years in the past.  Of earthly minds there were some from the winged, starheaded, half-vegetable race of palaeogean Antarctica; one from the reptile people of fabled Valusia; three from the furry pre-human Hyperborean worshippers of Tsathoggua; one from the wholly abominable Tcho-Tchos; two from the arachnid denizens of earth's last age; five from the hardy coleopterous species immediately following mankind, to which the Great Race was some day to transfer its keenest minds en masse in the face of horrible peril; and several from different branches of humanity.

I talked with the mind of Yiang-Li, a philosopher from the cruel empire of Tsan-Chan, which is to come in 5, 000 A.  D.; with that of a general of the greatheaded brown people who held South Africa in 50, 000 B.  C.; with that of a twelfth-century Florentine monk named Bartolomeo Corsi; with that of a king of Lomar who had ruled that terrible polar land one hundred thousand years before the squat, yellow Inutos came from the west to engulf it.

I talked with the mind of Nug-Soth, a magician of the dark conquerors of 16, 000 A.  D.; with that of a Roman named Titus Sempronius Blaesus, who had been a quaestor in Sulla's time; with that of Khephnes, an Egyptian of the 14th Dynasty, who told me the hideous secret of Nyarlathotep, with that of a priest of Atlantis' middle kingdom; with that of a Suffolk gentleman of Cromwell's day, James Woodville; with that of a court astronomer of pre-Inca Peru; with that of the Australian physicist Nevil Kingston-Brown, who will die in 2, 518 A.  D.; with that of an archimage of vanished Yhe in the Pacific; with that of Theodotides, a Greco-Bactrian official Of 200 B.  C.; with that of an aged Frenchman of Louis XIII's time named Pierre-Louis Montagny; with that of Crom-Ya, a Cimmerian chieftain of 15, 000 B.  C.; and with so many others that my brain cannot hold the shocking secrets and dizzying marvels I learned from them.

I awaked each morning in a fever, sometimes frantically trying to verify or discredit such information as fell within the range of modern human knowledge.  Traditional facts took on new and doubtful aspects, and I marvelled at the dream-fancy which could invent such surprising addenda to history and science.

I shivered at the mysteries the past may conceal, and trembled at the menaces the future may bring forth.  What was hinted in the speech of post-human entities of the fate of mankind produced such an effect on me that I will not set it down here.

After man there would be the mighty beetle civilisation, the bodies of whose members the cream of the Great Race would seize when the monstrous doom overtook the elder world.  Later, as the earth's span closed, the transferred minds would again migrate through time and space-to another stopping-place in the bodies of the bulbous vegetable entities of Mercury.  But there would be races after them, clinging pathetically to the cold planet and burrowing to its horror-filled core, before the utter end.

Meanwhile, in my dreams, I wrote endlessly in that history of my own age which I was preparing-half voluntarily and half through promises of increased library and travel opportunities-for the Great Race's central archives.  The archives were in a colossal subterranean structure near the city's center, which I came to know well through frequent labors and consultations.  Meant to last as long as the race, and to withstand the fiercest of earth's convulsions, this titan repository surpassed all other buildings in the massive, mountain-like firmness of its construction.

The records, written or printed on great sheets of a curiously tenacious cellulose fabric were bound into books that opened from the top, and were kept in individual cases of a strange, extremely light, restless metal of greyish hue, decorated with mathematical designs and bearing the title in the Great Race's curvilinear hieroglyphs.

These cases were stored in tiers of rectangular vaults-like closed, locked shelves-wrought of the same rustless metal and fastened by knobs with intricate turnings.  My own history was assigned a specific place in the vaults of the lowest or vertebrate level-the section devoted to the culture of mankind and of the furry and reptilian races immediately preceding it in terrestrial dominance.

But none of the dreams ever gave me a full picture of daily life.  All were the merest misty, disconnected fragments, and it is certain that these fragments were not unfolded in their rightful sequence.  I have, for example, a very imperfect idea of my own living arrangements in the dream-world; though I seem to have possessed a great stone room of my own.  My restrictions as a prisoner gradually disappeared, so that some of the visions included vivid travels over the mighty jungle roads, sojourns in strange cities, and explorations of some of the vast, dark, windowless ruins from which the Great Race shrank in curious fear.  There were also long sea voyages in enormous, many-decked boats of incredible swiftness, and trips over wild regions in closed projectile-like airships lifted and moved by electrical repulsion.

Beyond the wide, warm ocean were other cities of the Great Race, and on one far continent I saw the crude villages of the black-snouted, winged creatures who would evolve as a dominant stock after the Great Race had sent its foremost minds into the future to escape the creeping horror.  Flatness and exuberant green life were always the keynote of the scene.  Hills were low and sparse, and usually displayed signs of volcanic forces.

Of the animals I saw, I could write volumes.  All were wild; for the Great Race's mechanised culture had long since done away with domestic beasts, while food was wholly vegetable or synthetic.  Clumsy reptiles of great bulk floundered in steaming morasses, fluttered in the heavy air, or spouted in the seas and lakes; and among these I fancied I could vaguely recognise lesser, archaic prototypes of many forms-dinosaurs, pterodactyls, ichthyosaurs, labyrinthodonts, plesiosaurs, and the like-made familiar through palaeontology.  Of birds or mammals there were none that I could discover.

The ground and swamps were constantly alive with snakes, lizards, and crocodiles while insects buzzed incessantly among the lush vegetation.  And far out at sea, unspied and unknown monsters spouted mountainous columns of foam into the vaporous sky.  Once I was taken under the ocean in a gigantic submarine vessel with searchlights, and glimpsed some living horrors of awesome magnitude.  I saw also the ruins of incredible sunken cities, and the wealth of crinoid, brachiopod, coral, and ichthyic life which everywhere abounded.

Of the physiology, psychology, folkways, and detailed history of the Great Race my visions preserved but little information, and many of the scattered points I here set down were gleaned from my study of old legends and other cases rather than from my own dreaming.

For in time, of course, my reading and research caught up with and passed the dreams in many phases, so that certain dream-fragments were explained in advance and formed verifications of what I had learned.  This consolingly established my belief that similar reading and research, accomplished by my secondary self, had formed the source of the whole terrible fabric of pseudomemories.

The period of my dreams, apparently, was one somewhat less than 150, 000, 000 years ago, when the Palaeozoic age was giving place to the Mesozoic.  The bodies occupied by the Great Race represented no surviving-or even scientifically known-line of terrestrial evolution, but were of a peculiar, closely homogeneous, and highly specialised organic type inclining as much as to the vegetable as to the animal state.

Cell action was of an unique sort almost precluding fatigue, and wholly eliminating the need of sleep.  Nourishment, assimilated through the red trumpet-like appendages on one of the great flexible limbs, was always semifluid and in many aspects wholly unlike the food of existing animals.

The beings had but two of the senses which we recognise-sight and hearing, the latter accomplished through the flower-like appendages on the grey stalks above their heads.  Of other and incomprehensible senses-not, however, well utilizable by alien captive minds inhabiting their bodies-they possessed many.  Their three eyes were so situated as to give them a range of vision wider than the normal.  Their blood was a sort of deep-greenish ichor of great thickness.

They had no sex, but reproduced through seeds or spores which clustered on their bases and could be developed only under water.  Great, shallow tanks were used for the growth of their young-which were, however, reared only in small numbers on account of the longevity of individuals-four or five thousand years being the common life span.

Markedly defective individuals were quickly disposed of as soon as their defects were noticed.  Disease and the approach of death were, in the absence of a sense of touch or of physical pain, recognised by purely visual symptoms.

The dead were incinerated with dignified ceremonies.  Once in a while, as before mentioned, a keen mind would escape death by forward projection in time; but such cases were not numerous.  When one did occur, the exiled mind from the future was treated with the utmost kindness till the dissolution of its unfamiliar tenement.

The Great Race seemed to form a single, loosely knit nation or league, with major institutions in common, though there were four definite divisions.  The political and economic system of each unit was a sort of fascistic socialism, with major resources rationally distributed, and power delegated to a small governing board elected by the votes of all able to pass certain educational and psychological tests.  Family organisation was not overstressed, though ties among persons of common descent were recognised, and the young were generally reared by their parents.

Resemblances to human attitudes and institutions were, of course, most marked in those fields where on the one hand highly abstract elements were concerned, or where on the other hand there was a dominance of the basic, unspecialised urges common to all organic life.  A few added likenesses came through conscious adoption as the Great Race probed the future and copied what it liked.

Industry, highly mechanised, demanded but little time from each citizen; and the abundant leisure was filled with intellectual and aesthetic activities of various sorts.

The sciences were carried to an unbelievable height of development, and art was a vital part of life, though at the period of my dreams it had passed its crest and meridian.  Technology was enormously stimulated through the constant struggle to survive, and to keep in existence the physical fabric of great cities, imposed by the prodigious geologic upheavals of those primal days.

Crime was surprisingly scant, and was dealt with through highly efficient policing.  Punishments ranged from privilege deprivation and imprisonment to death or major emotion wrenching, and were never administered without a careful study of the criminal's inotivations.

Warfare, largely civil for the last few millennia though sometimes waged against reptilian or octopodic invaders, or against the winged, star-headed Old Ones who centered in the antarctic, was infrequent though infinitely devastating.  An enormous army, using camera-like weapons which produced tremendous electrical effects, was kept on hand for purposes seldom mentioned, but obviously connected with the ceaseless fear of the dark, windowless elder ruins and of the great sealed trap-doors in the lowest subterranean levels.

This fear of the basalt ruins and trap-doors was largely a matter of unspoken suggestion-or, at most, of furtive quasi-whispers.  Everything specific which bore on it was significantly absent from such books as were on the common shelves.  It was the one subject lying altogether under a taboo among the Great Race, and seemed to be connected alike with horrible bygone struggles, and with that future peril which would some day force the race to send its keener minds ahead en masse in time.

Imperfect and fragmentary as were the other things presented by dreams and legends, this matter was still more bafflingly shrouded.  The vague old myths avoided it-or perhaps all allusions had for some reason been excised.  And in the dreams of myself and others, the hints were peculiarly few.  Members of the Great Race never intentionally referred to the matter, and what could be gleaned came only from some of the more sharply observant captive minds.

According to these scraps of information, the basis of the fear was a horrible elder race of half-polypous, utterly alien entities which had come through space from immeasurably distant universes and had dominated the earth and three other solar planets about 600 million years ago.  They were only partly material-as we understand matter-and their type of consciousness and media of perception differed widely from those of terrestrial organisms.  For example, their senses did not include that of sight; their mental world being a strange, non-visual pattern of impressions.

They were, however, sufficiently material to use implements of normal matter when in cosmic areas containing it; and they required housing-albeit of a peculiar kind.  Though their senses could penetrate all material barriers, their substance could not; and certain forms of electrical energy could wholly destroy them.  They had the power of aërial motion, despite the absence of wings or any other visible means of levitation.  Their minds were of such texture that no exchange with them could be effected by the Great Race.

When these things had come to the earth they had built mighty basalt cities of windowless towers, and had preyed horribly upon the beings they found.  Thus it was when the minds of the Great Race sped across the void from that obscure, trans-galactic world known in the disturbing and debatable Eltdown Shards as Yith.

The newcomers, with the instruments they created, had found it easy to subdue the predatory entities and drive them down to those caverns of inner earth which they had already joined to their abodes and begun to inhabit.

Then they had sealed the entrances and left them to their fate, afterward occupying most of their great cities and preserving certain important buildings for reasons connected more with superstition than with indifference, boldness, or scientific and historical zeal.

But as the aeons passed there came vague, evil signs that the elder things were growing strong and numerous in the inner world.  There were sporadic irruptions of a particularly hideous character in certain small and remote cities of the Great Race, and in some of the deserted elder cities which the Great Race had not peopled-places where the paths to the gulfs below had not been properly sealed or guarded.

After that greater precautions were taken, and many of the paths were closed forever-though a few were left with sealed trap-doors for strategic use in fighting the elder things if ever they broke forth in unexpected places.

The irruptions of the elder things must have been shocking beyond all description, since they had permanently coloured the psychology of the Great Race.  Such was the fixed mood of horror that the very aspect of the creatures was left unmentioned.  At no time was I able to gain a clear hint of what they looked like.

There were veiled suggestions of a monstrous plasticity, and of temporary lapses of visibility, while other fragmentary whispers referred to their control and military use of great winds.  Singular whistling noises, and colossal footprints made up of five circular toe marks, seemed also to be associated with them.

It was evident that the coming doom so desperately feared by the Great Race-the doom that was one day to send millions of keen minds across the chasm of time to strange bodies in the safer future-had to do with a final successful irruption of the elder beings.

Mental projections down the ages had clearly foretold such a horror, and the Great Race had resolved that none who could escape should face it.  That the foray would be a matter of vengeance, rather than an attempt to reoccupy the outer world, they knew from the planet's later history-for their projections shewed the coming and going of subsequent races untroubled by the monstrous entities.

Perhaps these entities had come to prefer earth's inner abysses to the variable, storm-ravaged surface, since light meant nothing to them.  Perhaps, too, they were slowly weakening with the aeons.  Indeed, it was known that they would be quite dead in the time of the post-human beetle race which the fleeing minds would tenant.

Meanwhile, the Great Race maintained its cautious vigilance, with potent weapons ceaselessly ready despite the horrified banishing of the subject from common speech and visible records.  And always the shadow of nameless fear hung bout the sealed trap-doors and the dark, windowless elder towers.


V

That is the world of which my dreams brought me dim, scattered echoes every night.  I cannot hope to give any true idea of the horror and dread contained in such echoes, for it was upon a wholly intangible quality-the sharp sense of pseudo-memory-that such feelings mainly depended.

As I have said, my studies gradually gave me a defence against these feelings in the form of rational psychological explanations; and this saving influence was augmented by the subtle touch of accustomedness which comes with the passage of time.  Yet in spite of everything the vague, creeping terror would return momentarily now and then.  It did not, however, engulf me as it had before; and after 1922 I lived a very normal life of work and recreation.

In the course of years I began to feel that my experience-together with the kindred cases and the related folklore-ought to be definitely summarised and published for the benefit of serious students; hence I prepared a series of articles briefly covering the whole ground and illustrated with crude sketches of some of the shapes, scenes, decorative motifs, and hieroglyphs remembered from the dreams.

These appeared at various times during 1928 and 1929 in the Journal of the American Psychological Society, but did not attract much attention.  Meanwhile I continued to record my dreams with the minutest care, even though the growing stack of reports attained troublesomely vast proportions.  On July 10, 1934, there was forwarded to me by the Psychological Society the letter which opened the culminating and most horrible phase of the whole mad ordeal.  It was postmarked Pilbarra, Western Australia, and bore the signature of one whom I found, upon inquiry, to be a mining engineer of considerable prominence.  Enclosed were some very curious snapshots.  I will reproduce the text in its entirety, and no reader can fail to understand how tremendous an effect it and the photographs had upon me.

I was, for a time, almost stunned and incredulous; for although I had often thought that some basis of fact must underlie certain phases of the legends which had coloured my dreams, I was none the less unprepared for anything like a tangible survival from a lost world remote beyond all imagination.  Most devastating of all were the photographs-for here, in cold, incontrovertible realism, there stood out against a background of sand certain worn-down, water-ridged, storm-weathered blocks of stone whose slightly convex tops and slightly concave bottoms told their own story.

And when I studied them with a magnifying glass I could see all too plainly, amidst the batterrings and pittings, the traces of those vast curvilinear designs and occasional hieroglyphs whose significance had become so hideous to me.  But here is the letter, which speaks for itself.




49, Dampier St.,
Pilbarra, W.  Australia,
May 18, 1934.

Prof.  N.  W Peaslee,
c / o Am.  Psychological Society,
30 E.  41st St.,
New York City, U.  S.  A.

My Dear Sir:

A recent conversation with Dr.  E.  M.  Boyle of Perth, and some papers with your articles which he has just sent me, make it advisable for me to tell you about certain things I have seen in the Great Sandy Desert east of our gold field here.  It would seem, in view of the peculiar legends about old cities with huge stonework and strange designs and hieroglyphs which you describe, that I have come upon something very important.

The blackfellows have always been full of talk about "great stones with marks on them," and seem to have a terrible fear of such things.  They connect them in some way with their common racial legends about Buddai, the gigantic old man who lies asleep for ages underground with his head on his arm, and who will some day awake and eat up the world.

There are some very old and half-forgotten tales of enormous underground huts of great stones, where passages lead down and down, and where horrible things have happened.  The blackfellows claim that once some warriors, fleeing in battle, went down into one and never came back, but that frightful winds began to blow from the place soon after they went down.  However, there usually isn't much in what these natives say.

But what I have to tell is more than this.  Two years ago, when I was prospecting about 500 miles east in the desert, I came on a lot of queer pieces of dressed stone perhaps 3 X 2 X 2 feet in size, and weathered and pitted to the very limit.

At first I couldn't find any of the marks the blackfellows told about, but when I looked close enough I could make out some deeply carved lines in spite of the weathering.  There were peculiar curves, just like what the blackfellows had tried to describe.  I imagine there must have been thirty or forty blocks, some nearly buried in the sand, and all within a circle perhaps a quarter of a mile in diameter.

When I saw some, I looked around closely for more, and made a careful reckoning of the place with my instruments.  I also took pictures of ten or twelve of the most typical blocks, and will enclose the prints for you to see.

I turned my information and pictures over to the government at Perth, but they have done nothing about them.

Then I met Dr.  Boyle, who had read your articles in the Joumal of the American Psychological Society, and, in time, happened to mention the stones.  He was enormously interested, and became quite excited when I shewed him my snapshots, saying that the stones and the markings were just like those of the masonry you had dreamed about and seen described in legends.

He meant to write you, but was delayed.  Meanwhile, he sent me most of the magazines with your articles, and I saw at once, from your drawings and descriptions, that my stones are certainly the kind you mean.  You can appreciate this from the enclosed prints.  Later on you will hear directly from Dr.  Boyle.

Now I can understand how important all this will be to you.  Without question we are faced with the remains of an unknown civilization older than any dreamed of before, and forming a basis for your legends.

As a mining engineer, I have some knowledge of geology, and can tell you that these blocks are so ancient they frighten me.  They are mostly sandstone and granite, though one is almost certainly made of a queer sort of cement or concrete.

They bear evidence of water action, as if this part of the world had been submerged and come up again after long ages-all since those blocks were made and used.  It is a matter of hundreds of thousands of years-or heaven knows how much more.  I don't like to think about it.

In view of your previous diligent work in tracking down the legends and everything connected with them, I cannot doubt but that you will want to lead an expedition to the desert and make some archaeological excavations.  Both Dr.  Boyle and I are prepared to cooperate in such work if you-or organizations known to you-can furnish the funds.

I can get together a dozen miners for the heavy digging-the blackfellows would be of no use, for I've found that they have an almost maniacal fear of this particular spot.  Boyle and I are saying nothing to others, for you very obviously ought to have precedence in any discoveries or credit.

The place can be reached from Pilbarra in about four days by motor tractor-which we'd need for our apparatus.  It is somewhat west and south of Warburton's path of 1873, and 100 miles southeast of Joanna Spring.  We could float things up the De Grey River instead of starting from Pilbarra-but all that can be talked over later.

Roughly the stones lie at a point about 22 ° 3' 14" South Latitude, 125 ° 0' 39" East Longitude.  The climate is tropical, and the desert conditions are trying.

I shall welcome further correspondence upon this subject, and am keenly eager to assist in any plan you may devise.  After studying your articles I am deeply impressed with the profound significance of the whole matter.  Dr.  Boyle will write later.  When rapid communication is needed, a cable to Perth can be relayed by wireless.

Hoping profoundly for an early message,
Believe me,
Most faithfully yours,
Robert B.  F.  Mackenzie



Of the immediate aftermath of this letter, much can be learned from the press.  My good fortune in securing the backing of Miskatonic University was great, and both Mr.  Mackenzie and Dr.  Boyle proved invaluable in arranging matters at the Australian end.  We were not too specific with the public about our objects, since the whole matter would have lent itself unpleasantly to sensational and jocose treatment by the cheaper newspapers.  As a result, printed reports were sparing; but enough appeared to tell of our quest for reported Australian ruins and to chronicle our various preparatory steps.

Professor William Dyer of the college's geology department-leader of the Miskatonic Antarctic Expedition Of 1930-31-Ferdinand C.  Ashley of the department of ancient history, and Tyler M.  Freeborn of the department of anthropology-together with my son Wingate-accompanied me.

My correspondent, Mackenzie, came to Arkham early in 1935 and assisted in our final preparations.  He proved to be a tremendously competent and affable man of about fifty, admirably well-read, and deeply familiar with all the conditions of Australian travel.

He had tractors waiting at Pilbarra, and we chartered a tramp steamer sufficiently small to get up the river to that point.  We were prepared to excavate in the most careful and scientific fashion, sifting every particle of sand, and disturbing nothing which might seem to be in or near its original situation.

Sailing from Boston aboard the wheezy Lexington on March 28, 1935, we had a leisurely trip across the Atlantic and Mediterranean, through the Suez Canal, down the Red Sea, and across the Indian Ocean to our goal.  I need not tell how the sight of the low, sandy West Australian coast depressed me, and how I detested the crude mining town and dreary gold fields where the tractors were given their last loads.

Dr.  Boyle, who met us, proved to be elderly, pleasant, and intelligent-and his knowledge of psychology led him into many long discussions with my son and me.

Discomfort and expectancy were oddly mingled in most of us when at length our party of eighteen rattled forth over the arid leagues of sand and rock.  On Friday, May 31st, we forded a branch of the De Grey and entered the realm of utter desolation.  A certain positive terror grew on me as we advanced to this actual site of the elder world behind the legends-a terror, of course, abetted by the fact that my disturbing dreams and pseudo-memories still beset me with unabated force.

It was on Monday, June 3rd, that we saw the first of the half-buried blocks.  I cannot describe the emotions with which I actually touched-in objective reality-a fragment of Cyclopean masonry in every respect like the blocks in the walls of my dream-buildings.  There was a distinct trace of carving-and my hands trembled as I recognised part of a curvilinear decorative scheme made hellish to me through years of tormenting nightmare and baffling research.

A month of digging brought a total of some 1250 blocks in varying stages of wear and disintegration.  Most of these were carven megaliths with curved tops and bottoms.  A minority were smaller, flatter, plain-surfaced, and square or octagonally cut-like those of the floors and pavements in my dreams-while a few were singularly massive and curved or slanted in such a manner as to suggest use in vaulting or groining, or as parts of arches or round window casings.

The deeper-and the farther north and east-we dug, the more blocks we found; though we still failed to discover any trace of arrangement among them.  Professor Dyer was appalled at the measureless age of the fragments, and Freeborn found traces of symbols which fitted darkly into certain Papuan and Polynesian legends of infinite antiquity.  The condition and scattering of the blocks told mutely of vertiginous cycles of time and geologic upheavals of cosmic savagery.

We had an aëroplane with us, and my son Wingate would often go up to different heights and scan the sand-and-rock waste for signs of dim, large-scale outlines-either differences of level or trails of scattered blocks.  His results were virtually negative; for whenever he would one day think he had glimpsed some significant trend, he would on his next trip find the impression replaced by another equally insubstantial-a result of the shifting, wind-blown sand.

One or two of these ephemeral suggestions, though, affected me queerly and disagreeably.  They seemed, after a fashion, to dovetail horribly with something I had dreamed or read, but which I could no longer remember.  There was a terrible familiarity about them-which somehow made me look furtively and apprehensively over the abominable, sterile terrain toward the north and northeast.

Around the first week in July I developed an unaccountable set of mixed emotions about that general northeasterly region.  There was horror, and there was curiosity-but more than that, there was a persistent and perplexing illusion of memory.

I tried all sorts of psychological expedients to get these notions out of my head, but met with no success.  Sleeplessness also gained upon me, but I almost welcomed this because of the resultant shortening of my dream-periods.  I acquired the habit of taking long, lone walks in the desert late at night-usually to the north or northeast, whither the sum of my strange new impulses seemed subtly to pull me.

Sometimes, on these walks, I would stumble over nearly buried fragments of the ancient masonry.  Though there were fewer visible blocks here than where we had started, I felt sure that there must be a vast abundance beneath the surface.  The ground was less level than at our camp, and the prevailing high winds now and then piled the sand into fantastic temporary hillocks-exposing low traces of the elder stones while it covered other traces.

I was queerly anxious to have the excavations extend to this territory, yet at the same time dreaded what might be revealed.  Obviously, I was getting into a rather bad state-all the worse because I could not account for it.

An indication of my poor nervous health can be gained from my response to an odd discovery which I made on one of my nocturnal rambles.  It was on the evening of July l1th, when the moon flooded the mysterious hillocks with a curious pallor.

Wandering somewhat beyond my usual limits, I came upon a great stone which seemed to differ markedly from any we had yet encountered.  It was almost wholly covered, but I stooped and cleared away the sand with my hands, later studying the object carefully and supplementing the moonlight with my electric torch.

Unlike the other very large rocks, this one was perfectly square-cut, with no convex or concave surface.  It seemed, too, to be of a dark basaltic substance, wholly dissimilar to the granite and sandstone and occasional concrete of the now familiar fragments.

Suddenly I rose, turned, and ran for the camp at top speed.  It was a wholly unconscious and irrational flight, and only when I was close to my tent did I fully realise why I had run.  Then it came to me.  The queer dark stone was something which I had dreamed and read about, and which was linked with the uttermost horrors of the aeon-old legendry.

It was one of the blocks of that basaltic elder masonry which the fabled Great Race held in such fear-the tall, windowless ruins left by those brooding, half-material, alien things that festered in earth's nether abysses and against whose wind-like, invisible forces the trap-doors were sealed and the sleepless sentinels posted.

I remained awake all night, but by dawn realised how silly I had been to let the shadow of a myth upset me.  Instead of being frightened, I should have had a discoverer's enthusiasm.

The next forenoon I told the others about my find, and Dyer, Freeborn, Boyle, my son, and I set out to view the anomalous block.  Failure, however, confronted us.  I had formed no clear idea of the stone's location, and a late ind had wholly altered the hillocks of shifting sand.


VI

I come now to the crucial and most difficult part of my narrative-all the more difficult because I cannot be quite certain of its reality.  At times I feel uncomfortably sure that I was not dreaming or deluded; and it is this feelingin view of the stupendous implications which the objective truth of my experience would raise-which impels me to make this record.

My son-a trained psychologist with the fullest and most sympathetic knowledge of my whole case-shall be the primary judge of what I have to tell.

First let me outline the externals of the matter, as those at the camp know them.  On the night of July 17-18, after a windy day, I retired early but could not sleep.  Rising shortly before eleven, and afflicted as usual with that strange feeling regarding the northeastward terrain, I set out on one of my typical nocturnal walks; seeing and greeting only one person-an Australian miner named Tupper-as I left our precincts.

The moon, slightly past full, shone from a clear sky, and drenched the ancient sands with a white, leprous radiance which seemed to me somehow infinitely evil.  There was no longer any wind, nor did any return for nearly five hours, as amply attested by Tupper and others who saw me walking rapidly across the pallid, secret-guarding hillocks toward the northeast.

About 3: 30 a.  m.  a violent wind blew up, waking everyone in camp and felling three of the tents.  The sky was unclouded, and the desert still blazed with that leprous moonlight.  As the party saw to the tents my absence was noted, but in view of my previous walks this circumstance gave no one alarm.  And yet, as many as three men-all Australians-seemed to feel something sinister in the air.

Mackenzie explained to Professor Freeborn that this was a fear picked up from blackfellow folklore-the natives having woven a curious fabric of malignant myth about the high winds which at long intervals sweep across the sands under a clear sky.  Such winds, it is whispered, blow out of the great stone huts under the ground, where terrible things have happened-and are never felt except near places where the big marked stones are scattered.  Close to four the gale subsided as suddenly as it had begun, leaving the sand hills in new and unfamiliar shapes.

It was just past five, with the bloated, fungoid moon sinking in the west, when I staggered into camp-hatless, tattered, features scratched and ensanguined, and without my electric torch.  Most of the men had returned to bed, but Professor Dyer was smoking a pipe in front of his tent.  Seeing my winded and almost frenzied state, he called Dr.  Boyle, and the two of them got me on my cot and made me comfortable.  My son, roused by the stir, soon joined them, and they all tried to force me to lie still and attempt sleep.

But there was no sleep for me.  My psychological state was very extraordinary-different from anything I had previously suffered.  After a time I insisted upon talking-nervously and elaborately explaining my condition.  I told them I had become fatigued, and had lain down in the sand for a nap.  There had, I said, been dreams even more frightful than usual-and when I was awaked by the sudden high wind my overwrought nerves had snapped.  I had fled in panic, frequently falling over half-buried stones and thus gaining my tattered and bedraggled aspect.  I must have slept long-hence the hours of my absence.

Of anything strange either seen or experienced I hinted absolutely nothing-exercising the greatest self-control in that respect.  But I spoke of a change of mind regarding the whole work of the expedition, and urged a halt in all digging toward the northeast.  My reasoning was patently weak-for I mentioned a dearth of blocks, a wish not to offend the superstitious miners, a possible shortage of funds from the college, and other things either untrue or irrelevant.  Naturally, no one paid the least attention to my new wishes-not even my son, whose concern for my health was obvious.

The next day I was up and around the camp, but took no part in the excavations.  Seeing that I could not stop the work, I decided to return home as soon as possible for the sake of my nerves, and made my son promise to fly me in the plane to Perth-a thousand miles to the southwest-as soon as he had surveyed the region I wished let alone.

If, I reflected, the thing I had seen was still visible, I might decide to attempt a specific warning even at the cost of ridicule.  It was just conceivable that the miners who knew the local folklore might back me up.  Humouring me, my son made the survey that very afternoon, flying over all the terrain my walk could possibly have covered.  Yet nothing of what I had found remained in sight.

It was the case of the anomalous basalt block all over again-the shifting sand had wiped out every trace.  For an instant I half regretted having lost a certain awesome object in my stark fright-but now I know that the loss was merciful.  I can still believe my whole experience an illusion-especially if, as I devoutly hope, that hellish abyss is never found.

Wingate took me to Perth on July 20th, though declining to abandon the expedition and return home.  He stayed with me until the 25th, when the steamer for Liverpool sailed.  Now, in the cabin of the Empress, I am pondering long and frantically upon the entire matter, and have decided that my son at least must be informed.  It shall rest with him whether to diffuse the matter more widely.

In order to meet any eventuality I have prepared this summary of my background-as already known in a scattered way to others-and will now tell as briefly as possible what seemed to happen during my absence from the camp that hideous night.

Nerves on edge, and whipped into a kind of perverse eagerness by that inexplicable, dread-mingled, mnemonic urge toward the northeast, I plodded on beneath the evil, burning moon.  Here and there I saw, half shrouded by sand, those primal Cyclopean blocks left from nameless and forgotten aeons.

The incalculable age and brooding horror of this monstrous waste began to oppress me as never before, and I could not keep from thinking of my maddening dreams, of the frightful legends which lay behind them, and of the present fears of natives and miners concerning the desert and its carven stones.

And yet I plodded on as if to some eldritch rendezvous-more and more assailed by bewildering fancies, compulsions, and pseudo-memories.  I thought of some of the possible contours of the lines of stones as seen by my son from the air, and wondered why they seemed at once so ominous and so familiar.  Something was fumbling and rattling at the latch of my recollection, while another unknown force sought to keep the portal barred.

The night was windless, and the pallid sand curved upward and downward like frozen waves of the sea.  I had no goal, but somehow ploughed along as if with fate-bound assurance.  My dreams welled up into the waking world, so that each sand-embedded megalith seemed part of endless rooms and corridors of pre-human masonry, carved and hieroglyphed with symbols that I knew too well from years of custom as a captive mind of the Great Race.

At moments I fancied I saw those omniscient, conical horrors moving about at their accustomed tasks, and I feared to look down lest I find myself one with them in aspect.  Yet all the while I saw the sand-covered blocks as well as the rooms and corridors; the evil, burning moon as well as the lamps of luminous crystal; the endless desert as well as the waving ferns beyond the windows.  I was awake and dreaming at the same time.

I do not know how long or how far-or indeed, in just what direction-I had walked when I first spied the heap of blocks bared by the day's wind.  It was the largest group in one place that I had seen so far, and so sharply did it impress me that the visions of fabulous aeons faded suddenly away.

Again there were only the desert and the evil moon and the shards of an unguessed past.  I drew close and paused, and cast the added light of my electric torch over the tumbled pile.  A hillock had blown away, leaving a low, irregularly round mass of megaliths and smaller fragments some forty feet across and from two to eight feet high.

From the very outset I realized that there was some utterly unprecedented quality about those stones.  Not only was the mere number of them quite without parallel, but something in the sandworn traces of design arrested me as I scanned them under the mingled beams of the moon and my torch.

Not that any one differed essentially from the earlier specimens we had found.  It was something subtler than that.  The impression did not come when I looked at one block alone, but only when I ran my eye over several almost simultaneously.

Then, at last, the truth dawned upon me.  The curvilinear patterns on many of those blocks were closely related-parts of one vast decorative conception.  For the first time in this aeon-shaken waste I had come upon a mass of masonry in its old position-tumbled and fragmentary, it is true, but none the less existing in a very definite sense.

Mounting at a low place, I clambered laboriously over the heap; here and there clearing away the sand with my fingers, and constantly striving to interpret varieties of size, shape, and style, and relationships of design.

After a while I could vaguely guess at the nature of the bygone structure, and at the designs which had once stretched over the vast surfaces of the primal masonry.  The perfect identity of the whole with some of my dream-glimpses appalled and unnerved me.

This was once a Cyclopean corridor thirty feet tall, paved with octagonal blocks and solidly vaulted overhead.  There would have been rooms opening off on the right, and at the farther end one of those strange inclined planes would have wound down to still lower depths.

I started violently as these conceptions occurred to me, for there was more in them than the blocks themselves had supplied.  How did I know that this level should have been far underground? How did I know that the plane leading upward should have been behind me? How did I know that the long subterrene passage to the Square of Pillars ought to lie on the left one level above me?

How did I know that the room of machines and the rightward-leading tunnel to the central archives ought to lie two levels below? How did I know that there would be one of those horrible, metal-banded trap-doors at the very bottom four levels down? Bewildered by this intrusion from the dream-world, I found myself shaking and bathed in a cold perspiration.

Then, as a last, intolerable touch, I felt that faint, insidious stream of cool air trickling upward from a depressed place near the center of the huge heap.  Instantly, as once before, my visions faded, and I saw again only the evil moonlight, the brooding desert, and the spreading tumulus of palaeogean masonry.  Something real and tangible, yet fraught with infinite suggestions of nighted mystery, now confronted me.  For that stream of air could argue but one thing-a hidden gulf of great size beneath the disordered blocks on the surface.

My first thought was of the sinister blackfellow legends of vast underground huts among the megaliths where horrors happen and great winds are born.  Then thoughts of my own dreams came back, and I felt dim pseudo-memories tugging at my mind.  What manner of place lay below me? What primal, inconceivable source of age-old myth-cycles and haunting nightmares might I be on the brink of uncovering?

It was only for a moment that I hesitated, for more than curiosity and scientific zeal was driving me on and working against my growing fear.

I seemed to move almost automatically, as if in the clutch of some compelling fate.  Pocketing my torch, and struggling with a strength that I had not thought I possessed, I wrenched aside first one titan fragment of stone and then another, till there welled up a strong draught whose dampness contrasted oddly with the deserts dry air.  A black rift began to yawn, and at length-when I had pushed away every fragment small enough to budge-the leprous moonlight blazed on an aperture of ample width to admit me.

I drew out my torch and cast a brilliant beam into the opening.  Below me was a chaos of tumbled masonry, sloping roughly down toward the north at an angle of about forty-five degrees, and evidently the result of some bygone collapse from above.

Between its surface and the ground level was a gulf of impenetrable blackness at whose upper edge were signs of gigantic, stress-heaved vaulting.  At this point, it appeared, the deserts sands lay directly upon a floor of some titan structure of earth's youth-how preserved through aeons of geologic convulsion I could not then and cannot now even attempt to guess.

In retrospect, the barest idea of a sudden, lone descent into such a doubtful abyss-and at a time when one's whereabouts were unknown to any living soul-seems like the utter apex of insanity.  Perhaps it was-yet that night I embarked without hesitancy upon such a descent.

Again there was manifest that lure and driving of fatality which had all along seemed to direct my course.  With torch flashing intermittently to save the battery, I commenced a mad scramble down the sinister, Cyclopean incline below the opening-sometimes facing forward as I found good hand-and foot-holds, and at other times turning to face the heap of megaliths as I clung and fumbled more precariously.

In two directions beside me distant walls of carven, crumbling masonry loomed dimly under the direct beams of my torch.  Ahead, however, was only unbroken darkness.

I kept no track of time during my downward scramble.  So seething with baffling hints and images was my mind that all objective matters seemed withdrawn into incalculable distances.  Physical sensation was dead, and even fear remained as a wraith-like, inactive gargoyle leering impotently at me.

Eventually, I reached a level floor strewn with fallen blocks, shapeless fragments of stone, and sand and detritus of every kind.  On either side-perhaps thirty feet apart-rose massive walls culminating in huge groinings.  That they were carved I could just discern, but the nature of the carvings was beyond my perception.

What held me the most was the vaulting overhead.  The beam from my torch could not reach the roof, but the lower parts of the monstrous arches stood out distinctly.  And so perfect was their identity with what I had seen in countless dreams of the elder world, that I trembled actively for the first time.

Behind and high above, a faint luminous blur told of the distant moonlit world outside.  Some vague shred of caution warned me that I should not let it out of my sight, lest I have no guide for my return.

I now advanced toward the wall at my left, where the traces of carving were plainest.  The littered floor was nearly as hard to traverse as the downward heap had been, but I managed to pick my difficult way.

At one place I heaved aside some blocks and locked away the detritus to see what the pavement was like, and shuddered at the utter, fateful familiarity of the great octagonal stones whose buckled surface still held roughly together.

Reaching a convenient distance from the wall, I cast the searchlight slowly and carefully over its worn remnants of carving.  Some bygone influx of water seemed to have acted on the sandstone surface, while there were curious incrustations which I could not explain.

In places the masonry was very loose and distorted, and I wondered how many aeons more this primal, hidden edifice could keep its remaining traces of form amidst earth's heavings.

But it was the carvings themselves that excited me most.  Despite their time-crumbled state, they were relatively easy to trace at close range; and the complete, intimate familiarity of every detail almost stunned my imagination.

That the major attributes of this hoary masonry should be familiar, was not beyond normal credibility.

Powerfully impressing the weavers of certain myths, they had become embodied in a stream of cryptic lore which, somehow, coming to my notice during the amnesic period, had evoked vivid images in my subconscious mind.

But how could I explain the exact and minute fashion in which each line and spiral of these strange designs tallied with what I had dreamed for more than a score of years? What obscure, forgotten iconography could have reproduced each subtle shading and nuance which so persistently, exactly, and unvaryingly besieged my sleeping vision night after night?

For this was no chance or remote resemblance.  Definitely and absolutely, the millennially ancient, aeon-hidden corridor in which I stood was the original of something I knew in sleep as intimately as I knew my own house in Crane Street, Arkham.  True, my dreams shewed the place in its undecayed prime; but the identity was no less real on that account.  I was wholly and horribly oriented.

The particular structure I was in was known to me.  Known, too, was its place in that terrible elder city of dreams.  That I could visit unerringly any point in that structure or in that city which had escaped the changes and devastations of uncounted ages, I realized with hideous and instinctive certainty.  What in heaven's name could all this mean? How had I come to know what I knew? And what awful reality could lie behind those antique tales of the beings who had dwelt in this labyrinth of primordial stone?

Words can convey only fractionally the welter of dread and bewilderment which ate at my spirit.  I knew this place.  I knew what lay before me, and what had lain overhead before the myriad towering stories had fallen to dust and debris and the desert.  No need now, I thought with a shudder, to keep that faint blur of moonlight in view.

I was torn betwixt a longing to flee and a feverish mixture of burning curiosity and driving fatality.  What had happened to this monstrous megalopolis of old in the millions of years since the time of my dreams? Of the subterrene mazes which had underlain the city and linked all the titan towers, how much had still survived the writhings of earth's crust?

Had I come upon a whole buried world of unholy archaism? Could I still find the house of the writing master, and the tower where S ' gg ' ha, the captive mind from the star-headed vegetable carnivores of Antarctica, had chiselled certain pictures on the blank spaces of the walls?

Would the passage at the second level down, to the hall of the alien minds, be still unchoked and traversable? In that hall the captive mind of an incredible entity-a half-plastic denizen of the hollow interior of an unknown trans-Plutonian planet eighteen million years in the future-had kept a certain thing which it had modelled from clay.

I shut my eyes and put my hand to my head in a vain, pitiful effort to drive these insane dream-fragments from my consciousness.  Then, for the first time, I felt acutely the coolness, motion, and dampness of the surrounding air.  Shuddering, I realized that a vast chain of aeon-dead black gulfs must indeed be yawning somewhere beyond and below me.

I thought of the frightful chambers and corridors and inclines as I recalled them from my dreams.  Would the way to the central archives still be open? Again that driving fatality tugged insistently at my brain as I recalled the awesome records that once lay cased in those rectangular vaults of rustless metal.

There, said the dreams and legends, had reposed the whole history, past and future, of the cosmic space-time continuum-written by captive minds from every orb and every age in the solar system.  Madness, of course-but had I not now stumbled into a nighted world as mad as I?

I thought of the locked metal shelves, and of the curious knob twistings needed to open each one.  My own came vividly into my consciousness.  How often had I gone through that intricate routine of varied turns and pressures in the terrestrial vertebrate section on the lowest level! Every detail was fresh and familiar.

If there were such a vault as I had dreamed of, I could open it in a moment.  It was then that madness took me utterly.  An instant later, and I was leaping and stumbling over the rocky debris toward the well-remembered incline to the depths below.


VII

From that point forward my impressions are scarcely to be relied on-indeed, I still possess a final, desperate hope that they all form parts of some daemonic dream or illusion born of delirium.  A fever raged in my brain, and everything came to me through a kind of haze-sometimes only intermittently.

The rays of my torch shot feebly into the engulfing blackness, bringing phantasmal flashes of hideously familiar walls and carvings, all blighted with the decay of ages.  In one place a tremendous mass of vaulting had fallen, so that I had to clamber over a mighty mound of stones reaching almost to the ragged, grotesquely stalactited roof.

It was all the ultimate apex of nightmare, made worse by the blasphemous tug of pseudo-memory.  One thing only was unfamiliar, and that was my own size in relation to the monstrous masonry.  I felt oppressed by a sense of unwonted smallness, as if the sight of these towering walls from a mere human body was something wholly new and abnormal.  Again and again I looked nervously down at myself, vaguely disturbed by the human form I possessed.

Onward through the blackness of the abyss I leaped, plunged, and staggered-often falling and bruising myself, and once nearly shattering my torch.  Every stone and corner of that daemonic gulf was known to me, and at many points I stopped to cast beams of light through choked and crumbling, yet familiar, archways.

Some rooms had totally collapsed; others were bare, or debris-filled.  In a few I saw masses of metal-some fairly intact, some broken, and some crushed or battered-which I recognised as the colossal pedestals or tables of my dreams.  What they could in truth have been, I dared not guess.

I found the downward incline and began its descent-though after a time halted by a gaping, ragged chasm whose narrowest point could not be much less than four feet across.  Here the stonework had fallen through, revealing incalculable inky depths beneath.

I knew there were two more cellar levels in this titan edifice, and trembled with fresh panic as I recalled the metal-clamped trap-door on the lowest one.  There could be no guards now-for what had lurked beneath had long since done its hideous work and sunk into its long decline.  By the time of the posthuman beetle race it would be quite dead.  And yet, as I thought of the native legends, I trembled anew.

It cost me a terrible effort to vault that yawning chasm, since the littered floor prevented a running start-but madness drove me on.  I chose a place close to the left-hand wall-where the rift was least wide and the landing-spot reasonably clear of dangerous debris-and after one frantic moment reached the other side in safety.

At last, gaining the lower level, I stumbled on past the archway of the room of machines, within which were fantastic ruins of metal, half buried beneath fallen vaulting.  Everything was where I knew it would be, and I climbed confidently over the heaps which barred the entrance of a vast transverse corridor.  This, I realised, would take me under the city to the central archives.

Endless ages seemed to unroll as I stumbled, leaped, and crawled along that debris-cluttered corridor.  Now and then I could make out carvings on the ages-tained walls-some familiar, others seemingly added since the period of my dreams.  Since this was a subterrene house-connecting highway, there were no archways save when the route led through the lower levels of various buildings.

At some of these intersections I turned aside long enough to look down well-remembered corridors and into well-remembered rooms.  Twice only did I find any radical changes from what I had dreamed of-and in one of these cases I could trace the sealed-up outlines of the archway I remembered.

I shook violently, and felt a curious surge of retarding weakness, as I steered a hurried and reluctant course through the crypt of one of those great windowless, ruined towers whose alien, basalt masonry bespoke a whispered and horrible origin.

This primal vault was round and fully two hundred feet across, with nothing carved upon the dark-hued stonework.  The floor was here free from anything save dust and sand, and I could see the apertures leading upward and downward.  There were no stairs or inclines-indeed, my dreams had pictured those elder towers as wholly untouched by the fabulous Great Race.  Those who had built them had not needed stairs or inclines.

In the dreams, the downward aperture had been tightly sealed and nervously guarded.  Now it lay open-black and yawning, and giving forth a current of cool, damp air.  Of what limitless caverns of eternal night might brood below, I would not permit myself to think.

Later, clawing my way along a badly heaped section of the corridor, I reached a place where the roof had wholly caved in.  The debris rose like a mountain, and I climbed up over it, passing through a vast, empty space where my torchlight could reveal neither walls nor vaulting.  This, I reflected, must be the cellar of the house of the metal-purveyors, fronting on the third square not far from the archives.  What had happened to it I could not conjecture.

I found the corridor again beyond the mountain of detritus and stone, but after a short distance encountered a wholly choked place where the fallen vaulting almost touched the perilously sagging ceiling.  How I managed to wrench and tear aside enough blocks to afford a passage, and how I dared disturb the tightly packed fragments when the least shift of equilibrium might have brought down all the tons of superincumbent masonry to crush me to nothingness, I do not know.

It was sheer madness that impelled and guided me-if, indeed, my whole underground adventure was not-as I hope-a hellish delusion or phase of dreaming.  But I did make-or dream that I made-a passage that I could squirm through.  As I wiggled over the mound of debris-my torch, switched continuously on, thrust deeply in my mouth-I felt myself torn by the fantastic stalactites of the jagged floor above me.

I was now close to the great underground archival structure which seemed to form my goal.  Sliding and clambering down the farther side of the barrier, and picking my way along the remaining stretch of corridor with hand-held, intermittently flashing torch, I came at last to a low, circular crypt with arches-still in a marvelous state of preservation-opening off on every side.

The walls, or such parts of them as lay within reach of my torchlight, were densely hieroglyphed and chiselled with typical curvilinear symbols-some added since the period of my dreams.

This, I realised, was my fated destination, and I turned at once through a familiar archway on my left.  That I could find a clear passage up and down the incline to all the surviving levels, I had, oddly, little doubt.  This vast, earth-protected pile, housing the annals of all the solar system, had been built with supernal skill and strength to last as long as that system itself.

Blocks of stupendous size, poised with mathematical genius and bound with cements of incredible toughness, had combined to form a mass as firm as the planet's rocky core.  Here, after ages more prodigious than I could sanely grasp, its buried bulk stood in all its essential contours, the vast, dust-drifted floors scarce sprinkled with the litter elsewhere so dominant.

The relatively easy walking from this point onward went curiously to my head.  All the frantic eagerness hitherto frustrated by obstacles now took itself out in a kind of febrile speed, and I literally raced along the low-roofed, monstrously well-remembered aisles beyond the archway.

I was past being astonished by the familiarity of what I saw.  On every hand the great hieroglyphed metal shelf-doors loomed monstrously; some yet in place, others sprung open, and still others bent and buckled under bygone geological stresses not quite strong enough to shatter the titan masonry.

Here and there a dust-covered heap beneath a gaping, empty shelf seemed to indicate where cases had been shaken down by earth tremors.  On occasional pillars were great symbols or letters proclaiming classes and subclasses of volumes.

Once I paused before an open vault where I saw some of the accustomed metal cases still in position amidst the omnipresent gritty dust.  Reaching up, I dislodged one of the thinner specimens with some difficulty, and rested it on the floor for inspection.  It was titled in the prevailing curvilinear hieroglyphs, though something in the arrangement of the characters seemed subtly unusual.

The odd mechanism of the hooked fastener was perfectly well known to me, and I snapped up the still rustless and workable lid and drew out the book within.  The latter, as expected, was some twenty by fifteen inches in area, and two inches thick; the thin metal covers opening at the top.

Its tough cellulose pages seemed unaffected by the myriad cycles of time they had lived through, and I studied the queerly pigmented, brush-drawn letters of the text-symbols unlike either the usual curved hieroglyphs or any alphabet known to human scholarship-with a haunting, half-aroused memory.

It came to me that this was the language used by a captive mind I had known slightly in my dreams-a mind from a large asteroid on which had survived much of the archaic life and lore of the primal planet whereof it formed a fragment.  At the same time I recalled that this level of the archives was devoted to volumes dealing with the non-terrestrial planets.

As I ceased poring over this incredible document I saw that the light of my torch was beginning to fail, hence quickly inserted the extra battery I always had with me.  Then, armed with the stronger radiance, I resumed my feverish racing through unending tangles of aisles and corridors-recognising now and then some familiar shelf, and vaguely annoyed by the acoustic conditions which made my footfalls echo incongruously in these catacombs.

The very prints of my shoes behind me in the millennially untrodden dust made me shudder.  Never before, if my mad dreams held anything of truth, had human feet pressed upon those immemorial pavements.

Of the particular goal of my insane racing, my conscious mind held no hint.  There was, however, some force of evil potency pulling at my dazed will and buried recollection, so that I vaguely felt I was not running at random.

I came to a downward incline and followed it to profounder depths.  Floors flashed by me as I raced, but I did not pause to explore them.  In my whirling brain there had begun to beat a certain rhythm which set my right hand twitching in unison.  I wanted to unlock something, and felt that I knew all the intricate twists and pressures needed to do it.  It would be like a modern safe with a combination lock.

Dream or not, I had once known and still knew.  How any dream-or scrap of unconsciously absorbed legend-could have taught me a detail so minute, so intricate, and so complex, I did not attempt to explain to myself.  I was beyond all coherent thought.  For was not this whole experience-this shocking familiarity with a set of unknown ruins, and this monstrously exact identity of everything before me with what only dreams and scraps of myth could have suggested-a horror beyond all reason?

Probably it was my basic conviction then-as it is now during my saner moments-that I was not awake at all, and that the entire buried city was a fragment of febrile hallucination.

Eventually, I reached the lowest level and struck off to the right of the incline.  For some shadowy reason I tiled to soften my steps, even though I lost speed thereby.  There was a space I was afraid to cross on this last, deeply buried floor.

As I drew near it I recalled what thing in that space I feared.  It was merely one of the metal-barred and closely guarded trap-doors.  There would be no guards now, and on that account I trembled and tiptoed as I had done in passing through that black basalt vault where a similar trap-door had yawned.

I felt a current of cool, damp air as I had felt there, and wished that my course led in another direction.  Why I had to take the particular course I was taking, I did not know.

When I came to the space I saw that the trap-door yawned widely open.  Ahead, the shelves began again, and I glimpsed on the floor before one of them a heap very thinly covered with dust, where a number of cases had recently fallen.  At the same moment a fresh wave of panic clutched me, though for some time I could not discover why.

Heaps of fallen cases were not uncommon, for all through the aeons this lightless labyrinth had been racked by the heavings of earth and had echoed at intervals of the deafening clatter of toppling objects.  It was only when I was nearly across the space that I realized why I shook so violently.

Not the heap, but something about the dust of the level floor was troubling me.  In the light of my torch it seemed as if that dust were not as even as it ought to be-there were places where it looked thinner, as if it had been disturbed not many months before.  I could not be sure, for even the apparently thinner places were dusty enough; yet a certain suspicion of regularity in the fancied unevenness was highly disquieting.

When I brought the torchlight close to one of the queer places I did not like what I saw-for the illusion of regularity became very great.  It was as if there were regular lines of composite impressions-impressions that went in threes, each slightly over a foot square, and consisting of five nearly circular three-inch prints, one in advance of the other four.

These possible lines of foot-square impressions appeared to lead in two directions, as if something had gone somewhere and returned.  They were, of course, very faint, and may have been illusions or accidents; but there was an element of dim, fumbling terror about the way I thought they ran.  For at one end of them was the heap of cases which must have clattered down not long before, while at the other end was the ominous trap-door with the cool, damp wind, yawning unguarded down to abysses past imagination.


VIII

That my strange sense of compulsion was deep and overwhelming is shewn by its conquest of my fear.  No rational motive could have drawn me on after that hideous suspicion of prints and the creeping dream-memories it excited.  Yet my right hand, even as it shook with fright, still twitched rhythmically in its eagerness to turn a lock it hoped to find.  Before I knew it I was past the heap of lately fallen cases and running on tiptoe through aisles of utterly unbroken dust toward a point which I seemed to know morbidly, horribly well.

My mind was asking itself questions whose origin and relevancy I was only beginning to guess.  Would the shelf be reachable by a human body? Could my human hand master all the aeon-remembered motions of the lock? Would the lock be undamaged and workable? And what would I do-what dare I do with what-as I now commenced to realise-I both hoped and feared to find? Would it prove the awesome, brain-shattering truth of something past normal conception, or shew only that I was dreaming?

The next I knew I had ceased my tiptoed racing and was standing still, staring at a row of maddeningly familiar hieroglyphed shelves.  They were in a state of almost perfect preservation, and only three of the doors in this vicinity had sprung open.

My feelings toward these shelves cannot be described-so utter and insistent was the sense of old acquaintance.  I was looking high up at a row near the top and wholly out of my reach, and wondering how I could climb to best advantage.  An open door four rows from the bottom would help, and the locks of the closed doors formed possible holds for hands and feet.  I would grip the torch between my teeth, as I had in other places where both hands were needed.  Above all I must make no noise.

How to get down what I wished to remove would be difficult, but I could probably hook its movable fastener in my coat collar and carry it like a knapsack.  Again I wondered whether the lock would be undamaged.  That I could repeat each familiar motion I had not the least doubt.  But I hoped the thing would not scrape or creak-and that my hand could work it properly.

Even as I thought these things I had taken the torch in my mouth and begun to climb.  The projecting locks were poor supports; but, as I had expected, the opened shelf helped greatly.  I used both the swinging door and the edge of the aperture itself in my ascent, and managed to avoid any loud creaking.

Balanced on the upper edge of the door, and leaning far to my right, I could just reach the lock I sought.  My fingers, half numb from climbing, were very clumsy at first; but I soon saw that they were anatomically adequate.  And the memory-rhythm was strong in them.

Out of unknown gulfs of time the intricate, secret motions had somehow reached my brain correctly in every detail-for after less than five minutes of trying there came a click whose familiarity was all the more startling because I had not consciously anticipated it.  In another instant the metal door was slowly swinging open with only the faintest grating sound.

Dazedly I looked over the row of greyish case ends thus exposed, and felt a tremendous surge of some wholly inexplicable emotion.  Just within reach of my right hand was a case whose curving hieroglyphs made me shake with a pang infinitely more complex than one of mere fright.  Still shaking, I managed to dislodge it amidst a shower of gritty flakes, and ease it over toward myself without any violent noise.

Like the other case I had handled, it was slightly more than twenty by fifteen inches in size, with curved mathematical designs in low relief.  In thickness it just exceeded three inches.

Crudely wedging it between myself and the surface I was climbing, I fumbled with the fastener and finally got the hook free.  Lifting the cover, I shifted the heavy object to my back, and let the hook catch hold of my collar.  Hands now free, I awkwardly clambered down to the dusty floor, and prepared to inspect my prize.

Kneeling in the gritty dust, I swung the case around and rested it in front of me.  My hands shook, and I dreaded to draw out the book within almost as much as I longed-and felt compelled-to do so.  It had very gradually become clear to me what I ought to find, and this realisation nearly paralysed my faculties.

If the thing were there-and if I were not dreaining-the implications would be quite beyond the power of the human spirit to bear.  What tormented me most was my momentary inability to feel that my surroundings were a dream.  The sense of reality was hideous-and again becomes so as I recall the scene.

At length I tremblingly pulled the book from its container and stared fascinatedly at the well-known hieroglyphs on the cover.  It seemed to be in prime condition, and the curvilinear letters of the title held me in almost as hypnotised a state as if I could read them.  Indeed, I cannot swear that I did not actually read them in some transient and terrible access of abnormal memory.

I do not know how long it was before I dared to lift that thin metal cover.  I temporized and made excuses to myself.  I took the torch from my mouth and shut it off to save the battery.  Then, in the dark, I collected my courage finally lifting the cover without turning on the light.  Last of all, I did indeed flash the torch upon the exposed page-steeling myself in advance to suppress any sound no matter what I should find.

I looked for an instant, then collapsed.  Clenching my teeth, however, I kept silent.  I sank wholly to the floor and put a hand to my forehead amidst the engulfing blackness.  What I dreaded and expected was there.  Either I was dreaming, or time and space had become a mockery.

I must be dreaming-but I would test the horror by carrying this thing back and shewing it to my son if it were indeed a reality.  My head swam frightfully, even though there were no visible objects in the unbroken gloom to swirl about me.  Ideas and images of the starkest terror-excited by vistas which my glimpse had opened up-began to throng in upon me and cloud my senses.

I thought of those possible prints in the dust, and trembled at the sound of my own breathing as I did so.  Once again I flashed on the light and looked at the page as a serpent's victim may look at his destroyer's eyes and fangs.

Then, with clumsy fingers, in the dark, I closed the book, put it in its container, and snapped the lid and the curious, hooked fastener.  This was what I must carry back to the outer world if it truly existed-if the whole abyss truly existed-if I, and the world itself, truly existed.

Just when I tottered to my feet and commenced my return I cannot be certain.  It comes to me oddly-as a measure of my sense of separation from the normal world-that I did not even once look at my watch during those hideous hours nderground.

Torch in hand, and with the ominous case under one arm, I eventually found myself tiptoeing in a kind of silent panic past the draught-giving abyss and those lurking suggestions of prints.  I lessened my precautions as I climbed up the endless inclines, but could not shake off a shadow of apprehension which I had not felt on the downward journey.

I dreaded having to repass through the black basalt crypt that was older than the city itself, where cold draughts welled up from unguarded depths.  I thought of that which the Great Race had feared, and of what might still be lurking-be it ever so weak and dying-down there.  I thought of those five-circle prints and of what my dreams had told me of such prints-and of strange winds and whistling noises associated with them.  And I thought of the tales of the modern blackfellows, wherein the horror of great winds and nameless subterrene ruins was dwelt upon.

I knew from a carven wall symbol the right floor to enter, and came at last after passing that other book I had examined-to the great circular space with the branching archways.  On my right, and at once recognisable, was the arch through which I had arrived.  This I now entered, conscious that the rest of my course would be harder because of the tumbled state of the masonry outside the archive building.  My new metal-eased burden weighed upon me, and I found it harder and harder to be quiet as I stumbled among debris and fragments of every sort.

Then I came to the ceiling-high mound of debris through which I had wrenched a scanty passage.  My dread at wriggling through again was infinite, for my first passage had made some noise, and I now-after seeing those possible prints-dreaded sound above all things.  The case, too, doubled the problem of traversing the narrow crevice.

But I clambered up the barrier as best I could, and pushed the case through the aperture ahead of me.  Then, torch in mouth, I scrambled through myself-my back torn as before by stalactites.

As I tried to grasp the case again, it fell some distance ahead of me down the slope of the debris, making a disturbing clatter and arousing echoes which sent me into a cold perspiration.  I lunged for it at once, and regained it without further noise-but a moment afterward the slipping of blocks under my feet raised a sudden and unprecedented din.

The din was my undoing.  For, falsely or not, I thought I heard it answered in a terrible way from spaces far behind me.  I thought I heard a shrill, whistling sound, like nothing else on earth, and beyond any adequate verbal description.  If so, what followed has a grim irony-since, save for the panic of this thing, the second thing might never have happened.

As it was, my frenzy was absolute and unrelieved.  Taking my torch in my hand and clutching feebly at the case, I leaped and bounded wildly ahead with no idea in my brain beyond a mad desire to race out of these nightmare ruins to the waking world of desert and moonlight which lay so far above.

I hardly knew it when I reached the mountain of debris which towered into the vast blackness beyond the caved-in roof, and bruised and cut myself repeatedly in scrambling up its steep slope of jagged blocks and fragments.

Then came the great disaster.  Just as I blindly crossed the summit, unprepared for the sudden dip ahead, my feet slipped utterly and I found myself involved in a mangling avalanche of sliding masonry whose cannon-loud uproar split the black cavern air in a deafening series of earth-shaking reverberations.

I have no recollection of emerging from this chaos, but a momentary fragment of consciousness shows me as plunging and tripping and scrambling along the corridor amidst the clangour-case and torch still with me.

Then, just as I approached that primal basalt crypt I had so dreaded, utter madness came.  For as the echoes of the avalanche died down, there became audible a repetition of that frightful alien whistling I thought I had heard before.  This time there was no doubt about it-and what was worse, it came from a point not behind but ahead of me.

Probably I shrieked aloud then.  I have a dim picture of myself as flying through the hellish basalt vault of the elder things, and hearing that damnable alien sound piping up from the open, unguarded door of limitless nether blacknesses.  There was a wind, too-not merely a cool, damp draught, but a violent, purposeful blast belching savagely and frigidly from that abominable gulf whence the obscene whistling came.

There are memories of leaping and lurching over obstacles of every sort, with that torrent of wind and shrieking sound growing moment by moment, and seeming to curl and twist purposefully around me as it struck out wickedly from the spaces behind and beneath.

Though in my rear, that wind had the odd effect of hindering instead of aiding my progress; as if it acted like a noose or lasso thrown around me.  Heedless of the noise I made, I clattered over a great barrier of blocks and was again in the structure that led to the surface.

I recall glimpsing the archway to the room of machines and almost crying out as I saw the incline leading down to where one of those blasphemous trap-doors must be yawning two levels below.  But instead of crying out I muttered over and over to myself that this was all a dream from which I must soon awake.  Perhaps I was in camp-perhaps I was at home in Arkham.  As these hopes bolstered up my sanity I began to mount the incline to the higher level.

I knew, of course, that I had the four-foot cleft to re-cross, yet was too racked by other fears to realise the full horror until I came almost upon it.  On my descent, the leap across had been easy-but could I clear the gap as readily when going uphill, and hampered by fright, exhaustion, the weight of the metal case, and the anomalous backward tug of that daemon wind? I thought of these things at the last moment, and thought also of the nameless entities which might be lurking in the black abysses below the chasm.

My wavering torch was growing feeble, but I could tell by some obscure memory when I neared the cleft.  The chill blasts of wind and the nauseous whistling shrieks behind me were for the moment like a merciful opiate, dulling my imagination to the horror of the yawning gulf ahead.  And then I became aware of the added blasts and whistling in front of me-tides of abomination surging up through the cleft itself from depths unimagined and unimaginable.

Now, indeed, the essence of pure nightmare was upon me.  Sanity departed-and, ignoring everything except the animal impulse of flight, I merely struggled and plunged upward over the incline's debris as if no gulf had existed.  Then I saw the chasm's edge, leaped frenziedly with every ounce of strength I possessed, and was instantly engulfed in a pandaemoniae vortex of loathsome sound and utter, materially tangible blackness.

This is the end of my experience, so far as I can recall.  Any further impressions belong wholly to the domain of phantasmagoria delirium.  Dream, madness, and memory merged wildly together in a series of fantastic, fragmentary delusions which can have no relation to anything real.

There was a hideous fall through incalculable leagues of viscous, sentient darkness, and a babel of noises utterly alien to all that we know of the earth and its organic life.  Dormant, rudimentary senses seemed to start into vitality within me, telling of pits and voids peopled by floating horrors and leading to sunless crags and oceans and teeming cities of windowless, basalt towers upon which no light ever shone.

Secrets of the primal planet and its immemorial aeons flashed through my brain without the aid of sight or sound, and there were known to me things which not even the wildest of my former dreams had ever suggested.  And all the while cold fingers of damp vapor clutched and picked at me, and that eldritch, damnable whistling shrieked fiendishly above all the alternations of babel and silence in the whirlpools of darkness around.

Afterward there were visions of the Cyclopean city of my dreams-not in ruins, but just as I had dreamed of it.  I was in my conical, non-human body again, and mingled with crowds of the Great Race and the captive minds who carried books up and down the lofty corridors and vast inclines.

Then, superimposed upon these pictures, were frightful, momentary flashes of a non-vistial consciousness involving desperate struggles, a writhing free from clutching tentacles of whistling wind, an insane, bat-like flight through half-solid air, a feverish burrowing through the cyclone-whipped dark, and a wild stumbling and scrambling over fallen masonry.

Once there was a curious, intrusive flash of half sight-a faint, diffuse suspicion of bluish radiance far overhead.  Then there came a dream of wind-pursued climbing and crawling-of wriggling into a blaze of sardonic moonlight through a jumble of debris which slid and collapsed after me amidst a morbid hurricane.  It was the evil, monotonous beating of that maddening moonlight which at last told me of the return of what I had once known as the objective, waking world.

I was clawing prone through the sands of the Australian desert, and around me shrieked such a tumult of wind as I had never before known on our planet's surface.  My clothing was in rags, and my whole body was a mass of bruises and scratches.

Full consciousness returned very slowly, and at no time could I tell just where delirious dream left off and true memory began.  There had seemed to be a mound of titan blocks, an abyss beneath it, a monstrous revelation from the past, and a nightmare horror at the end-but how much of this was real?

My flashlight was gone, and likewise any metal case I may have discovered.  Had there been such a case-or any abyss-or any mound? Raising my head, I looked behind me, and saw only the sterile, undulant sands of the desert.

The daemon wind died down, and the bloated, fungoid moon sank reddeningly in the west.  I lurched to my feet and began to stagger southwestward toward the camp.  What in truth had happened to me? Had I merely collapsed in the desert and dragged a dream-racked body over miles of sand and buried blocks? If not, how could I bear to live any longer?

For, in this new doubt, all my faith in the myth-born unreality of my visions dissolved once more into the hellish older doubting.  If that abyss was real, then the Great Race was real-and its blasphemous reachings and seizures in the cosmos-wide vortex of time were no myths or nightmares, but a terrible, soul-shattering actuality.

Had I, in full, hideous fact, been drawn back to a pre-human world of a hundred and fifty million years ago in those dark, baffling days of the amnesia? Had my present body been the vehicle of a frightful alien consciousness from palaeogean gulfs of time?

Had I, as the captive mind of those shambling horrors, indeed known that accursed city of stone in its primordial heyday, and wriggled down those familiar corridors in the loathsome shape of my captor? Were those tormenting dreams of more than twenty years the offspring of stark, monstrous memories?

Had I once veritably talked with minds from reachless corners of time and space, learned the universe's secrets, past and to come, and written the annals of my own world for the metal cases of those titan archives? And were those others-those shocking elder things of the mad winds and daemon pipings-in truth a lingering, lurking menace, waiting and slowly weakening in black abysses while varied shapes of life drag out their multimillennial courses on the planet's age-racked surface?

I do not know.  If that abyss and what I held were real, there is no hope.  Then, all too truly, there lies upon this world of man a mocking and incredible shadow out of time.  But, mercifully, there is no proof that these things are other than fresh phases of my myth-born dreams.  I did not bring back the metal case that would have been a proof, and so far those subterrene corridors have not been found.

If the laws of the universe are kind, they will never be found.  But I must tell my son what I saw or thought I saw, and let him use his judgment as a psychologist in gauging the reality of my experience, and communicating this account to others.

I have said that the awful truth behind my tortured years of dreaming hinges absolutely upon the actuality of what I thought I saw in those Cyclopean, buried ruins.  It has been hard for me, literally, to set down that crucial revelation, though no reader can have failed to guess it.  Of course, it lay in that book within the metal case-the case which I pried out of its lair amidst the dust of a million centuries.

No eye had seen, no hand had touched that book since the advent of man to this planet.  And yet, when I flashed my torch upon it in that frightful abyss, I saw that the queerly pigmented letters on the brittle, aeon-browned cellulose pages were not indeed any nameless hieroglyphs of earth's youth.  They were, instead, the letters of our familiar alphabet, spelling out the words of the English language in my own handwriting.





From a private hospital for the insane near Providence, Rhode Island, there
recently disappeared an exceedingly singular person.  He bore the name of
Charles Dexter Ward, and was placed under restraint most reluctantly by the
grieving father who had watched his aberration grow from a mere eccentricity
to a dark mania involving both a possibility of murderous tendencies and
a profound and peculiar change in the apparent contents of his mind.  Doctors
confess themselves quite baffled by his case, since it presented oddities
of a general physiological as well as psychological character.

In the first place, the patient seemed oddly older than his twenty-six years
would warrant.  Mental disturbance, it is true, will age one rapidly; but
the face of this young man had taken on a subtle cast which only the very
aged normally acquire.  In the second place, his organic processes shewed
a certain queerness of proportion which nothing in medical experience can
parallel.  Respiration and heart action had a baffling lack of symmetry; the
voice was lost, so that no sounds above a whisper were possible; digestion
was incredibly prolonged and minimised, and neural reactions to standard
stimuli bore no relation at all to anything heretofore recorded, either normal
or pathological.  The skin had a morbid chill and dryness, and the cellular
structure of the tissue seemed exaggeratedly coarse and loosely knit.  Even
a large olive birthmark on the right hip had disappeared, whilst there had
formed on the chest a very peculiar mole or blackish spot of which no trace
existed before.  In general, all physicians agree that in Ward the processes
of metabolism had become retarded to a degree beyond precedent.

Psychologically, too, Charles Ward was unique.  His madness held no affinity
to any sort recorded in even the latest and most exhaustive of treatises,
and was conjoined to a mental force which would have made him a genius or
a leader had it not been twisted into strange and grotesque forms.  Dr.  Willett,
who was Ward's family physician, affirms that the patient's gross mental
capacity, as gauged by his response to matters outside the sphere of his
insanity, had actually increased since the seizure.  Ward, it is true, was
always a scholar and an antiquarian; but even his most brilliant early work
did not shew the prodigious grasp and insight displayed during his last
examinations by the alienists.  It was, indeed, a difficult matter to obtain
a legal commitment to the hospital, so powerful and lucid did the youth's
mind seem; and only on the evidence of others, and on the strength of many
abnormal gaps in his stock of information as distinguished from his intelligence,
was he finally placed in confinement.  To the very moment of his vanishment
he was an omnivorous reader and as great a conversationalist as his poor
voice permitted; and shrewd observers, failing to foresee his escape, freely
predicted that he would not be long in gaining his discharge from custody.

Only Dr.  Willett, who brought Charles Ward into the world and had watched
his growth of body and mind ever since, seemed frightened at the thought
of his future freedom.  He had had a terrible experience and had made a terrible
discovery which he dared not reveal to his sceptical colleagues.  Willett,
indeed, presents a minor mystery all his own in his connexion with the case.
He was the last to see the patient before his flight, and emerged from that
final conversation in a state of mixed horror and relief which several recalled
when Ward's escape became known three hours later.  That escape itself is
one of the unsolved wonders of Dr.  Waite's hospital.  A window open above
a sheer drop of sixty feet could hardly explain it, yet after that talk with
Willett the youth was undeniably gone.  Willett himself has no public explanations
to offer, though he seems strangely easier in mind than before the escape.
Many, indeed, feel that he would like to say more if he thought any considerable
number would believe him.  He had found Ward in his room, but shortly after
his departure the attendants knocked in vain.  When they opened the door the
patient was not there, and all they found was the open window with a chill
April breeze blowing in a cloud of fine bluish-grey dust that almost choked
them.  True, the dogs howled some time before; but that was while Willett
was still present, and they had caught nothing and shewn no disturbance later
on.  Ward's father was told at once over the telephone, but he seemed more
saddened than surprised.  By the time Dr.  Waite called in person, Dr.  Willett
had been talking with him, and both disavowed any knowledge or complicity
in the escape.  Only from certain closely confidential friends of Willett
and the senior Ward have any clues been gained, and even these are too wildly
fantastic for general credence.  The one fact which remains is that up to
the present time no trace of the missing madman has been unearthed.

Charles Ward was an antiquarian from infancy, no doubt gaining his taste
from the venerable town around him, and from the relics of the past which
filled every corner of his parents' old mansion in Prospect Street on the
crest of the hill.  With the years his devotion to ancient things increased;
so that history, genealogy, and the study of colonial architecture, furniture,
and craftsmanship at length crowded everything else from his sphere of interests.
These tastes are important to remember in considering his madness; for although
they do not form its absolute nucleus, they play a prominent part in its
superficial form.  The gaps of information which the alienists noticed were
all related to modern matters, and were invariably offset by a correspondingly
excessive though outwardly concealed knowledge of bygone matters as brought
out by adroit questioning; so that one would have fancied the patient literally
transferred to a former age through some obscure sort of auto-hypnosis.  The
odd thing was that Ward seemed no longer interested in the antiquities he
knew so well.  He had, it appears, lost his regard for them through sheer
familiarity; and all his final efforts were obviously bent toward mastering
those common facts of the modern world which had been so totally and unmistakably
expunged from his brain.  That this wholesale deletion had occurred, he did
his best to hide; but it was clear to all who watched him that his whole
programme of reading and conversation was determined by a frantic wish to
imbibe such knowledge of his own life and of the ordinary practical and cultural
background of the twentieth century as ought to have been his by virtue of
his birth in 1902 and his education in the schools of our own time.  Alienists
are now wondering how, in view of his vitally impaired range of data, the
escaped patient manages to cope with the complicated world of today; the
dominant opinion being that he is "lying low" in some humble and unexacting
position till his stock of modern information can be brought up to the
normal.

The beginning of Ward's madness is a matter of dispute among alienists.  Dr.
Lyman, the eminent Boston authority, places it in 1919 or 1920, during the
boy's last year at the Moses Brown School, when he suddenly turned from the
study of the past to the study of the occult, and refused to qualify for
college on the ground that he had individual researches of much greater
importance to make.  This is certainly borne out by Ward's altered habits
at the time, especially by his continual search through town records and
among old burying-grounds for a certain grave dug in 1771; the grave of an
ancestor named Joseph Curwen, some of whose papers he professed to have found
behind the panelling of a very old house in Olney Court, on Stampers' Hill,
which Curwen was known to have built and occupied.  It is, broadly speaking,
undeniable that the winter of 1919-20 saw a great change in Ward; whereby
he abruptly stopped his general antiquarian pursuits and embarked on a desperate
delving into occult subjects both at home and abroad, varied only by this
strangely persistent search for his forefather's grave.

From this opinion, however, Dr.  Willett substantially dissents; basing his
verdict on his close and continuous knowledge of the patient, and on certain
frightful investigations and discoveries which he made toward the last.  Those
investigations and discoveries have left their mark upon him; so that his
voice trembles when he tells them, and his hand trembles when he tries to
write of them.  Willett admits that the change of 1919-20 would ordinarily
appear to mark the beginning of a progressive decadence which culminated
in the horrible and uncanny alienation of 1928; but believes from personal
observation that a finer distinction must be made.  Granting freely that the
boy was always ill-balanced temperamentally, and prone to be unduly susceptible
and enthusiastic in his responses to phenomena around him, he refuses to
concede that the early alteration marked the actual passage from sanity to
madness; crediting instead Ward's own statement that he had discovered or
rediscovered something whose effect on human though was likely to be marvellous
and profound.  The true madness, he is certain, came with a later change;
after the Curwen portrait and the ancient papers had been unearthed; after
a trip to strange foreign places had been made, and some terrible invocations
chanted under strange and secret circumstances; after certain answers
to these invocations had been plainly indicated, and a frantic letter penned
under agonising and inexplicable conditions; after the wave of vampirism
and the ominous Pawtuxet gossip; and after the patient's memory commenced
to exclude contemporary images whilst his physical aspect underwent the subtle
modification so many subsequently noticed.

It was only about this time, Willett points out with much acuteness, that
the nightmare qualities became indubitably linked with Ward; and the doctor
feels shudderingly sure that enough solid evidence exists to sustain the
youth's claim regarding his crucial discovery.  In the first place, two workmen
of high intelligence saw Joseph Curwen's ancient papers found.  Secondly,
the boy once shewed Dr.  Willett those papers and a page of the Curwen diary,
and each of the documents had every appearance of genuineness.  The hole where
Ward claimed to have found them was long a visible reality, and Willett had
a very convincing final glimpse of them in surroundings which can scarcely
be believed and can never perhaps be proved.  Then there were the mysteries
and coincidences of the Orne and Hutchinson letters, and the problem of the
Curwen penmanship and of what the detectives brought to light about Dr.  Allen;
these things, and the terrible message in mediaeval minuscules found in Willett's
pocket when he gained consciousness after his shocking experience.

And most conclusive of all, there are the two hideous results which
the doctor obtained from a certain pair of formulae during his final
investigations; results which virtually proved the authenticity of the papers
and of their monstrous implications at the same time that those papers were
borne forever from human knowledge.


2


One must look back at Charles Ward's earlier life as at something belonging
as much to the past as the antiquities he loved so keenly.  In the autumn
of 1918, and with a considerable show of zest in the military training of
the period, he had begun his junior year at the Moses Brown School, which
lies very near his home.  The old main building, erected in 1819, had always
charmed his youthful antiquarian sense; and the spacious park in which the
academy is set appealed to his sharp eye for landscape.  His social activities
were few; and his hours were spent mainly at home, in rambling walks, in
his classes and drills, and in pursuit of antiquarian and genealogical data
at the City Hall, the State House, the Public Library, the Athenaeum, the
Historical Society, the John Carter Brown and John Hay Libraries of Brown
University, and the newly opened Shepley Library in Benefit Street.  One may
picture him yet as he was in those days; tall, slim, and blond, with studious
eyes and a slight droop, dressed somewhat carelessly, and giving a dominant
impression of harmless awkwardness rather than attractiveness.

His walks were always adventures in antiquity, during which he managed to
recapture from the myriad relics of a glamorous old city a vivid and connected
picture of the centuries before.  His home was a great Georgian mansion atop
the well-nigh precipitous hill that rises just east of the river; and from
the rear windows of its rambling wings he could look dizzily out over all
the clustered spires, domes, roofs, and skyscraper summits of the lower town
to the purple hills of the countryside beyond.  Here he was born, and from
the lovely classic porch of the double-bayed brick facade his nurse had first
wheeled him in his carriage; past the little white farmhouse of two hundred
years before that the town had long ago overtaken, and on toward the stately
colleges along the shady, sumptuous street, whose old square brick mansions
and smaller wooden houses with narrow, heavy-columned Doric porches dreamed
solid and exclusive amidst their generous yards and gardens.

He had been wheeled, too, along sleepy Congdon Street, one tier lower down
on the steep hill, and with all its eastern homes on high terraces.  The small
wooden houses averaged a greater age here, for it was up this hill that the
growing town had climbed; and in these rides he had imbibed something of
the colour of a quaint colonial village.  The nurse used to stop and sit on
the benches of Prospect Terrace to chat with policemen; and one of the child's
first memories was of the great westward sea of hazy roofs and domes and
steeples and far hills which he saw one winter afternoon from that great
railed embankment, and violet and mystic against a fevered, apocalyptic sunset
of reds and golds and purples and curious greens.  The vast marble dome of
the State House stood out in massive silhouette, its crowning statue haloed
fantastically by a break in one of the tinted stratus clouds that barred
the flaming sky.

When he was larger his famous walks began; first with his impatiently dragged
nurse, and then alone in dreamy meditation.  Farther and farther down that
almost perpendicular hill he would venture, each time reaching older and
quainter levels of the ancient city.  He would hesitate gingerly down vertical
Jenckes Street with its bank walls and colonial gables to the shady Benefit
Street corner, where before him was a wooden antique with an Ionic-pilastered
pair of doorways, and beside him a prehistoric gambrel-roofer with a bit
of primal farmyard remaining, and the great Judge Durfee house with its fallen
vestiges of Georgian grandeur.  It was getting to be a slum here; but the
titan elms cast a restoring shadow over the place, and the boy used to stroll
south past the long lines of the pre-Revolutionary homes with their great
central chimneys and classic portals.  On the eastern side they were set high
over basements with railed double flights of stone steps, and the young Charles
could picture them as they were when the street was new, and red heels and
periwigs set off the painted pediments whose signs of wear were now becoming
so visible.

Westward the hill dropped almost as steeply as above, down to the old "Town
Street" that the founders had laid out at the river's edge in 1636.  Here
ran innumerable little lanes with leaning, huddled houses of immense antiquity;
and fascinated though he was, it was long before he dared to thread their
archaic verticality for fear they would turn out a dream or a gateway to
unknown terrors.  He found it much less formidable to continue along Benefit
Street past the iron fence of St.  John's hidden churchyard and the rear of
the 1761 Colony House and the mouldering bulk of the Golden Ball Inn where
Washington stopped.  At Meeting Street-the successive Gaol Lane and King
Street of other periods-he would look upward to the east and see the arched
flight of steps to which the highway had to resort in climbing the slope,
and downward to the west, glimpsing the old brick colonial schoolhouse that
smiles across the road at the ancient Sign of Shakespeare's Head where the
Providence Gazette and Country-Journal was printed before the Revolution.
Then came the exquisite First Baptist Church of 1775, luxurious with its
matchless Gibbs steeple, and the Georgian roofs and cupolas hovering by.
Here and to the southward the neighbourhood became better, flowering at last
into a marvellous group of early mansions; but still the little ancient lanes
led off down the precipice to the west, spectral in their many-gabled archaism
and dipping to a riot of iridescent decay where the wicked old water-front
recalls its proud East India days amidst polyglot vice and squalor, rotting
wharves, and blear-eyed ship-chandleries, with such surviving alley names
as Packet, Bullion, Gold, Silver, Coin, Doubloon, Sovereign, Guilder, Dollar,
Dime, and Cent.

Sometimes, as he grew taller and more adventurous, young Ward would venture
down into this maelstrom of tottering houses, broken transoms, tumbling steps,
twisted balustrades, swarthy faces, and nameless odours; winding from South
Main to South Water, searching out the docks where the bay and sound steamers
still touched, and returning northward at this lower level past the steep-roofed
1816 warehouses and the broad square at the Great Bridge, where the 1773
Market House still stands firm on its ancient arches.  In that square he would
pause to drink in the bewildering beauty of the old town as it rises on its
eastward bluff, decked with its two Georgian spires and crowned by the vast
new Christian Science dome as London is crowned by St.  Paul ' s.  He like mostly
to reach this point in the late afternoon, when the slanting sunlight touches
the Market House and the ancient hill roofs and belfries with gold, and throws
magic around the dreaming wharves where Providence Indiamen used to ride
at anchor.  After a long look he would grow almost dizzy with a poet's love
for the sight, and then he would scale the slope homeward in the dusk past
the old white church and up the narrow precipitous ways where yellow gleams
would begin to peep out in small-paned windows and through fanlights set
high over double flights of steps with curious wrought-iron railings.

At other times, and in later years, he would seek for vivid contrasts; spending
half a walk in the crumbling colonial regions northwest of his home, where
the hill drops to the lower eminence of Stampers' Hill with its ghetto and
negro quarter clustering round the place where the Boston stage coach used
to start before the Revolution, and the other half in the gracious southerly
realm about George, Benevolent, Power, and Williams Streets, where the old
slope holds unchanged the fine estates and bits of walled garden and steep
green lane in which so many fragrant memories linger.  These rambles, together
with the diligent studies which accompanied them, certainly account for a
large amount of the antiquarian lore which at last crowded the modern world
from Charles Ward's mind; and illustrate the mental soil upon which fell,
in that fateful winter of 1919-20, the seeds that came to such strange and
terrible fruition.

Dr.  Willett is certain that, up to this ill-omened winter of first change,
Charles Ward's antiquarianism was free from every trace of the morbid.  Graveyards
held for him no particular attraction beyond their quaintness and historic
value, and of anything like violence or savage instinct he was utterly devoid.
Then, by insidious degrees, there appeared to develop a curious sequel to
one of his genealogical triumphs of the year before; when he had discovered
among his maternal ancestors a certain very long-lived man named Joseph Curwen,
who had come from Salem in March of 1692, and about whom a whispered series
of highly peculiar and disquieting stories clustered.

Ward's great-great-grandfather Welcome Potter had in 1785 married a certain
'Ann Tillinghast, daughter of Mrs.  Eliza, daughter to Capt.  James
Tillinghast,' of whose paternity the family had preserved no
trace.  Late in 1918, whilst examining a volume of original town records in
manuscript, the young genealogist encountered an entry describing a legal
change of name, by which in 1772 a Mrs.  Eliza Curwen, widow of Joseph Curwen,
resumed, along with her seven-year-old daughter Ann, her maiden name of
Tillinghast; on the ground 'that her Husband's name was become a public Reproach
by Reason of what was knowne after his Decease; the which confirming an antient
common Rumour, tho' not to be credited by a loyall Wife till so proven as
to be wholely past Doubting.'

This entry came to light upon the accidental separation of two leaves which
had been carefully pasted together and treated as one by a laboured revision
of the page numbers.

It was at once clear to Charles Ward that he had indeed discovered a hitherto
unknown great-great-great-grandfather.  The discovery doubly excited him because
he had already heard vague reports and seen scattered allusions relating
to this person; about whom there remained so few publicly available records,
aside from those becoming public only in modern times, that it almost seemed
as if a conspiracy had existed to blot him from memory.  What did appear,
moreover, was of such a singular and provocative nature that one could not
fail to imagine curiously what it was that the colonial recorders were so
anxious to conceal and forget; or to suspect that the deletion had reasons
all too valid.

Before this, Ward had been content to let his romancing about old Joseph
Curwen remain in the idle stage; but having discovered his own relationship
to this apparently "hushed-up "character, he proceeded to hunt out as
systematically as possible whatever he might find concerning him.  In this
excited quest he eventually succeeded beyond his highest expectations; for
old letters, diaries, and sheaves of unpublished memoirs in cobwebbed Providence
garrets and elsewhere yielded many illuminating passages which their writers
had not thought it worth their while to destroy.  One important sidelight
came from a point as remote as New York, where some Rhode Island colonial
correspondence was stored in the Museum at Fraunces' Tavern.  The really crucial
thing, though, and what in Dr, Willett's opinion formed the definite source
of Ward's undoing, was the matter found in August 1919 behind the panelling
of the crumbling house in Olney Court.  It was that, beyond a doubt, which
opened up those black vistas whose end was deeper than the pit.



CHAPTER THREE

A Search and an Evocation


1


Charles Ward, as we have seen, first learned in 1918 of his descent from
Joseph Curwen.  That he at once took an intense interest in everything pertaining
to the bygone mystery is not to be wondered at; for every vague rumour that
he had heard of Curwen now became something vital to himself, in whom flowed
Curwen's blood.  No spirited and imaginative genealogist could have done otherwise
than begin forthwith an avid and systematic collection of Curwen data.

In his first delvings there was not the slightest attempt at secrecy; so
that even Dr.  Lyman hesitates to date the youth's madness from any period
before the close of 1919.  He talked freely with his family-though his mother
was not particularly pleased to own an ancestor like Curwen-and with the
officials of the various museums and libraries he visited.  In applying to
private families for records thought to be in their possession he made no
concealment of his object, and shared the somewhat amused scepticism with
which the accounts of the old diarists and letter-writers were regarded.
He often expressed a keen wonder as to what really had taken place a century
and a half before at the Pawtuxet farmhouse whose site he vainly tried to
find, and what Joseph Curwen really had been.

When he came across the Smith diary and archives and encountered the letter
from Jedediah Orne he decided to visit Salem and look up Curwen's early
activities and connexions there, which he did during the Easter vacation
of 1919.  At the Essex Institute, which was well known to him from former
sojourns in the glamorous old town of crumbling Puritan gables and clustered
gambrel roofs, he was very kindly received, and unearthed there a considerable
amount of Curwen data.  He found that his ancestor was born in Salem-Village,
now Danvers, seven miles from town, on the eighteenth of February (O.  S.)
1662-3; and that he had run away to sea at the age of fifteen, not appearing
again for nine years, when he returned with the speech, dress, and manners
of a native Englishman and settled in Salem proper.  At that time he had little
to do with his family, but spent most of his hours with the curious books
he had brought from Europe, and the strange chemicals which came for him
on ships from England, France, and Holland.  Certain trips of his into the
country were the objects of much local inquisitiveness, and were whisperingly
associated with vague rumours of fires on the hills at night.

Curwen's only close friends had been one Edward Hutchinson of Salem-Village
and one Simon Orne of Salem.  With these men he was often seen in conference
about the Common, and visits among them were by no means infrequent.  Hutchinson
had a house well out toward the woods, and it was not altogether liked by
sensitive people because of the sounds heard there at night.  He was said
to entertain strange visitors, and the lights seen from his windows were
not always of the same colour.  The knowledge he displayed concerning long-dead
persons and long-forgotten events was considered distinctly unwholesome,
and he disappeared about the time the witchcraft panic began, never to be
heard from again.  At that time Joseph Curwen also departed, but his settlement
in Providence was soon learned of.  Simon Orne lived in Salem until 1720,
when his failure to grow visibly old began to excite attention.  He thereafter
disappeared, though thirty years later his precise counterpart and self-styled
son turned up to claim his property.  The claim was allowed on the strength
of documents in Simon Orne's known hand, and Jedediah Orne continued to dwell
in Salem till 1771, when certain letters from Providence citizens to the
Rev.  Thomas Barnard and others brought about his quiet removal to parts
unknown.

Certain documents by and about all of the strange characters were available
at teh Essex Institute, the Court House, and the Registry of Deeds, and included
both harmless commonplaces such as land titles and bills of sale, and furtive
fragments of a more provocative nature.  There were four or five unmistakable
allusions to them on the witchcraft trial records; as when one Hepzibah Lawson
swore on July 10, 1692, at the Court of Oyer and Terminer under Judge Hathorne,
that: 'fortie Witches and the Blacke Man were wont to meete in the Woodes
behind Mr.  Hutchinson's house ', and one Amity How declared at a session of
August 8th before Judge Gedney that:' Mr.  G.  B.  (Rev.  George Burroughs) on
that Nighte putt ye Divell his Marke upon Bridget S., Jonathan A., Simon
O., Deliverance W., Joseph C., Susan P., Mehitable C., and Deborah
B.'

Then there was a catalogue of Hutchinson's uncanny library as found after
his disappearance, and an unfinished manuscript in his handwriting, couched
in a cipher none could read.  Ward had a photostatic copy of this manuscript
made, and began to work casually on the cipher as soon as it was delivered
to him.  After the following August his labours on the cipher became intense
and feverish, and there is reason to believe from his speech and conduct
that he hit upon the key before October or November.  He never stated, though,
whether or not he had succeeded.

But of greatest immediate interest was the Orne material.  It took Ward only
a short time to prove from identity of penmanship a thing he had already
considered established from the text of the letter to Curwen; namely, that
Simon Orne and his supposed son were one and the same person.  As Orne had
said to his correspondent, it was hardly safe to live too long in Salem,
hence he resorted to a thirty-year sojourn abroad, and did not return to
claim his lands except as a representative of a new generation.  Orne had
apparently been careful to destroy most of his correspondence, but the citizens
who took action in 1771 found and preserved a few letters and papers which
excited their wonder.  There were cryptic formulae and diagrams in his and
other hands which Ward now either copied with care or had photographed, and
one extremely mysterious letter in a chirography that the searcher recognised
from items in the Registry of Deeds as positively Joseph Curwen ' s.

This Curwen letter, though undated as to the year, was evidently not the
one in answer to which Orne had written the confiscated missive; and from
internal evidence Ward placed it not much later than 1750.  It may not be
amiss to give the text in full, as a sample of the style of one whose history
was so dark and terrible.  The recipient is addressed as "Simon ", but a line
(whether drawn by Curwen or Orne Ward could not tell) is run through the
word.

Providence, 1.  May

Brother:-

My honour'd Antient Friende, due Respects and earnest Wishes to Him whom
we serue for yr eternall Power.  I am just come upon That which you ought
to knowe, concern'g the Matter of the Laste Extremitie and what to doe regard'g
yt.  I am not dispos'd to followe you in go'g Away on acct.  of my Yeares,
for Prouidence hath not ye Sharpeness of ye Bay in hunt'g oute uncommon Things
and bringinge to Tryall.  I am ty'd up in Shippes and Goodes, and cou'd not
doe as you did, besides the Whiche my Farme at Patuxet hath under it What
you Knowe, and wou'd not waite for my com'g Backe as an Other.

But I am unreadie for harde Fortunes, as I haue tolde you, and haue longe
work'd upon ye Way of get'g Backe after ye Laste.  I laste Night strucke on
ye Wordes that bringe up YOGGE-SOTHOTHE, and sawe for ye first Time that
Face spoke of by Ibn Schacabao in ye ------.  And IT said, that ye III Psalme
in ye Liber-Damnatus holdes ye Clauicle.  With Sunne in V House, Saturne in
Trine, drawe ye Pentagram of Fire, and saye ye ninth Uerse thrice.  This Uerse
repeate eache Roodemas and Hallow's Eue; and ye Thing will breede in ye Outside
Spheres.

And of ye Seede of Olde shal One be borne who shal looke Backe, tho' know'g
not what he seekes.

Yett will this auaile Nothing if there be no Heir, and if the Saltes, or
the Way to make the Saltes, bee not Readie for his Hande; and here I will
owne, I haue not taken needed Stepps nor founde Much.  Ye Process is plaguy
harde to come neare; and it used up such a Store of Specimens, I am harde
putte to it to get Enough, notwithstand'g the Sailors I haue from ye Indies.
Ye People aboute are become curious, but I can stande them off.  Ye Gentry
are worse that the Populace, be'g more Circumstantiall in their Accts.  and
more belieu'd in what they tell.  That Parson and Mr.  Merritt haue talk'd
Some, I am fearfull, but no Thing soe far is Dangerous.  Ye Chymical Substances
are easie of get ' g, there be'g II.  goode Chymists in Towne, Dr, Bowen and
Sam: Carew.  I am foll'g oute what Borellus saith, and haue Helpe in Abdool
Al-Hazred his VII.  Booke.  Whateuer I gette, you shal haue.  And in ye meane
while, do not neglect to make use of ye Wordes I haue here giuen.  I haue
them Righte, but if you Desire to see HIM, imploy the Writings on ye Piece
of ------ that I am putt'g in this Packet.  Saye ye Uerses euery Roodmas and
Hallow's Eue; and if ye Line runn out not, one shal bee in yeares to come
that shal looke backe and use what Saltes or Stuff for Saltes you shal leaue
him.  Job XIV.  XIV.

I rejoice you are again at Salem, and hope I may see you not longe hence.
I haue a goode Stallion, and am think'g of get'g a Coach, there be'g one
(Mr.  Merritt ' s) in Prouidence already, tho' ye Roades are bad.  If you are
dispos'd to Trauel, doe not pass me bye.  From Boston take ye Post Rd.  thro'
Dedham, Wrentham, and Attleborough, goode Tauerns be'g at all these Townes.
Stop at Mr.  Balcom's in Wrentham, where ye Beddes are finer than Mr.  Hatch ' s,
but eate at ye other House for their Cooke is better.  Turne into Prou.  by
Patucket Falls, and ye Rd.  past Mr.  Sayles's Tauern.  My House opp.  Mr.  Epenetus
Olney's Tauern off ye Towne Street, Ist on ye N.  side of Olney's Court.  Distance
from Boston Stone abt.  XLIV Miles.


Sir, I am ye olde and true Friend and Serut.  in
Almonsin-Metraton.

Josephus C.


To Mr.  Simon Orne,
William ' s-Lane, in Salem.

This letter, oddly enough, was what first gave Ward the exact location of
Curwen's Providence home; for none of the records encountered up to that
time had been at all specific.  The discovery was doubly striking because
it indicated as the newer Curwen house, built in 1761 on the site of the
old, a dilapidated building still standing in Olney Court and well known
to Ward in his antiquarian rambles over Stampers' Hill.  The place was indeed
only a few squares from his own home on the great hill's higher ground, and
was now the abode of a negro family much esteemed for occasional washing,
housecleaning, and furnace-tending services.  To find, in distant Salem, such
sudden proof of the significance of this familiar rookery in his own family
history, was a highly impressive thing to Ward; and he resolved to explore
the place immediately upon his return.  The more mystical phases of the letter,
which he took to be some extravagant kind of symbolism, frankly baffled him;
though he noted with a thrill of curiousity that the Biblical passage referred
to-Job 14, 14-was the familiar verse, 'If a man die, shall he live again?
All the days of my appointed time will I wait, until my change come.'


2


Young Ward came home in a state of pleasant excitement, and spent the following
Saturday in a long and exhaustive study of the house in Olney Court.  The
place, now crumbling with age, had never been a mansion; but was a modest
two-and-a-half story wooden town house of the familiar Providence colonial
type, with plain peaked roof, large central chimney, and artistically carved
doorway with rayed fanlight, triangular pediment, and trim Doric pilasters.
It had suffered but little alteration externally, and Ward felt he was gazing
on something very close to the sinister matters of his quest.

The present negro inhabitants were known to him, and he was very courteously
shewn about the interior by old Asa and his stout wife Hannah.  Here there
was more change than the outside indicated, and Ward saw with regret that
fully half of the fine scroll-and-urn overmantels and shell-carved cupboard
linings were gone, whilst most of the fine wainscotting and bolection moulding
was marked, hacked, and gouged, or covered up altogether with cheap wall-paper.
In general, the survey did not yield as much as Ward had somehow expected;
but it was at least exciting to stand within the ancestral walls which had
housed such a man of horror as Joseph Curwen.  He saw with a thrill that a
monogram had been very carefully effaced from the ancient brass knocker.

From then until after the close of school Ward spent his time on the photostatic
copy of the Hutchinson cipher and the accumulation of local Curwen data.
The former still proved unyielding; but of the latter he obtained so much,
and so many clues to similar data elsewhere, that he was ready by July to
make a trip to New London and New York to consult old letters whose presence
in those places was indicated.  This trip was very fruitful, for it brought
him the Fenner letters with their terrible description of the Pawtuxet farmhouse
raid, and the Nightingale-Talbot letters in which he learned of the portrait
painted on a panel of the Curwen library.  This matter of the portrait interested
him particularly, since he would have given much to know just what Joseph
Curwen looked like; and he decided to make a second search of the house in
Olney Court to see if there might not be some trace of the ancient features
beneath peeling coats of later paint or layers of mouldy wall-paper.

Early in August that search took place, and Ward went carefully over the
walls of every room sizeable enough to have been by any possibility the library
of the evil builder.  He paid especial attention to the large panels of such
overmantels as still remained; and was keenly excited after about an hour,
when on a broad area above the fireplace in a spacious ground-floor room
he became certain that the surface brought out by the peeling of several
coats of paint was sensibly darker than any ordinary interior paint or the
wood beneath it was likely to have been.  A few more careful tests with a
thin knife, and he knew that he had come upon an oil portrait of great extent.
With truly scholarly restraint the youth did not risk the damage which an
immediate attempt to uncover the hidden picture with the knife might have
been, but just retired from the scene of his discovery to enlist expert help.
In three days he returned with an artist of long experience, Mr.  Walter C.
Dwight, whose studio is near the foot of College Hill; and that accomplished
restorer of paintings set to work at once with proper methods and chemical
substances.  Old Asa and his wife were duly excited over their strange visitors,
and were properly reimbursed for this invasion of their domestic hearth.

As day by the day the work of restoration progressed, Charles Ward looked
on with growing interest at the lines and shades gradually unveiled after
their long oblivion.  Dwight had begun at the bottom; hence since the picture
was a three-quarter-length one, the face did not come out for some time.
It was meanwhile seen that the subject was a spare, well-shaped man with
dark-blue coat, embroidered waistcoat, black satin small-clothes, and white
silk stockings, seated in a carved chair against the background of a window
with wharves and ships beyond.  When the head came out it was observed to
bear a neat Albemarle wig, and to possess a thin, calm, undistinguished face
which seemed somehow familiar to both Ward and the artist.  Only at the very
last, though, did the restorer and his client begin to grasp with astonishment
at the details of that lean, pallid visage, and to recognise with a touch
of awe the dramatic trick which heredity had played.  For it took the final
bath of oil and the final stroke of the delicate scraper to bring out fully
the expression which centuries had hidden; and to confront the bewildered
Charles Dexter Ward, dweller in the past, with his own living features in
the countenance of his horrible great-great-great-grandfather.

Ward brought his parents to see the marvel he had uncovered, and his father
at once determined to purchase the picture despite its execution on stationary
panelling.  The resemblance to the boy, despite an appearance of rather great
age, was marvellous; and it could be seen that through some trick of atavism
the physical contours of Joseph Curwen had found precise duplication after
a century and a half.  Mrs.  Ward's resemblance to her ancestor was not at
all marked, though she could recall relatives who had some of the facial
characteristics shared by her son and by the bygone Curwen.  She did not relish
the discovery, and told her husband that he had better burn the picture instead
of bringing it home.  There was, she averred, something unwholesome about
it; not only intrinsically, but in its very resemblance to Charles.  Mr.  Ward,
however, was a practical man of power and affairs-a cotton manufacturer
with extensive mills at Riverpoint in the Pawtuxet Valley-and not one to
listen to feminine scruples.  The picture impressed him mightily with its
likeness to his son, and he believed the boy deserved it as a present.  In
this opinion, it is needless to say, Charles most heartily concurred; and
a few days later Mr.  Ward located the owner of the house-a small
rodent-featured person with a guttural accent-and obtained the whole mantel
and overmantel bearing the picture at a curtly fixed price which cut short
the impending torrent of unctuous haggling.

It now remained to take off the panelling and remove it to the Ward home,
where provisions were made for its thorough restoration and installation
with an electric mock-fireplace in Charles's third-floor study or library.
To Charles was left the task of superintending this removal, and on the
twenty-eighth of August he accompanied two expert workmen from the Crooker
decorating firm to the house in Olney Court, where the mantel and
portrait-bearing overmantel were detached with great care and precision for
transportation in the company's motor truck.  There was left a space of exposed
brickwork marking the chimney's course, and in this young Ward observed a
cubical recess about a foot square, which must have lain directly behind
the head of the portrait.  Curious as to what such a space might mean or contain,
the youth approached and looked within; finding beneath the deep coatings
of dust and soot some loose yellowed papers, a crude, thick copybook, and
a few mouldering textile shreds which may have formed the ribbon binding
the rest together.  Blowing away the bulk of the dirt and cinders, he took
up the book and looked at the bold inscription on its cover.  It was in a
hand which he had learned to recognise at the Essex Institute, and proclaimed
the volume as the 'Journall and Notes of Jos: Curwen, Gent.  of
Prouidence-Plantations, Late of Salem.'

Excited beyond measure by his discovery, Ward shewed the book to the two
curious workmen beside him.  Their testimony is absolute as to the nature
and genuineness of the finding, and Dr.  Willett relies on them to help establish
his theory that the youth was not mad when he began his major eccentricities.
All the other papers were likewise in Curwen's handwriting, and one of them
seemed especially portentous because of its inscription: 'To Him Who Shal
Come After, & How He May Gett Beyonde Time & Ye Spheres.'

Another was in a cipher; the same, Ward hoped, as the Hutchinson cipher which
had hitherto baffled him.  A third, and here the searcher rejoiced, seemed
to be a key to the cipher; whilst the fourth and fifth were addressed
respectively to:' Edw: Hutchinson, Armiger' and Jedediah Orne,
esq.', 'or Their Heir or Heirs, or Those Represent'g
Them.' The sixth and last was inscribed: 'Joseph Curwen his Life and Travells
Bet'n ye yeares 1678 and 1687: Of Whither He Voyag ' d, Where He Stay ' d, Whom
He Sawe, and What He Learnt.'


3


We have now reached the point from which the more academic school of alienists
date Charles Ward's madness.  Upon his discovery the youth had looked immediately
at a few of the inner pages of the book and manuscripts, and had evidently
seen something which impressed him tremendously.  Indeed, in shewing the titles
to the workmen, he appeared to guard the text itself with peculiar care,
and to labour under a perturbation for which even the antiquarian and
genealogical significance of the find could hardly account.  Upon returning
home he broke the news with an almost embarrassed air, as if he wished to
convey an idea of its supreme importance without having to exhibit the evidence
itself.  He did not even shew the titles to his parents, but simply told them
that he had found some documents in Joseph Curwen's handwriting, 'mostly
in cipher ', which would have to be studied
very carefully before yielding up their true meaning.  It is unlikely that
he would have shewn what he did to the workmen, had it not been for their
unconcealed curiousity.  As it was he doubtless wished to avoid any display
of peculiar reticence which would increase their discussion of the matter.

That night Charles Ward sat up in his room reading the new-found book and
papers, and when day came he did not desist.  His meals, on his urgent request
when his mother called to see what was amiss, were sent up to him; and in
the afternoon he appeared only briefly when the men came to install the Curwen
picture and mantelpiece in his study.  The next night he slept in snatches
in his clothes, meanwhile wrestling feverishly with the unravelling of the
cipher manuscript.  In the morning his mother saw that he was at work on the
photostatic copy of the Hutchinson cipher, which he had frequently shewn
her before; but in response to her query he said that the Curwen key could
not be applied to it.  That afternoon he abandoned his work and watched the
men fascinatedly as they finished their installation of the picture with
its woodwork above a cleverly realistic electric log, setting the mock-fireplace
and overmantel a little out from the north wall as if a chimney existed,
and boxing in the sides with panelling to match the room ' s.  The front panel
holding the picture was sawn and hinged to allow cupboard space behind it.
After the workmen went he moved his work into the study and sat down before
it with his eyes half on the cipher and half on the portrait which stared
back at him like a year-adding and century-recalling mirror.

His parents, subsequently recalling his conduct at this period, give interesting
details anent the policy of concealment which he practised.  Before servants
he seldom hid any paper which he might by studying, since he rightly assumed
that Curwen's intricate and archaic chirography would be too much for them.
With his parents, however, he was more circumspect; and unless the manuscript
in question were a cipher, or a mere mass of cryptic symbols and unknown
ideographs (as that entitled 'To Him Who Shal Come After, etc.'
seemed to be), he would cover it with some convenient paper until his
caller had departed.  At night he kept the papers under lock and key in an
antique cabinet of his, where he also placed them whenever he left the room.
He soon resumed fairly regular hours and habits, except that his long walks
and other outside interests seemed to cease.  The opening of school, where
he now began his senior year, seemed a great bore to him; and he frequently
asserted his determination never to bother with college.  He had, he said,
important special investigations to make, which would provide him with more
avenues toward knowledge and the humanities than any university which the
world could boast.

Naturally, only one who had always been more or less studious, eccentric,
and solitary could have pursued this course for many days without attracting
notice.  Ward, however, was constitutionally a scholar and a hermit; hence
his parents were less surprised than regretful at the close confinement and
secrecy he adopted.  At the same time, both his father and mother thought
it odd that he would shew them no scrap of his treasure-trove, nor give any
connected account of such data as he had deciphered.  This reticence he explained
away as due to a wish to wait until he might announce some connected revelation,
but as the weeks passed without further disclosures there began to grow up
between the youth and his family a kind of constraint; intensified in his
mother's case by her manifest disapproval of all Curwen delvings.

During October Ward began visiting the libraries again, but no longer for
the antiquarian matter of his former days.  Witchcraft and magic, occultism
and daemonology, were what he sought now; and when Providence sources proved
unfruitful he would take the train for Boston and tap the wealth of the great
library in Copley Square, the Widener Library at Harvard, or the Zion Research
Library in Brookline, where certain rare works on Biblical subjects are
available.  He bought extensively, and fitted up a whole additional set of
shelves in his study for newly acquired works on uncanny subjects; while
during the Christmas holidays he made a round of out-of-town trips including
one to Salem to consult certain records at the Essex Institute.

About the middle of January, 1920, there entered Ward's bearing an element
of triumph which he did not explain, and he was no more found at work upon
the Hutchinson cipher.  Instead, he inaugurated a dual policy of chemical
research and record-scanning; fitting up for the one a laboratory in the
unused attic of the house, and for the latter haunting all the sources of
vital statistics in Providence.  Local dealers in drugs and scientific supplies,
later questioned, gave astonishingly queer and meaningless catalogues of
the substances and instruments he purchased; but clerks at the State House,
the City Hall, and the various libraries agree as to the definite object
of his second interest.  He was searching intensely and feverishly for the
grave of Joseph Curwen, from whose slate slab an older generation had so
wisely blotted the name.

Little by little there grew upon the Ward family the conviction that something
was wrong.  Charles had had freaks and changes of minor interests before,
but this growing secrecy and absorption in strange pursuits was unlike even
him.  His school work was the merest pretence; and although he failed in no
test, it could be seen that the older application had all vanished.  He had
other concernments now; and when not in his new laboratory with a score of
obsolete alchemical books, could be found either poring over old burial records
down town or glued to his volumes of occult lore in his study, where the
startlingly-one almost fancied increasingly-similar features of Joseph
Curwen stared blandly at him from the great overmantel on the North wall.

Late in March Ward added to his archive-searching a ghoulish series of rambles
about the various ancient cemeteries of the city.  The cause appeared later,
when it was learned from City Hall clerks that he had probably found an important
clue.  His quest had suddenly shifted from the grave of Joseph Curwen to that
of one Naphthali Field; and this shift was explained when, upon going over
the files that he had been over, the investigators actually found a fragmentary
record of Curwen's burial which had escaped the general obliteration, and
which stated that the curious leaden coffin had been interred
'10 ft.  S.  and 5 ft.  W.  of Naphthali Field's grave in y -.'
The lack of a specified burying-ground in the surviving entry greatly complicated
the search, and Naphthali Field's grave seemed as elusive as that of Curwen;
but here no systematic effacement had existed, and one might reasonably be
expected to stumble on the stone itself even if its record had perished.
Hence the rambles-from which St.  John's (the former King ' s) Churchyard
and the ancient Congregational burying-ground in the midst of Swan Point
Cemetery were excluded, since other statistics had shewn that the only Naphthali
Field (obiit 1729) whose grave could have been meant had been a Baptist.


4


It was toward May when Dr.  Willett, at the request of the senior Ward, and
fortified with all the Curwen data which the family had gleaned from Charles
in his non-secretive days, talked with the young man.  The interview was of
little value or conclusiveness, for Willett felt at every moment that Charles
was thorough master of himself and in touch with matters of real importance;
but it at least force the secretive youth to offer some rational explanation
of his recent demeanour.  Of a pallid, impassive type not easily shewing
embarrassment, Ward seemed quite ready to discuss his pursuits, though not
to reveal their object.  He stated that the papers of his ancestor had contained
some remarkable secrets of early scientific knowledge, for the most part
in cipher, of an apparent scope comparable only to the discoveries of Friar
Bacon and perhaps surpassing even those.  They were, however, meaningless
except when correlated with a body of learning now wholly obsolete; so that
their immediate presentation to a world equipped only with modern science
would rob them of all impressiveness and dramatic significance.  To take their
vivid place in the history of human thought they must first be correlated
by one familiar with the background out of which they evolved, and to this
task of correlation Ward was now devoting himself.  He was seeking to acquire
as fast as possible those neglected arts of old which a true interpreter
of the Curwen data must possess, and hoped in time to made a full announcement
and presentation of the utmost interest to mankind and to the world of thought.
Not even Einstein, he declared, could more profoundly revolutionise the current
conception of things.

As to his graveyard search, whose object he freely admitted, but the details
of whose progress he did not relate, he said he had reason to think that
Joseph Curwen's mutilated headstone bore certain mystic symbols-carved
from directions in his will and ignorantly spared by those who had effaced
the name-which were absolutely essential to the final solution of his cryptic
system.  Curwen, he believed, had wish to guard his secret with care; and
had consequently distributed the data in an exceedingly curious fashion.
When Dr.  Willett asked to see the mystic documents, Ward displayed much
reluctance and tried to put him off with such things as photostatic copies
of the Hutchinson cipher and Orne formulae and diagrams; but finally shewed
him the exteriors of some of the real Curwen finds-the 'Journall and
Notes ', the cipher (title in cipher also), and the formula-filled message
'To Him Who Shal Come After'-and let him glance inside such as were
in obscure characters.

He also opened the diary at a page carefully selected for its innocuousness
and gave Willett a glimpse of Curwen's connected handwriting in English.
The doctor noted very closely the crabbed and complicated letters, and the
general aura of the seventeenth century which clung round both penmanship
and style despite the writer's survival into the eighteenth century, and
became quickly certain that the document was genuine.  The text itself was
relatively trivial, and Willett recalled only a fragment:

'Wedn.  16 Octr.  1754.  My Sloope the Wakeful this Day putt in from
London with XX newe Men pick'd up in ye Indies, Spaniards from Martineco
and 2 Dutch Men from Surinam.  Ye Dutch Men are like to Desert from have'g
hearde Somewhat ill of these Ventures, but I will see to ye Inducing of them
to Staye.  For Mr.  Knight Dexter of ye Bay and Book 120 Pieces Camblets, 100
Pieces Assrtd.  Cambleteens, 20 Pieces blue Duffles, 100 Pieces Shalloons,
50 Pieces Calamancoes, 300 Pieces each, Shendsoy and Humhums.  For Mr.  Green
at ye Elephant 50 Gallon Cyttles, 20 Warm'g Pannes, 15 Bake Cyttles, 10 pr.
Smoke'g Tonges.  For Mr.  Perrigo 1 Sett of Awles.  For Mr.  Nightingale 50 Reames
prime Foolscap.  Say'd ye SABAOTH thrice last Nighte but None appear ' d.  I
must heare more from Mr.  H.  in Transylvania, tho' it is Harde reach'g him
and exceeding strange he can not give me the Use of What he hath so well
us'd these hundred Yeares.  Simon hath not writ these V.  Weekes, but I expecte
soon hear'g from Him.'

When upon reaching this point Dr.  Willett turned the leaf he was quickly
checked by Ward, who almost snatched the book from his grasp.  All that the
doctor had a chance to see on the newly opened page was a brief pair of
sentences; but these, strangely enough, lingered tenacious in his memory.
They ran: 'Ye Verse from Liber-Damnatus be'g spoke V Roodmasses and IV
Hallows-Eves, I am Hopeful ye Thing is breed'g Outside ye Spheres.  It will
drawe One who is to Come, if I can make sure he shal Bee, and he shal think
on Past Thinges and look back thro' all ye Yeares, against ye Which I must
have ready ye Saltes or That to make 'em with.'

Willett saw no more, but somehow this small glimpse gave a new and vague
terror to the painted features of Joseph Curwen which stared blandly down
from the overmantel.  Even after that he entertained the odd fancy-which
his medical skill of course assured him was only a fancy-that the eyes
of the portrait had a sort of wish, if not an actual tendency, to follow
young Charles Ward as he move about the room.  He stopped before leaving to
study the picture closely, marvelling at its resemblance to Charles and
memorising every minute detail of the cryptical, colourless face, even down
to a slight scar or pit in the smooth brow above the right eye.  Cosmo Alexander,
he decided, was a painter worthy of the Scotland that produced Raeburn, and
a teacher worthy of his illustrious pupil Gilbert Stuart.

Assured by the doctor that Charles's mental health was in no danger, but
that on the other hand he was engaged in researches which might prove of
real importance, the Wards were more lenient than they might otherwise have
been when during the following June the youth made positive his refusal to
attend college.  He had, he declared, studies of much more vital importance
to pursue; and intimated a wish to go abroad the following year in order
to avail himself of certain sources of data not existing in America.  The
senior Ward, while denying this latter wish as absurd for a boy of only eighteen,
acquiesced regarding the university; so that after a none too brilliant
graduation from the Moses Brown School there ensued for Charles a three-year
period of intensive occult study and graveyard searching.  He became recognised
as an eccentric, and dropped even more completely from the sight of his family's
friends than he had been before; keeping close to his work and only occasionally
making trips to other cities to consult obscure records.  Once he went south
to talk to a strange mulatto who dwelt in a swamp and about whom a newspaper
hand printed a curious article.  Again he sought a small village in the
Adirondacks whence reports of certain odd ceremonial practices had come.
But still his parents forbade him the trip to the Old World which he
desired.

Coming of age in April, 1923, and having previously inherited a small competence
from his maternal grandfather, Ward determined at last to take the European
trip hitherto denied him.  Of his proposed itinerary he would say nothing
save that the needs of his studies would carry him to many places, but he
promised to write his parents fully and faithfully.  When they saw he could
not be dissuaded, they ceased all opposition and helped as best they could;
so that in June the young man sailed for Liverpool with the farewell blessings
of his father and mother, who accompanied him to Boston and waved him out
of sight from the White Star pier in Charlestown.  Letters soon told of his
safe arrival, and of his securing good quarters in Great Russell Street,
London; where he proposed to stay, shunning all family friends, till he had
exhausted the resources of the British Museum in a certain direction.  Of
his daily life he wrote by little, for there was little to write.  Study and
experiment consumed all his time, and he mentioned a laboratory which he
had established in one of his rooms.  That he said nothing of antiquarian
rambles in the glamorous old city with its luring skyline of ancient domes
and steeples and its tangles of roads and alleys whose mystic convolutions
and sudden vistas alternately beckon and surprise, was taken by his parents
as a good index of the degree to which his new interests had engrossed his
mind.

In June, 1924, a brief note told of his departure for Paris, to which he
had before made one or two flying trips for material in the Bibliothque
Nationale.  For three months thereafter he sent only postal cards, giving
an address in the Rue St.  Jacques and referring to a special search among
rare manuscripts in the library of an unnamed private collector.  He avoided
acquaintances, and no tourists brought back reports of having seen him.  Then
came a silence, and in October the Wards received a picture card from Prague,
Czecho-Slovakia, stating that Charles was in that ancient town for the purpose
of conferring with a certain very aged man supposed to be the last living
possessor of some very curious mediaeval information.  He gave an address
in the Neustadt, and announced no move till the following January; when he
dropped several cards from Vienna telling of his passage through that city
on the way toward a more easterly region whither one of his correspondents
and fellow-delvers into the occult had invited him.

The next card was from Klausenburg in Transylvania, and told of Ward's progress
toward his destination.  He was going to visit a Baron Ferenczy, whose estate
lay in the mountains east of Rakus; and was to be addressed at Rakus in the
care of that nobleman.  Another card from Rakus a week later, saying that
his host's carriage had met him and that he was leaving the village for the
mountains, was his last message for a considerable time; indeed, he did reply
to his parents' frequent letters until May, when he wrote to discourage the
plan of his mother for a meeting in London, Paris, or Rome during the summer,
when the elder Wards were planning to travel to Europe.  His researches, he
said, were such that he could not leave his present quarters; while the situation
of Baron Ferenczy's castle did not favour visits.  It was on a crag in the
dark wooded mountains, and the region was so shunned by the country folk
that normal people could not help feeling ill at ease.  Moreover, the Baron
was not a person likely to appeal to correct and conservative New England
gentlefolk.  His aspect and manners had idiosyncrasies, and his age was so
great as to be disquieting.  It would be better, Charles said, if his parents
would wait for his return to Providence; which could scarcely be far
distant.

That return did not, however, take place until May 1926, when after a few
heralding cards the young wanderer quietly slipped into New York on the
Homeric and traversed the long miles to Providence by motor-coach,
eagerly drinking in the green rolling hills, and fragrant, blossoming orchards,
and the white steepled towns of vernal Connecticut; his first taste of ancient
New England in nearly four years.  When the coach crossed the Pawcatuck and
entered Rhode Island amidst the faery goldenness of a late spring afternoon
his heart beat with quickened force, and the entry to Providence along Reservoir
and Elmwood Avenues was a breathless and wonderful thing despite the depths
of forbidden lore to which he had delved.  At the high square where Broad,
Weybosset, and Empire Streets join, he saw before and below him in the fire
of sunset the pleasant, remembered houses and domes and steeples of the old
town; and his head swam curiously as the vehicle rolled down to the terminal
behind the Biltmore, bringing into view the great dome and soft, roof-pierced
greenery of the ancient hill across the river, and the tall colonial spire
of the First Baptist Church limned pink in the magic evening against the
fresh springtime verdure of its precipitous background.

Old Providence! It was this place and the mysterious forces of its long,
continuous history which had brought him into being, and which had drawn
him back toward marvels and secrets whose boundaries no prophet might fix.
Here lay the arcana, wondrous or dreadful as the case may be, for which all
his years of travel and application had been preparing him.  A taxicab whirled
him through Post Office Square with its glimpse of the river, the old Market
House, and the head of the bay, and up the steep curved slope of Waterman
Street to Prospect, where the vast gleaming dome and sunset-flushed Ionic
columns of the Christian Science Church beckoned northward.  Then eight squares
past the fine old estates his childish eyes had known, and the quaint brick
sidewalks so often trodden by his youthful feet.  And at last the little white
overtaken farmhouse on the right, on the left the classic Adam porch and
stately facade of the great brick house where he was born.  It was twilight,
and Charles Dexter Ward had come home.


5


A school of alienists slightly less academic than Dr.  Lyman's assign to Ward's
European trip the beginning of his true madness.  Admitting that he was sane
when he started, they believe that his conduct upon returning implies a
disastrous change.  But even to this claim Dr.  Willett refuses to concede.
There was, he insists, something later; and the queerness of the youth at
this stage he attributes to the practice of rituals learned abroad-odd
enough things, to be sure, but by no means implying mental aberration on
the part of their celebrant.  Ward himself, though visibly aged and hardened,
was still normal in his general reactions; and in several talks with Dr.
Willett displayed a balance which no madman-even an incipient one-could
feign continuously for long.  What elicited the notion of insanity at this
period were the sounds heard at all hours from Ward's attic laboratory,
in which he kept himself most of the time.  There were chantings and repetitions,
and thunderous declamations in uncanny rhythms; and although these sounds
were always in Ward's own voice, there was something in the quality of that
voice, and in the accents of the formulae it pronounced, which could not
by chill the blood of every hearer.  It was noticed that Nig, the venerable
and beloved black cat of the household, bristled and arched his back perceptibly
when certain of the tones were heard.

The odours occasionally wafted from the laboratory were likewise exceedingly
strange.  Sometimes they were very noxious, but more often they were aromatic,
with a haunting, elusive quality which seemed to have the power of inducing
fantastic images.  People who smelled them had a tendency to glimpse momentary
mirages of enormous vistas, with strange hills or endless avenues of sphinxes
and hippogriffs stretching off into infinite distance.  Ward did not resume
his old-time rambles, but applied himself diligently to the strange books
he had brought home, and to equally strange delvings within his quarters;
explaining that European sources had greatly enlarged the possibilities of
his work, and promising great revelations in the years to come.  His older
aspect increased to a startling degree his resemblance to the Curwen portrait
in his library; and Dr.  Willett would often pause by the latter after a call,
marvelling at the virtual identity, and reflecting that only the small pit
above the picture's right eye now remained to differentiate the long-dead
wizard from the living youth.  These calls of Willett ' s, undertaken at the
request of teh senior Wards, were curious affairs.  Ward at no time repulsed
the doctor, but the latter saw that he could never reach the young man's
inner psychology.  Frequently he noted peculiar things about; little wax images
of grotesque design on the shelves or tables, and the half-erased remnants
of circles, triangles, and pentagrams in chalk or charcoal on the cleared
central space of the large room.  And always in the night those rhythms and
incantations thundered, till it became very difficult to keep servants or
suppress furtive talk of Charles's madness.

In January, 1927, a peculiar incident occurred.  One night about midnight,
as Charles was chanting a ritual whose weird cadence echoed unpleasantly
through the house below, there came a sudden gust of chill wind from the
bay, and a faint, obscure trembling of the earth which everyone in the
neighbourhood noted.  At the same time the cat exhibited phenomenal traces
of fright, while dogs bayed for as much as a mile around.  This was the prelude
to a sharp thunderstorm, anomalous for the season, which brought with it
such a crash that Mr.  and Mrs.  Ward believed the house had been struck.  They
rushed upstairs to see what damage had been done, but Charles met them at
the door to the attic; pale, resolute, and portentous, with an almost fearsome
combination of triumph and seriousness on his face.  He assured them that
the house had not really been struck, and that the storm would soon be over.
They paused, and looking through a window saw that he was indeed right; for
the lightning flashed farther and farther off, whilst the trees ceased to
bend in the strange frigid gust from the water.  The thunder sank to a sort
of dull mumbling chuckle and finally died away.  Stars came out, and the stamp
of triumph on Charles Ward's face crystallised into a very singular
expression.

For two months or more after this incident Ward was less confined than usual
to his laboratory.  He exhibited a curious interest in the weather, and made
odd inquires about the date of the spring thawing of the ground.  One night
late in March he left the house after midnight, and did not return till almost
morning; when his mother, being wakeful, heard a rumbling motor draw up to
the carriage entrance.  Muffled oaths could be distinguished, and Mrs.  Ward,
rising and going to the window, saw four dark figures removing a long, heavy
box from a truck at Charles's direction and carrying it within by the side
door.  She heard laboured breathing and ponderous footfalls on the stairs,
and finally a dull thumping in the attic; after which the footfalls descended
again, and the four reappeared outside and drove off in their truck.

The next day Charles resumed his strict attic seclusion, drawing down the
dark shades of his laboratory windows and appearing to be working on some
metal substance.  He would open the door to no one, and steadfastly refused
all proffered food.  About noon a wrenching sound followed by a terrible cry
and a fall were heard, but when Mrs.  Ward rapped at the door her son at length
answered faintly, and told her that nothing had gone amiss.  The hideous and
indescribable stench now welling out was absolutely harmless and unfortunately
necessary.  Solitude was the one prime essential, and he would appear later
for dinner.  That afternoon, after the conclusion of some odd hissing sounds
which came from behind the locked portal, he did finally appear; wearing
an extremely haggard aspect and forbidding anyone to enter the laboratory
upon any pretext.  This, indeed, proved the beginning of a new policy of secrecy;
for never afterward was any other person permitted to visit either the mysterious
garret workroom or the adjacent storeroom which he cleaned out, furnished
roughly, and added to his inviolable private domain as a sleeping apartment.
Here he lived, with books brought up from his library beneath, till the time
he purchased the Pawtuxet bungalow and moved to it all his scientific
effects.

In the evening Charles secured the paper before the rest of the family and
damaged part of it through an apparent accident.  Later on Dr.  Willett, having
fixed the date from statements by various members of the household, looked
up an intact copy at the Journal office and found that in the destroyed
section the following small item had occurred:

Nocturnal Diggers Surprised in North Burial Ground

Robert Hart, night watchman at the North Burial Ground, this morning
discovered a party of several men with a motor truck in the oldest part of
the cemetery, but apparently frightened them off before they had accomplished
whatever their object may have been.

The discovery took place at about four o ' clock, when Hart's attention was
attracted by the sound of a motor outside his shelter.  Investigating, he
saw a large truck on the main drive several rods away; but could not reach
it before the noise of his feet on the gravel had revealed his approach.
The men hastily placed a large box in the truck and drove away toward the
street before they could be overtaken; and since no known grave was disturbed,
Hart believes that this box was an object which they wished to bury.

The diggers must have been at work for a long while before detection, for
Hart found an enormous hold dug at a considerable distance back from the
roadway in the lot of Amasa Field, where most of the old stones have long
ago disappeared.  The hole, a place as large and deep as a grave, was empty;
and did not coincide with any interment mentioned in the cemetery records.

Sergt.  Riley of the Second Station viewed the spot and gave the opinion that
the hole was dug by bootleggers rather gruesomely and ingeniously seeking
a safe cache for liquor in a place not likely to be disturbed.  In reply to
questions Hart said he though the escaping truck had headed up Rochambeau
Avenue, though he could not be sure.

During the next few days Charles Ward was seldom seen by his family.  Having
added sleeping quarters to his attic realm, he kept closely to himself there,
ordering food brought to the door and not taking it in until after the servant
had gone away.  The droning of monotonous formulae and the chanting of bizarre
rhythms recurred at intervals, while at other times occasional listeners
could detect the sound of tinkling glass, hissing chemicals, running water,
or roaring gas flames.  Odours of the most unplaceable quality, wholly unlike
any before noted, hung at times around the door; and the air of tension
observable in the young recluse whenever he did venture briefly forth was
such as to excite the keenest speculation.  Once he made a hasty trip to the
Athenaeum for a book he required, and again he hired a messenger to fetch
him a highly obscure volume from Boston.  Suspense was written portentously
over the whole situation, and both the family and Dr.  Willett confessed
themselves wholly at a loss what to do or think about it.


6


Then on the fifteenth of April a strange development occurred.  While nothing
appeared to grow different in kind, there was certainly a very terrible
difference in degree; and Dr.  Willett somehow attaches great significance
to the change.  The day was Good Friday, a circumstance of which the servants
made much, but which others quite naturally dismiss as an irrelevant coincidence.
Late in the afternoon young Ward began repeating a certain formula in a
singularly loud voice, at the same time burning some substance so pungent
that its fumes escaped over the entire house.  The formula was so plainly
audible in the hall outside the locked door that Mrs.  Ward could not help
memorising it as she waited and listened anxiously, and later on she was
able to write it down at Dr.  Willett's request.  It ran as follows, and experts
have told Dr.  Willett that its very close analogue can be found in the mystic
writings of "Eliphas Levi ", that cryptic soul who crept through a crack in
the forbidden door and glimpsed the frightful vistas of the void beyond:

'Per Adonai Eloim, Adonai Jehova,
Adonai Sabaoth, Metraton On Agla Mathon,
verbum pythonicum, mysterium salamandrae,
conventus sylvorum, antra gnomorum,
daemonia Coeli God, Almonsin, Gibor, Jehosua,
Evam, Zariatnatmik, veni, veni, veni.'

This had been going on for two hours without change or intermission when
over all the neighbourhood a pandaemoniac howling of dogs set in.  The extent
of this howling can be judged from the space it received in the papers the
next day, but to those in the Ward household it was overshadowed by the odour
which instantly followed it; a hideous, all-pervasive odour which non of
them had ever smelt before or have ever smelt since.  In the midst of this
mephitic flood there came a very perceptible flash like that of lightning,
which would have been blinding and impressive but for the daylight around;
and then was heard the voice that no listener can ever forget because
of its thunderous remoteness, its incredible depth, and its eldritch
dissimilarity to Charles Ward's voice.  It shook the house, and was clearly
heard by at least two neighbours above the howling of the dogs.  Mrs.  Ward,
who had been listening in despair outside her son's locked laboratory, shivered
as she recognised its hellish imports; for Charles had told of its evil fame
in dark books, and of the manner in which it had thundered, according to
the Fenner letter, above the doomed Pawtuxet farmhouse on the night of Joseph
Curwen's annihilation.  There was no mistaking that nightmare phrase, for
Charles had described it too vividly in the old days when he had talked frankly
of his Curwen investigations.  And yet it was only this fragment of an archaic
and forgotten language: 'DIES MIES JESCHET BOENE DOESEF DOUVEMA ENITEMAUS.'

Close upon this thundering there came a momentary darkening of the daylight,
though sunset was still an hour distant, and then a puff of added odour different
from the first but equally unknown and intolerable.  Charles was chanting
again now and his mother could hear syllables that sounded like 'Yi nash
Yog Sothoth he lgeb throdag'-ending in a 'Yah!'whose maniacal force mounted
in an ear-splitting crescendo.  A second later all previous memories were
effaced by the wailing scream which burst out with frantic explosiveness
and gradually changed form to a paroxysm of diabolic and hysterical laughter.
Mrs.  Ward, with the mingled fear and blind courage of maternity, advanced
and knocked affrightedly at the concealing panels, but obtained no sign of
recognition.  She knocked again, but paused nervelessly as a second shriek
arose, this one unmistakably in the familiar voice of her son, and sounding
concurrently with the still bursting cachinnations of that other voice.
Presently she fainted, although she is still unable to recall the precise
and immediate cause.  Memory sometimes makes merciful deletions.

Mr.  Ward returned from the business section at about quarter past six; and
not finding his wife downstairs, was told by the frightened servants that
she was probably watching at Charles's door, from which the sounds had been
far stranger than ever before.  Mounting the stairs at once, he saw Mrs.  Ward
stretched out at full length on the floor of the corridor outside the laboratory;
and realising that she had fainted, hastened to fetch a glass of water from
a set bowl in a neighbouring alcove.  Dashing the cold fluid in her face,
he was heartened to observe an immediate response on her part, and was watching
the bewildered opening of her eyes when a chill shot through him and threatened
to reduce him to the very state from which she was emerging.  For the seemingly
silent laboratory was not as silent as it had appeared to be, but held the
murmurs of a tense, muffled conversation in tones too low for comprehension,
yet of a quality profoundly disturbing to the soul.

It was not, of course, new for Charles to mutter formulae; but this muttering
was definitely different.  It was so palpably a dialogue, or imitation of
a dialogue, with the regular alteration of inflections suggesting question
and answer, statement and response.  One voice was undisguisedly that of Charles,
but the other had a depth and hollowness which the youth's best powers of
ceremonial mimicry had scarcely approached before.  There was something hideous,
blasphemous, and abnormal about it, and but for a cry from his recovering
wife which cleared his mind by arousing his protective instincts it is not
likely that Theodore Howland Ward could have maintained for nearly a year
more his old boast that he had never fainted.  As it was, he seized his wife
in his arms and bore her quickly downstairs before she could notice the voices
which had so horribly disturbed him.  Even so, however, he was not quick enough
to escape catching something himself which caused him to stagger dangerously
with his burden.  For Mrs.  Ward's cry had evidently been heard by others than
he, and there had come in response to it from behind the locked door the
first distinguishable words which that masked and terrible colloquy had yielded.
They were merely an excited caution in Charles's own voice, but somehow their
implications held a nameless fright for the father who overheard them.  The
phrase was just this: 'Sshh!- write!{

Mr.  and Mrs.  Ward conferred at some length after dinner, and the former resolved
to have a firm and serious talk with Charles that very night.  No matter how
important the object, such conduct could no longer be permitted; for these
latest developments transcended every limit of sanity and formed a menace
to the order and nervous well-being of the entire household.  The youth must
indeed have taken complete leave of his senses, since only downright madness
could have prompted the wild screams and imaginary conversations in assumed
voices which the present day had brought forth.  All this must be stopped,
or Mrs.  Ward would be made ill and the keeping of servants become an
impossibility.

Mr.  Ward rose at the close of the meal and started upstairs for Charles's
laboratory.  On the third floor, however, he paused at the sounds which he
heard proceeding from the now disused library of his son.  Books were apparently
being flung about and papers wildly rustled, and upon stepping to the door
Mr.  Ward beheld the youth within, excitedly assembling a vast armful of literary
matter of every size and shape.  Charles's aspect was very drawn and haggard,
and he dropped his entire load with a start at the sound of his father's
voice.  At the elder man's command he sat down, and for some time listened
to the admonitions he had so long deserved.  There was no scene.  At the end
of the lecture he agreed that his father was right, and that his noises,
mutterings, incantations, and chemical odours were indeed inexcusable nuisances.
He agreed to a policy of great quiet, though insisting on a prolongation
of his extreme privacy.  Much of his future work, he said, was in any case
purely book research; and he could obtain quarters elsewhere for any such
vocal rituals as might be necessary at a later stage.  For the fright and
fainting of his mother he expressed the keenest contrition, and explained
that the conversation later heard was part of an elaborate symbolism designed
to create a certain mental atmosphere.  His use of abstruse technical terms
somewhat bewildered Mr.  Ward, but the parting impression was one of undeniable
sanity and poise despite a mysterious tension of the utmost gravity.  The
interview was really quite inconclusive, and as Charles picked up his armful
and left the room Mr.  Ward hardly knew what to make of the entire business.
It was as mysterious as the death of poor old Nig, whose stiffening form
had been found an hour before in the basement, with staring eyes and
fear-distorted mouth.

Driven by some vague detective instinct, the bewildered parent now glanced
curiously at the vacant shelves to see what his son had taken up to the attic.
The youth's library was plainly and rigidly classified, so that one might
tell at a glance the books or at least the kind of books which had been
withdrawn.  On this occasion Mr.  Ward was astonished to find that nothing
of the occult or the antiquarian, beyond what had been previously removed,
was missing.  These new withdrawals were all modern items; histories, scientific
treatises, geographies, manuals of literature, philosophic works, and certain
contemporary newspapers and magazines.  It was a very curious shift from Charles
Ward's recent run of reading, and the father paused in a growing vortex of
perplexity and an engulfing sense of strangeness.  The strangeness was a very
poignant sensation, and almost clawed at his chest as he strove to see just
what was wrong around him.  Something was indeed wrong, and tangibly as well
as spiritually so.  Ever since he had been in this room he had known that
something was amiss, and at last it dawned upon him what it was.

On the north wall rose still the ancient carved overmantel from the house
in Olney Court, but to the cracked and precariously restored oils of the
large Curwen portrait disaster had come.  Time and unequal heating had done
their work at last, and at some time since the room's last cleaning the worst
had happened.  Peeling clear of the wood, curling tighter and tighter, and
finally crumbling into small bits with what must have been malignly silent
suddenness, the portrait of Joseph Curwen had resigned forever its staring
surveillance of the youth it so strangely resembled, and now lay scattered
on the floor as a thin coating of fine blue-grey dust.



CHAPTER FOUR

A Mutation and a Madness


1


In the week following that memorable Good Friday Charles Ward was seen more
often than usual, and was continually carrying books between his library
and the attic laboratory.  His actions were quiet and rational, but he had
a furtive, hunted look which his mother did not like, and developed an incredibly
ravenous appetite as gauged by his demands upon the cook.  Dr.  Willett had
been told of those Friday noises and happenings, and on the following Tuesday
had a long conversation with the youth in the library where the picture stared
no more.  The interview was, as always, inconclusive; but Willett is still
ready to swear that the youth was sane and himself at the time.  He held out
promises of an early revelation, and spoke of the need of securing a laboratory
elsewhere.  At the loss of the portrait he grieved singularly little considering
his first enthusiasm over it, but seemed to find something of positive humour
in its sudden crumbling.

About the second week Charles began to be absent from the house for long
periods, and one day when good old black Hannah came to help with the spring
cleaning she mentioned his frequent visits to the old house in Olney Court,
where he would come with a large valise and perform curious delvings in the
cellar.  He was always very liberal to her and to old Asa, but seemed more
worried than he used to be; which grieved her very much, since she had watched
him grow up from birth.  Another report of his doings came from Pawtuxet,
where some friends of the family saw him at a distance a surprising number
of times.  He seemed to haunt the resort and canoe-house of
Rhodes-on-the-Pawtuxet, and subsequent inquiries by Dr.  Willett at that place
brought out the fact that his purpose was always to secure access to the
rather hedged-in river-bank, along which he would walk toward the north,
usually not reappearing for a very long while.

Late in May came a momentary revival of ritualistic sounds in the attic
laboratory which brought a stern reproof from Mr.  Ward and a somewhat distracted
promise of amendment from Charles.  It occurred one morning, and seemed to
form a resumption of the imaginary conversation noted on that turbulent Good
Friday.  The youth was arguing or remonstrating hotly with himself, for there
suddenly burst forth a perfectly distinguishable series of clashing shouts
in differentiated tones like alternate demands and denials which caused Mrs.
Ward to run upstairs and listen at the door.  She could hear no more than
a fragment whose only plain words were 'must have it red for three months ',
and upon her knocking all sounds ceased at once.  When Charles was later
questioned by his father he said that there were certain conflicts of spheres
of consciousness which only great skill could avoid, but which he would try
to transfer to other realms.

About the middle of June a queer nocturnal incident occurred.  In the early
evening there had been some noise and thumping in the laboratory upstairs,
and Mr.  Ward was on the point of investigating when it suddenly quieted down.
That midnight, after the family had retired, the butler was nightlocking
the front door when according to his statement Charles appeared somewhat
blunderingly and uncertainly at the foot of the stairs with a large suitcase
and made signs that he wished egress.  The youth spoke no word, but the worthy
Yorkshireman caught one sight of his fevered eyes and trembled causelessly.
He opened the door and young Ward went out, but in the morning he presented
his resignation to Mrs.  Ward.  There was, he said, something unholy in the
glance Charles had fixed on him.  It was no way for a young gentleman to look
at an honest person, and he could not possibly stay another night.  Mrs.  Ward
allowed the man to depart, but she did not value his statement highly.  To
fancy Charles in a savage state that night was quite ridiculous, for as long
as she had remained awake she had heard faint sounds from the laboratory
above; sounds as if of sobbing and pacing, and of a sighing which told only
of despair's profoundest depths.  Mrs.  Ward had grown used to listening for
sounds in the night, for the mystery of her son was fast driving all else
from her mind.

The next evening, much as on another evening nearly three months before,
Charles Ward seized the newspaper very early and accidentally lost the main
section.  This matter was not recalled till later, when Dr.  Willett began
checking up loose ends and searching out missing links here and there.  In
the Journal office he found the section which Charles had lost, and
marked two items as of possible significance.  They were as follows:


More Cemetery Delving

It was this morning discovered by Robert Hart, night watchman at the
North Burial Ground, that ghouls were again at work in the ancient portion
of the cemetery.  The grave of Ezra Weeden, who was born in 1740 and died
in 1824 according to his uprooted and savagely splintered slate headstone,
was found excavated and rifled, the work being evidently done with a spade
stolen from an adjacent tool-shed.

Whatever the contents may have been after more than a century of burial,
all was gone except a few slivers of decayed wood.  There were no wheel tracks,
but the police have measured a single set of footprints which they found
in the vicinity, and which indicate the boots of a man of refinement.

Hart is inclined to link this incident with the digging discovered
last March, when a party in a motor truck were frightened away after making
a deep excavation; but Sergt.  Riley of the Second Station discounts this
theory and points to vital differences in the two cases.  In March the digging
had been in a spot where no grave was known; but this time a well-marked
and cared-for grave had been rifled with every evidence of deliberate purpose,
and with a conscious malignity expressed in the splintering of the slab which
had been intact up to the day before.

Members of the Weeden family, notified of the happening, expressed
their astonishment and regret; and were wholly unable to think of any enemy
who would care to violate the grave of their ancestor.  Hazard Weeden of 598
Angell Street recalls a family legend according to which Ezra Weeden was
involved in some very peculiar circumstances, not dishonourable to himself,
shortly before the Revolution; but of any modern feud or mystery he is frankly
ignorant.  Inspector Cunningham has been assigned to the case, and hopes to
uncover some valuable clues in the near future.


Dogs Noisy in Pawtuxet

Residents of Pawtuxet were aroused about 3 a.  m.  today by a phenomenal
baying of dogs which seemed to centre near the river just north of
Rhodes-on-the-Pawtuxet.  The volume and quality of the howling were unusually
odd, according to most who heart it; and Fred Lemdin, night watchman at Rhodes,
declares it was mixed with something very like the shrieks of a man in mortal
terror and agony.  A sharp and very brief thunderstorm, which seemed to strike
somewhere near the bank of the river, put an end to the disturbance.  Strange
and unpleasant odours, probably from the oil tanks along the bay, are popularly
linked with this incident; and may have had their share in exciting the
dogs.

The aspect of Charles now became very haggard and hunted, and all agreed
in retrospect that he may have wished at this period to make some statement
or confession from which sheer terror withheld him.  The morbid listening
of his mother in the night brought out the fact that he made frequent sallies
abroad under cover of darkness, and most of the more academic alienists unite
at present in charging him with the revolting cases of vampirism which the
press so sensationally reported about this time, but which have not yet been
definitely traced to any known perpetrator.  These cases, too recent and
celebrated to need detailed mention, involved victims of every age and type
and seemed to cluster around two distinct localities; the residential hill
and the North End, near the Ward home, and the suburban districts across
the Cranston line near Pawtuxet.  Both late wayfarers and sleepers with open
windows were attacked, and those who lived to tell the tale spoke unanimously
of a lean, lithe, leaping monster with burning eyes which fastened its teeth
in the throat or upper arm and feasted ravenously.

Dr.  Willett, who refuses to date the madness of Charles Ward as far back
as even this, is cautious in attempting to explain these horrors.  He has,
he declares, certain theories of his own; and limits his positive statements
to a peculiar kind of negation: 'I will not,' he says, 'state who or what
I believe perpetrated these attacks and murders, but I will declare that
Charles Ward was innocent of them.  I have reason to be sure he was ignorant
of the taste of blood, as indeed his continued anaemic decline and increasing
pallor prove better than any verbal argument.  Ward meddled with terrible
things, but he has paid for it, and he was never a monster or a villain.
As for now-I don't like to think.  A change came, and I'm content to believe
that the old Charles Ward died with it.  His soul did, anyhow, for that mad
flesh that vanished from Waite's hospital had another.'

Willett speaks with authority, for he was often at the Ward home attending
Mrs.  Ward, whose nerves had begun to snap under the strain.  Her nocturnal
listening had bred some morbid hallucinations which she confided to the doctor
with hesitancy, and which he ridiculed in talking to her, although they made
him ponder deeply when alone.  These delusions always concerning the faint
sounds which she fancied she heard in the attic laboratory and bedroom, and
emphasised the occurrence of muffled sighs and sobbings at the most impossible
times.  Early in July Willett ordered Mrs.  Ward to Atlantic City for an indefinite
recuperative sojourn, and cautioned both Mr.  Ward and the haggard and elusive
Charles to write her only cheering letters.  It is probably to this enforced
and reluctant escape that she owes her life and continued sanity.


2


Not long after his mother's departure, Charles Ward began negotiating for
the Pawtuxet bungalow.  It was a squalid little wooden edifice with a concrete
garage, perched high on the sparsely settled bank of the river slightly above
Rhodes, but for some odd reason the youth would have nothing else.  He gave
the real-estate agencies no peace till one of them secured it for him at
an exorbitant price from a somewhat reluctant owner, and as soon as it was
vacant he took possession under cover of darkness,, transporting in a great
closed van the entire contents of his attic laboratory, including the books
both weird and modern which he had borrowed from his study.  He had this van
loaded in the black small hours, and his father recalls only a drowsy realisation
of stifled oaths and stamping feet on the night the goods were taken away.
After that Charles moved back to his own old quarters on the third floor,
and never haunted the attic again.

To the Pawtuxet bungalow Charles transferred all the secrecy with which he
had surrounded his attic realm, save that he now appeared to have two sharers
of his mysteries; a villainous-looking Portuguese half-caste from the South
Main St.  waterfront who acted as a servant, and a thin, scholarly stranger
with dark glasses and a stubbly full beard of dyed aspect whose status was
evidently that of a colleague.  Neighbours vainly tried to engage these odd
persons in conversation.  The mulatto Gomes spoke very little English, and
the bearded man, who gave his name as Dr.  Allen, voluntarily followed his
example.  Ward himself tried to be more affable, but succeeded only in provoking
curiousity with his rambling accounts of chemical research.  Before long queer
tales began to circulate regarding the all-night burning of lights; and somewhat
later, after this burning had suddenly ceased, there rose still queerer tales
of disproportionate orders of meat from the butcher's and of the muffled
shouting, declamation, rhythmic chanting, and screaming supposed to come
from some very cellar below the place.  Most distinctly the new and strange
household was bitterly disliked by the honest bourgeoisie of the vicinity,
and it is not remarkable that dark hints were advanced connecting the hated
establishment with the current epidemic of vampiristic attacks and murders;
especially since the radius of that plague seemed now confined wholly to
Pawtuxet and the adjacent streets of Edgewood.

Ward spent most of his time at the bungalow, but slept occasionally at home
and was still reckoned a dweller beneath his father's roof.  Twice he was
absent from the city on week-long trips, whose destinations have not yet
been discovered.  He grew steadily paler and more emaciated even than before,
and lacked some of his former assurance when repeating to Dr.  Willett his
old, old story of vital research and future revelations.  Willett often waylaid
him at his father's house, for the elder Ward was deeply worried and perplexed,
and wished his son to get as much sound oversight as could be managed in
the case of so secretive and independent an adult.  The doctor still insists
that the youth was sane even as late as this, and adduces many a conversation
to prove his point.

About September the vampirism declined, but in the following January almost
became involved in serious trouble.  For some time the nocturnal arrival and
departure of motor trucks at the Pawtuxet bungalow had been commented upon,
and at this juncture an unforeseen hitch exposed the nature of at least one
item of their contents.  In a lonely spot near Hope Valley had occurred one
of the frequent sordid waylaying of trucks by "hi-jackers "in quest of liquor
shipments, but this time the robbers had been destined to receive the greater
shock.  For the long cases they seized proved upon opening to contain some
exceedingly gruesome things; so gruesome, in fact, that the matter could
not be kept quiet amongst the denizens of the underworld.  The thieves had
hastily buried what they discovered, but when the State Police got wind of
the matter a careful search was made.  A recently arrived vagrant, under promise
of immunity from prosecution on any additional charge, at last consented
to guide a party of troopers to the spot; and there was found in that hasty
cache a very hideous and shameful thing.  It would not be well for the national
- or even the international-sense of decorum if the public were ever to
know what was uncovered by that awestruck party.  There was no mistaking it,
even by those far from studious officers; and telegrams to Washington ensued
with feverish rapidity.

The cases were addressed to Charles Ward at his Pawtuxet bungalow, and State
and Federal officials at once paid him a very forceful and serious call.
They found him pallid and worried with his two odd companions, and received
from him what seemed to be a valid explanation and evidence of innocence.
He had needed certain anatomical specimens as part of a programme of research
whose depth and genuineness anyone who had known him in the last decade could
prove, and had ordered the required kind and number from agencies which he
had thought as reasonably legitimate as such things can be.  Of the
identity of the specimens he had known absolutely nothing, and
was properly shocked when the inspectors hinted at the monstrous effect on
public sentiment and national dignity which a knowledge of the matter would
produce.  In this statement he was firmly sustained by his bearded colleague
Dr.  Allen, whose oddly hollow voice carried even more conviction than his
own nervous tones; so that in the end the officials took no action, but carefully
set down the New York name and address which Ward gave them a basis for a
search which came to nothing.  It is only fair to add that the specimens were
quickly and quietly restored to their proper places, and that the general
public will never know of their blasphemous disturbance.

On February 9, 1928, Dr.  Willett received a letter from Charles Ward which
he considers of extraordinary importance, and about which he has frequently
quarrelled with Dr.  Lyman.  Lyman believes that this note contains positive
proof of a well-developed case of dementia praecox, but Willett on
the other hand regards it as the last perfectly sane utterance of the hapless
youth.  He calls especial attention to the normal character of the penmanship;
which though shewing traces of shattered nerves, is nevertheless distinctly
Ward's own.  The text in full is as follows:

100 Prospect St.
Providence, R.  I.,
February 8, 1928.

Dear Dr.  Willett:-

I feel that at last the time has come for me to make the disclosures
which I have so long promised you, and for which you have pressed me so often.
The patience you have shewn in waiting, and the confidence you have shewn
in my mind and integrity, are things I shall never cease to appreciate.

And now that I am ready to speak, I must own with humiliation that
no triumph such as I dreamed of can ever by mine.  Instead of triumph I have
found terror, and my talk with you will not be a boast of victory but a plea
for help and advice in saving both myself and the world from a horror beyond
all human conception or calculation.  You recall what those Fenner letters
said of the old raiding party at Pawtuxet.  That must all be done again, and
quickly.  Upon us depends more than can be put into words-all civilisation,
all natural law, perhaps even the fate of the solar system and the universe.
I have brought to light a monstrous abnormality, but I did it for the sake
of knowledge.  Now for the sake of all life and Nature you must help me thrust
it back into the dark again.

I have left that Pawtuxet place forever, and we must extirpate everything
existing there, alive or dead.  I shall not go there again, and you must not
believe it if you ever hear that I am there.  I will tell you why I say this
when I see you.  I have come home for good, and wish you would call on me
at the very first moment that you can spare five or six hours continuously
to hear what I have to say.  It will take that long-and believe me when
I tell you that you never had a more genuine professional duty than this.
My life and reason are the very least things which hang in the balance.

I dare not tell my father, for he could not grasp the whole thing.
But I have told him of my danger, and he has four men from a detective agency
watching the house.  I don't know how much good they can do, for they have
against them forces which even you could scarcely envisage or acknowledge.
So come quickly if you wish to see me alive and hear how you may help to
save the cosmos from stark hell.

Any time will do-I shall not be out of the house.  Don't telephone
ahead, for there is no telling who or what may try to intercept you.  And
let us pray to whatever gods there be that nothing may prevent this
meeting.

In utmost gravity and desperation,

Charles Dexter Ward.

P.  S.  Shoot Dr.  Allen on sight and dissolve his body in acid.  Don't
burn it.

Dr.  Willett received this note about 10: 30 a.  m., and immediately arranged
to spare the whole late afternoon and evening for the momentous talk, letting
it extend on into the night as long as might be necessary.  He planned to
arrive about four o ' clock, and through all the intervening hours was so engulfed
in every sort of wild speculation that most of his tasks were very mechanically
performed.  Maniacal as the letter would have sounded to a stranger, Willett
had seen too much of Charles Ward's oddities to dismiss it as sheer raving.
That something very subtle, ancient, and horrible was hovering about he felt
quite sure, and the reference to Dr.  Allen could almost be comprehended in
view of what Pawtuxet gossip said of Ward's enigmatical colleague.  Willett
had never seen the man, but had heard much of his aspect and bearing, and
could not but wonder what sort of eyes those much-discussed dark glasses
might conceal.

Promptly at four Dr.  Willett presented himself at the Ward residence, but
found to his annoyance that Charles had not adhered to his determination
to remain indoors.  The guards were there, but said that the young man seemed
to have lost part of his timidity.  He had that morning done much apparently
frightened arguing and protesting over the telephone, one of the detectives
said, replying to some unknown voice with phrases such as 'I am very tired
and must rest a while ', 'I can't receive anyone for some time ', 'you 'll have
to excuse me ', 'Please postpone decisive action till we can arrange some
sort of compromise ', or 'I am very sorry, but I must take a complete vacation
from everything; I'll talk with you later.' Then, apparently gaining boldness
through meditation, he had slipped out so quietly that no one had seen him
depart or knew that he had gone until he returned about one o'clock and entered
the house without a word.  He had gone upstairs, where a bit of his fear must
have surged back; for he was heard to cry out in a highly terrified fashion
upon entering his library, afterward trailing off into a kind of choking
gasp.  When, however, the butler had gone to inquire what the trouble was,
he had appeared at the door with a great show of boldness, and had silently
gestured the man away in a manner that terrified him unaccountably.  Then
he had evidently done some rearranging of his shelves, for a great clattering
and thumping and creaking ensued; after which he had reappeared and left
at once.  Willett inquired whether or not any message had been left, but was
told that there was no none.  The butler seemed queerly disturbed about something
in Charles's appearance and manner, and asked solicitously if there was much
hope for a cure of his disordered nerves.

For almost two hours Dr.  Willett waited vainly in Charles Ward's library,
watching the dusty shelves with their wide gaps where books had been removed,
and smiling grimly at the panelled overmantel on the north wall, whence a
year before the suave features of old Joseph Curwen had looked mildly down.
After a time the shadows began to gather, and the sunset cheer gave place
to a vague growing terror which flew shadow-like before the night.  Mr.  Ward
finally arrived, and shewed much surprise and anger at his son's absence
after all the pains which had been taken to guard him.  He had not known of
Charles's appointment, and promised to notify Willett when the youth returned.
In bidding the doctor goodnight he expressed his utter perplexity at his
son's condition, and urged his caller to do all he could to restore the boy
to normal poise.  Willett was glad to escape from that library, for something
frightful and unholy seemed to haunt it; as if the vanished picture had left
behind a legacy of evil.  He had never liked that picture; and even now,
strong-nerved though he was, there lurked a quality in its vacant panel which
made him feel an urgent need to get out into the pure air as soon as possible.


3


The next morning Willett received a message from the senior Ward, saying
that Charles was still absent.  Mr.  Ward mentioned that Dr.  Allen had telephoned
him to say that Charles would remain at Pawtuxet for some time, and that
he must not be disturbed.  This was necessary because Allen himself was suddenly
called away for an indefinite period, leaving the researches in need of Charles's
constant oversight.  Charles sent his best wishes, and regretted any bother
his abrupt change of plans might have caused.  It listening to this message
Mr.  Ward heard Dr.  Allen's voice for the first time, and it seemed to excite
some vague and elusive memory which could not be actually placed, but which
was disturbing to the point of fearfulness.

Faced by these baffling and contradictory reports, Dr.  Willett was frankly
at a loss what to do.  The frantic earnestness of Charles's note was not to
be denied, yet what could one think of its writer's immediate violation of
his own expressed policy? Young Ward had written that his delvings had become
blasphemous and menacing, that they and his bearded colleague must be extirpated
at any cost, and that he himself would never return to their final scene;
yet according to latest advices he had forgotten all this and was back in
the thick of the mystery.  Common sense bade one leave the youth alone with
his freakishness, yet some deeper instinct would not permit the impression
of that frenzied letter to subside.  Willett read it over again, and could
not make its essence sound as empty and insane as both its bombastic verbiage
and its lack of fulfilment would seem to imply.  Its terror was too profound
and real, and in conjunction with what the doctor already knew evoked too
vivid hints of monstrosities from beyond time and space to permit of any
cynical explanation.  There were nameless horrors abroad; and no matter how
little one might be able to get at them, one ought to stand prepared for
any sort of action at any time.

For over a week Dr.  Willett pondered on the dilemma which seemed thrust upon
him, and became more and more inclined to pay Charles a call at the Pawtuxet
bungalow.  No friend of the youth had ever ventured to storm this forbidden
retreat, and even his father knew of its interior only from such descriptions
as he chose to give; but Willett felt that some direct conversation with
his patient was necessary.  Mr.  Ward had been receiving brief and non-committal
typed notes from his son, and said that Mrs.  Ward in her Atlantic City retirement
had had no better word.  So at length the doctor resolved to act; and despite
a curious sensation inspired by old legends of Joseph Curwen, and by more
recent revelations and warnings from Charles Ward, set boldly out for the
bungalow on the bluff above the river.

Willett had visited the spot before through sheer curiousity, though of course
never entering the house or proclaiming his presence; hence knew exactly
the route to take.  Driving out Broad Street one early afternoon toward the
end of February in his small motor, he thought oddly of the grim party which
had taken that selfsame road a hundred and fifty-seven years before on a
terrible errand which none might ever comprehend.

The ride through the city's decaying fringe was short, and trim Edgewood
and sleepy Pawtuxet presently spread out ahead.  Willett turned to the right
down Lockwood Street and drove his car as far along that rural road as he
could, then alighted and walked north to where the bluff towered above the
lovely bends of the river and the sweep of misty downlands beyond.  Houses
were still few here, and there was no mistaking the isolated bungalow with
its concrete garage on a high point of land at his left.  Stepping briskly
up the neglected gravel walk he rapped at the door with a firm hand, and
spoke without a tremor to the evil Portuguese mulatto who opened it to the
width of a crack.

He must, he said, see Charles Ward at once on vitally important business.
No excuse would be accepted, and a repulse would mean only a full report
of the matter to the elder Ward.  The mulatto still hesitated, and pushed
against the door when Willett attempted to open it; but the doctor merely
raised his voice and renewed his demands.  Then there came from the dark interior
a husky whisper which somehow chilled the hearer through and through though
he did not know why he feared it.  'Let him in, Tony,' it said, 'we may as
well talk now as ever.' But disturbing as was the whisper, the greater fear
was that which immediately followed.  The floor creaked and the speaker hove
in sight-and the owner of those strange and resonant tones was seen to
be no other than Charles Dexter Ward.

The minuteness with which Dr.  Willett recalled and recorded his conversation
of that afternoon is due to the importance he assigns to this particular
period.  For at last he concedes a vital change in Charles Dexter Ward's
mentality, and believes that the youth now spoke from a brain hopelessly
alien to the brain whose growth he had watched for six and twenty years.
Controversy with Dr.  Lyman has compelled him to be very specific, and he
definitely dates the madness of Charles Ward from the time the typewritten
notes began to reach his parents.  Those notes are not in Ward's normal style;
not even in the style of that last frantic letter to Willett.  Instead, they
are strange and archaic, as if the snapping of the writer's mind had released
a flood of tendencies and impressions picked up unconsciously through boyhood
antiquarianism.  There is an obvious effort to be modern, but the spirit and
occasionally the language are those of the past.

The past, too, was evident in Ward's every tone and gesture as he received
the doctor in that shadowy bungalow.  He bowed, motioned Willett to a seat,
and began to speak abruptly in that strange whisper which he sought to explain
at the very outset.

'I am grown phthisical,' he began, 'from this cursed river air.  You must
excuse my speech.  I suppose you are come from my father to see what ails
me, and I hope you will say nothing to alarm him.'

Willett was studying these scraping tones with extreme care, but studying
even more closely the face of the speaker.  Something, he felt, was wrong;
and he thought of what the family had told him about the fright of that Yorkshire
butler one night.  He wished it were not so dark, but did not request that
the blind be opened.  Instead, he merely asked Ward why he had so belied the
frantic note of little more than a week before.

'I was coming to that,' the host replied.  'You must know, I am in a very
bad state of nerves, and do and say queer things I cannot account for.  As
I have told you often, I am on the edge of great matters; and the bigness
of them has a way of making me light-headed.  Any man might well be frighted
of what I have found, but I am not to be put off for long.  I was a dunce
to have that guard and stick at home; for having gone this far, my place
is here.  I am not well spoke of my prying neighbours, and perhaps I was led
by weakness to believe myself what they say of me.  There is no evil to any
in what I do, so long as I do it rightly.  Have the goodness to wait six months,
and I'll shew you what will pay your patience well.'

'You may as well know I have a way of learning old matters from things surer
than books, and I'll leave you to judge the importance of what I can give
to history, philosophy, and the arts by reason of the doors I have access
to.  My ancestor had all this when those witless peeping Toms came and murdered
him.  I now have it again, or am coming very imperfectly to have a part of
it.  This time nothing must happen, and least of all though any idiot fears
of my own.  Pray forget all I writ you, Sir, and have no fear of this place
or any in it.  Dr.  Allen is a man of fine parts, and I own him an apology
for anything ill I have said of him.  I wish I had no need to spare him, but
there were things he had to do elsewhere.  His zeal is equal to mine in all
those matters, and I suppose that when I feared the work I feared him too
as my greatest helper in it.'

Ward paused, and the doctor hardly knew what to say or think.  He felt almost
foolish in the face of this calm repudiation of the letter; and yet there
clung to him the fact that while the present discourse was strange and alien
and indubitably mad, the note itself had been tragic in its naturalness and
likeness to the Charles Ward he knew.  Willett now tried to turn the talk
on early matters, and recall to the youth some past events which would restore
a familiar mood; but in this process he obtained only the most grotesque
results.  It was the same with all the alienists later on.  Important sections
of Charles Ward's store of mental images, mainly those touching modern times
and his own personal life, had been unaccountably expunged; whilst all the
massed antiquarianism of his youth had welled up from some profound
subconsciousness to engulf the contemporary and the individual.  The youth's
intimate knowledge of elder things was abnormal and unholy, and he tried
his best to hide it.  When Willett would mention some favourite object of
his boyhood archaistic studies he often shed by pure accident such a light
as no normal mortal could conceivably be expected to possess, and the doctor
shuddered as the glib allusion glided by.

It was not wholesome to know so much about the way the fat sheriff's wig
fell off as he leaned over at the play in Mr.  Douglass's Histrionick Academy
in King Street on the eleventh of February, 1762, which fell on a Thursday;
or about how the actors cut the text of Steele's Conscious Lover so
badly that one was almost glad the Baptist-ridden legislature closed the
theatre a fortnight later.  That Thomas Sabin's Boston coach was "damn ' d
uncomfortable" old letters may well have told; but what healthy antiquarian
could recall how the creaking of Epenetus Olney's new signboard (the gaudy
crown he set up after he took to calling his tavern the Crown Coffee House)
was exactly like the first few notes of the new jazz piece all the radios
in Pawtuxet were playing?

Ward, however, would not be quizzed long in this vein.  Modern and personal
topics he waved aside quite summarily, whilst regarding antique affairs he
soon shewed the plainest boredom.  What he wished clearly enough was only
to satisfy his visitor enough to make him depart without the intention of
returning.  To this end he offered to shew Willett the entire house, and at
once proceeded to lead the doctor through every room from cellar to attic.
Willett looked sharply, but noted that the visible books were far too few
and trivial to have ever filled the wide gaps on Ward's shelves at home,
and that the meagre so-called "laboratory "was the flimsiest sort of a blind.
Clearly, there were a library and a laboratory elsewhere; but just where,
it was impossible to say.  Essentially defeated in his quest for something
he could not name, Willett returned to town before evening and told the senior
Ward everything which had occurred.  They agreed that the youth must be definitely
out of his mind, but decided that nothing drastic need be done just then.
Above all, Mrs.  Ward must be kept in as complete an ignorance as her son's
own strange typed notes would permit.

Mr.  Ward now determined to call in person upon his son, making it wholly
a surprise visit.  Dr.  Willett took him in his car one evening, guiding him
to within sight of the bungalow and waiting patiently for his return.  The
session was a long one, and the father emerged in a very saddened and perplexed
state.  His reception had developed much like Willett ' s, save that Charles
had been an excessively long time in appearing after the visitor had forced
his way into the hall and sent the Portuguese away with an imperative demand;
and in the bearing of the altered son there was no trace of filial affection.
The lights had been dim, yet even so the youth had complained that they dazzled
him outrageously.  He had not spoken out loud at all, averring that his throat
was in very poor condition; but in his hoarse whisper there was a quality
so vaguely disturbing that Mr.  Ward could not banish it from his mind.

Now definitely leagued together to do all they could toward the youth's mental
salvation, Mr.  Ward and Dr.  Willett set about collecting every scrap of data
which the case might afford.  Pawtuxet gossip was the first item they studied,
and this was relatively easy to glean since both had friends in that region.
Dr.  Willett obtained the most rumours because people talked more frankly
to him than to a parent of the central figure, and from all he heard he could
tell that young Ward's life had become indeed a strange one.  Common tongues
would not dissociate his household from the vampirism of the previous summer,
while the nocturnal comings and goings of the motor trucks provided their
share of dark speculations.  Local tradesmen spoke of the queerness of the
orders brought them by the evil-looking mulatto, and in particular of the
inordinate amounts of mean and fresh blood secured from the two butcher shops
in the immediate neighbourhood.  For a household of only three, these quantities
were quite absurd.

Then there was the matter of the sounds beneath the earth.  Reports of these
things were harder to point down, but all the vague hints tallied in certain
basic essentials.  Noises of a ritual nature positively existed, and at times
when the bungalow was dark.  They might, of course, have come from the known
cellar; but rumour insisted that there were deeper and more spreading crypts.
Recalling the ancient tales of Joseph Curwen's catacombs, and assuming for
granted that the present bungalow had been selected because of its situation
on the old Curwen site as revealed in one of another of the documents found
behind the picture, Willett and Mr.  Ward gave this phase of the gossip much
attention; and searched many times without success for the door in the river-bank
which old manuscripts mentioned.  As to popular opinions of the bungalow's
various inhabitants, it was soon plain that the Brava Portuguese was loathed,
the bearded and spectacled Dr.  Allen feared, and the pallid young scholar
disliked to a profound degree.  During the last week or two Ward had obviously
changed much, abandoning his attempts at affability and speaking only in
hoarse but oddly repellent whispers on the few occasions that he ventured
forth.

Such were the shreds and fragments gathered here and there; and over these
Mr.  Ward and Dr.  Willett held many long and serious conferences.  They strove
to exercise deduction, induction, and constructive imagination to their utmost
extent; and to correlate every known fact of Charles's later life, including
the frantic letter which the doctor now shewed the father, with the meagre
documentary evidence available concerning old Joseph Curwen.  They would have
given much for a glimpse of the papers Charles had found, for very clearly
the key to the youth's madness lay in what he had learned of the ancient
wizard and his doings.


4


And yet, after all, it was from no step of Mr.  Ward's or Dr.  Willett's that
the next move in this singular case proceeded.  The father and the physician,
rebuffed and confused by a shadow too shapeless and intangible to combat,
had rested uneasily on their oars while the typed notes of young Ward to
his parents grew fewer and fewer.  Then came the first of the month with its
customary financial adjustments, and the clerks at certain banks began a
peculiar shaking of heads and telephoning from one to the other.  Officials
who knew Charles Ward by sight went down to the bungalow to ask why every
cheque of his appearing at this juncture was a clumsy forgery, and were reassured
less than they ought to have been when the youth hoarsely explained that
he hand had lately been so much affected by a nervous shock as to make normal
writing impossible.  He could, he said, from no written characters at all
except with great difficulty; and could prove it by the fact that he had
been forced to type all his recent letters, even those to his father and
mother, who would bear out the assertion.

What made the investigators pause in confusion was not this circumstance
alone, for that was nothing unprecedented or fundamentally suspicious, nor
even the Pawtuxet gossip, of which one or two of them had caught echoes.
It was the muddled discourse of the young man which nonplussed them, implying
as it did a virtually total loss of memory concerning important monetary
matters which he had had at his fingertips only a month or two before.  Something
was wrong; for despite the apparent coherence and rationality of his speech,
there could be no normal reason for this ill-concealed blankness on vital
points.  Moreover, although none of these men knew Ward well, they could not
help observing the change in his language and manner.  They had heard he was
an antiquarian, but even the most hopeless antiquarians do not make daily
use of obsolete phraseology and gestures.  Altogether, this combination of
hoarseness, palsied hands, bad memory, and altered speech and bearing must
represent some disturbance or malady of genuine gravity, which no doubt formed
the basis of the prevailing odd rumours; and after their departure the party
of officials decided that a talk with the senior Ward was imperative.

So on the sixth of March, 1928, there was a long and serious conference in
Mr.  Ward's office, after which the utterly bewildered father summoned Dr.
Willett in a kind of helpless resignation.  Willett looked over the strained
and awkward signatures of the cheque, and compared them in his mind with
the penmanship of that last frantic note.  Certainly, the change was radical
and profound, and yet there was something damnably familiar about the new
writing.  It had crabbed and archaic tendencies of a very curious sort, and
seemed to result from a type of stroke utterly different from that which
the youth had always used.  It was strange-but where had he seen it before?
On the whole, it was obvious that Charles was insane.  Of that there could
be no doubt.  And since it appeared unlikely that he could handle his property
or continue to deal with the outside world much longer, something must quickly
be done toward his oversight and possible cure.  It was then that the alienists
were called in, Drs.  Peck and Waite of Providence and Dr.  Lyman of Boston,
to whom Mr.  Ward and Dr.  Willett gave the most exhaustive possible history
of the case, and who conferred at length in the now unused library of their
young patient, examining what books and papers of his were left in order
to gain some further notion of his habitual mental cast.  After scanning this
material and examining the ominous note to Willett they all agreed that Charles
Ward's studies had been enough to unseat or at least to warp any ordinary
intellect, and wished most heartily that they could see his more intimate
volumes and documents; but this latter they knew they could do, if at all,
only after a scene at the bungalow itself.  Willett now reviewed the whole
case with febrile energy; it being at this time that he obtained the statements
of the workmen who had seen Charles find the Curwen documents, and that he
collated the incidents of the destroyed newspaper items, looking up the latter
at the Journal office.

On Thursday, the eighth of March, Drs.  Willett, Peck, Lyman, and Waite,
accompanied by Mr.  Ward, paid the youth their momentous call; making no
concealment of their object and questioning the now acknowledged patient
with extreme minuteness.  Charles, although he was inordinately long in answering
the summons and was still redolent of strange and noxious laboratory odours
when he did finally make his agitated appearance, proved a far from recalcitrant
subject; and admitted freely that his memory and balance had suffered somewhat
from close application to abstruse studies.  He offered no resistance when
his removal to other quarters was insisted upon; and seemed, indeed, to display
a high degree of intelligence as apart from mere memory.  His conduct would
have sent his interviewers away in bafflement had not the persistently archaic
trend of his speech and unmistakable replacement of modern by ancient ideas
in his consciousness marked him out as one definitely removed from the normal.
Of his work he would say no more to the group of doctors than he had formerly
said to his family and to Dr.  Willett, and his frantic note of the previous
month he dismissed as mere nerves and hysteria.  He insisted that this shadowy
bungalow possessed no library possessed no library or laboratory beyond the
visible ones, and waxed abstruse in explaining the absence from the house
of such odours as now saturated all his clothing.  Neighbourhood gossip he
attributed to nothing more than the cheap inventiveness of baffled curiousity.
Of the whereabouts of Dr.  Allen he said he did not feel at liberty to speak
definitely, but assured his inquisitors that the bearded and spectacled man
would return when needed.  In paying off the stolid Brava who resisted all
questioning by the visitors, and in closing the bungalow which still seemed
to hold such nighted secrets, Ward shewed no signs of nervousness save a
barely noticed tendency to pause as though listening for something very faint.
He was apparently animated by a calmly philosophic resignation, as if he
removal were the merest transient incident which would cause the least trouble
if facilitated and disposed of once and for all.  It was clear that he trusted
to his obviously unimpaired keenness of absolute mentality to overcome all
the embarrassments into which his twisted memory, his lost voice and handwriting,
and his secretive and eccentric behaviour had led him.  His mother, it was
agreed, was not to be told of the change; his father supplying typed notes
in his name.  Ward was taken to the restfully and picturesquely situated private
hospital maintained by Dr.  Waite on Conanicut Island in the bay, and subjected
to the closest scrutiny and questioning by all the physicians connected with
the case.  It was then that the physical oddities were noticed; the slackened
metabolism, the altered skin, and the disproportionate neural reactions.
Dr.  Willett was the most perturbed of the various examiners, for he had attended
Ward all his life and could appreciate with terrible keenness the extent
of his physical disorganisation.  Even the familiar olive mark on his hip
was gone, while on his chest was a great black mole or cicatrice which had
never been there before, and which made Willett wonder whether the youth
had ever submitted to any of the witch markings reputed to be inflicted
at certain unwholesome nocturnal meetings in wild and lonely places.  The
doctor could not keep his mind off a certain transcribed witch-trial record
from Salem which Charles had shewn him in the old non-secretive days, and
which read: 'Mr.  G.  B.  on that Nighte putt ye Divell his Marke upon
Bridget S., Jonathan A., Simon O., Deliverance W., Joseph
C., Susan P., Mehitable C., and Deborah B.' Ward's
face, too, troubled him horribly, till at length he suddenly discovered why
he was horrified.  For above the young man's right eye was something which
he had never previously noticed-a small scar or pit precisely like that
in the crumbled painting of old Joseph Curwen, and perhaps attesting some
hideous ritualistic inoculation to which both had submitted at a certain
stage of their occult careers.

While Ward himself was puzzling all the doctors at the hospital a very strict
watch was kept on all mail addressed either to him or to Dr.  Allen, which
Mr.  Ward had ordered delivered at the family home.  Willett had predicted
that very little would be found, since any communications of a vital nature
would probably have been exchanged by messenger; but in the latter part of
March there did come a letter from Prague for Dr.  Allen which gave both the
doctor and the father deep thought.  It was in a very crabbed and archaic
hand; and though clearly not the effort of a foreigner, shewed almost as
singular a departure from modern English as the speech of young Ward himself.
It read:

Kleinstrasse 11,
Altstadt, Prague,
11th Feby.  1928.

Brother in Almonsin-Metraton:-

I this day receiv'd yr mention of what came up from the
Saltes I sent you.  It was wrong, and meanes clearly that
ye Headstones had been chang'd when Barnabas gott me the Specimen.
It is often so, as you must be sensible of from the
Thing you gott from ye Kings Chapell ground in 1769 and
what H.  gott from Olde Bury'g Point in 1690, that was like
to ende him.  I gott such a Thing in Aegypt 75 yeares
gone, from the which came that Scar ye Boy saw on me here
in 1924.  As I told you longe ago, do not calle up That
which you can not put downe; either from dead Saltes or
out of ye Spheres beyond.  Have ye Wordes for laying at all times
readie, and stopp not to be sure when there is any Doubte of
Whom you have.  Stones are all chang'd now in Nine groundes
out of 10.  You are never sure till you question.  I this
day heard from H., who has had Trouble with the Soldiers.  He is
like to be sorry Transylvania is pass't from Hungary to
Roumania, and wou'd change his Seat if the Castel weren't so
fulle of What we Knowe.  But of this he hath doubtless writ
you.  In my next Send'g there will be Somewhat from
a Hill tomb from ye East that will delight you greatly.  Meanwhile
forget not I am desirous of B.  F.  if you can possibly
get him for me.  You know G.  in Philada.  better than I.  Have
him upp firste if you will, but doe not use him soe hard
he will be Difficult, for I must speake to him in ye
End.

Yogg-Sothoth Neblod Zin
Simon O.

To Mr.  J.  C.  in
Providence.

Mr.  Ward and Dr.  Willett paused in utter chaos before this apparent bit of
unrelieved insanity.  Only by degrees did they absorb what it seemed to imply.
So the absent Dr.  Allen, and not Charles Ward, had come to be the leading
spirit at Pawtuxet? That must explain the wild reference and denunciation
in the youth's last frantic letter.  And what of this addressing of the bearded
and spectacled stranger as "Mr.  J.  C."? There was no escaping the inference,
but there are limits to possible monstrosity.  Who was "Simon O."; the old
man Ward had visited in Prague four years previously? Perhaps, but in the
centuries behind there had been another Simon O.-Simon Orne, alias Jedediah,
of Salem, who vanished in 1771, and whose peculiar handwriting Dr.  Willett
now unmistakably recognised from the photostatic copies of the Orne formulae
which Charles had once shown him.  What horrors and mysteries, what
contradictions and contraventions of Nature, had come back after a century
and a half to harass Old Providence with her clustered spires and domes?

The father and the old physician, virtually at a loss what to do or think,
went to see Charles at the hospital and questioned him as delicately as they
could about Dr.  Allen, about the Prague visit, and about what he had learned
of Simon or Jedediah Orne of Salem.  To all these enquiries the youth was
politely non-committal, merely barking in his hoarse whisper that he had
found Dr.  Allen to have a remarkable spiritual rapport with certain souls
from the past, and that any correspondent the bearded man might have in Prague
would probably be similarly gifted.  When they left, Mr.  Ward and Dr.  Willett
realised to their chagrin that they had really been the ones under catechism;
and that without imparting anything vital himself, the confined youth had
adroitly pumped them of everything the Prague letter had contained.

Drs.  Peck, Waite, and Lyman were not inclined to attach much importance to
the strange correspondence of young Ward's companion; for they knew the tendency
of kindred eccentrics and monomaniacs to band together, and believed that
Charles or Allen had merely unearthed an expatriated counterpart-perhaps
one who had seen Orne's handwriting and copied it in an attempt to pose as
the bygone character's reincarnation.  Allen himself was perhaps a similar
case, and may have persuaded the youth into accepting him as an avatar of
the long-dead Curwen.  Such things had been known before, and on the same
basis the hard-headed doctors disposed of Willett's growing disquiet about
Charles Ward's present handwriting, as studied from unpremeditated specimens
obtained by various ruses.  Willett thought he had placed its odd familiarity
at last, and that what it vaguely resembled was the bygone penmanship of
old Joseph Curwen himself; but this the other physicians regarded as a phase
of imitativeness only to be expected in a mania of this sort, and refused
to grant it any importance either favourable or unfavourable.  Recognising
this prosaic attitude in his colleagues, Willett advised Mr.  Ward to keep
to himself the letter which arrived for Dr.  Allen on the second of April
from Rakus, Transylvania, in a handwriting so intensely and fundamentally
like that of the Hutchinson cipher that both father and physician paused
in awe before breaking the seal.  This read as follows:

Castle Ferenczy
7 March 1928.

Dear C.:-

Hadd a Squad of 20 Militia up to talk about
what the Country Folk say.  Must digg deeper and have
less Hearde.  These Roumanians plague me damnably, being officious
and particular where you cou'd buy a Magyar off with
a Drinke and Food.

Last monthe M.  got me ye Sarcophagus of ye Five Sphinxes
from ye Acropolis where He whome I call'd up say'd it wou'd
be, and I have hadde 3 Talkes with What was therein inhum ' d.
It will go to S.  O.  in Prague directly, and thence
to you.  It is stubborn but you know ye Way with Such.

You shew Wisdom in having lesse about than Before;
for there was no Neede to keep the Guards in Shape and eat'g
off their Heads, and it made Much to be founde in Case
of Trouble, as you too welle knowe.  You can now move
and worke elsewhere with no Kill'g Trouble if needful, tho' I
hope no Thing will soon force you to so Bothersome
a Course.

I rejoice that you traffick not so much with Those
Outside; for there was ever a Mortall Peril in it,
and you are sensible what it did when you ask'd Protection of
One not dispos'd to give it.

You excel me in gett'g ye Formulae so another may
saye them with Success, but Borellus fancy'd it wou'd be
so if just ye right Wordes were hadd.  Does ye Boy use 'em often? I
regret that he growes squeamish, as I fear'd he wou'd when I
hadde him here nigh 15 Monthes, but am sensible you
knowe how to deal with him.  You can't saye him down with ye Formula,
for that will Worke only upon such as ye other Formula hath
call'd up from Saltes; but you still have strong Handes
and Knife and Pistol, and Graves are not harde to digg, nor
Acids loth to burne.

O.  sayes you have promis'd him B.  F.  I must
have him after.  B.  goes to you soone, and may he give you
what you wishe of that Darke Thing belowe Memphis.  Imploy care
in what you calle up, and beware of ye Boy.

It will be ripe in a yeare's time to have up
ye Legions from Underneath, and then there are no Boundes to
what shal be oures.  Have Confidence in what I saye, for
you knowe O.  and I have hadd these 150 yeares more
than you to consulte these Matters in.

Nephreu-Ka nai Hadoth
Edw.  H.

For J Curwen, Esq.
Providence.

But if Willett and Mr.  Ward refrained from shewing this letter to the alienists,
they did not refrain from acting upon it themselves.  No amount of learned
sophistry could controvert the fact that the strangely bearded and spectacled
Dr.  Allen, of whom Charles's frantic letter had spoken as such a monstrous
menace, was in close and sinister correspondence with two inexplicable creatures
whom Ward had visited in his travels and who plainly claimed to be survivals
or avatars of Curwen's old Salem colleagues; that he was regarding himself
as the reincarnation of Joseph Curwen, and that he entertained-or was at
least advised to entertain-murderous designs against a "boy "who could
scarcely be other than Charles Ward.  There was organised horror afoot; and
no matter who had started it, the missing Allen was by this time at the bottom
of it.  Therefore, thanking heaven that Charles was now safe in the hospital,
Mr.  Ward lost no time in engaging detectives to learn all they could of the
cryptic, bearded doctor; finding whence he had come and what Pawtuxet knew
of him, and if possible discovering his present whereabouts.  Supplying the
men with one of the bungalow keys which Charles yielded up, he urged them
to explore Allen's vacant room which had been identified when the patient's
belongings had been packed; obtaining what clues they could from any effects
he might have left about.  Mr.  Ward talked with the detectives in his son's
old library, and they felt a marked relief when they left it at last; for
there seemed to hover about the place a vague aura of evil.  Perhaps it was
what they had heard of the infamous old wizard whose picture had once stared
from the panelled overmantel, and perhaps it was something different and
irrelevant; but in any case they all half sensed an intangible miasma which
centred in that carven vestige of an older dwelling and which at times almost
rose to the intensity of a material emanation.



CHAPTER FIVE

A Nightmare and a Cataclysm


1


And now swiftly followed that hideous experience which has left its indelible
mark of fear on the soul of Marinus Bicknell Willett, and has added a decade
to the visible age of one whose youth was even then far behind.  Dr.  Willett
had conferred at length with Mr.  Ward, and had come to an agreement with
him on several points which both felt the alienists would ridicule.  There
was, they conceded, a terrible movement alive in the world, whose direct
connexion with a necromancy even older than the Salem witchcraft could not
be doubted.  That at least two living men-and one other of whom they dared
not think-were in absolute possession of minds or personalities which had
functioned as early as 1690 or before was likewise almost unassailably proved
even in the face of all known natural laws.  What these horrible creatures
- and Charles Ward as well-were doing or trying to do seemed fairly clear
from their letters and from every bit of light both old and new which had
filtered in upon the case.  They were robbing the tombs of all the ages, including
those of the world's wisest and greatest men, in the hope of recovering from
the bygone ashes some vestige of the consciousness and lore which had once
animated and informed them.

A hideous traffic was going on among these nightmare ghouls, whereby illustrious
bones were bartered with the calm calculativeness of schoolboys swapping
books; and from what was extorted from this centuried dust there was anticipated
a power and a wisdom beyond anything which the cosmos had ever seen concentred
in one man or group.  They had found unholy ways to keep their brains alive,
either in the same body or different bodies; and had evidently achieved a
way of tapping the consciousness of the dead whom they gathered together.
There had, it seems, been some truth in chimerical old Borellus when he wrote
of preparing from even the most antique remains certain "Essential Saltes]]
from which the shade of a long-dead living thing might be raised up.  There
was a formula for evoking such a shade, and another for putting it down;
and it had now been so perfected that it could be taught successfully.  One
must be careful about evocations, for the markers of old graves are not always
accurate.

Willett and Mr.  Ward shivered as they passed from conclusion to conclusion.
Things-presences or voices of some sort-could be drawn down from unknown
places as well as from the grave, and in this process also one must be careful.
Joseph Curwen had indubitably evoked many forbidden things, and as for Charles
- what might one think of him? What forces "outside the spheres" had reached
him from Joseph Curwen's day and turned his mind on forgotten things? He
had been led to find certain directions, and he had used them.  He had talked
with the man of horror in Prague and stayed long with the creature in the
mountains of Transylvania.  And he must have found the grave of Joseph Curwen
at last.  That newspaper item and what his mother had heard in the night were
too significant to overlook.  Then he had summoned something, and it must
have come.  That mighty voice aloft on Good Friday, and those different
tones in the locked attic laboratory.  What were they like, with their depth
and hollowness? Was there not here some awful foreshadowing of the dreaded
stranger Dr.  Allen with his spectral bass? Yes, that was what Mr.
Ward had felt with vague horror in his single talk with the man-if man
it were-over the telephone!

What hellish consciousness or voice, what morbid shade or presence, had come
to answer Charles Ward's secret rites behind that locked door? Those voices
heard in argument-[[must have it red for three months]]-Good God! Was not
that just before the vampirism broke out? The rifling of Ezra Weeden's ancient
grave, and the cries later at Pawtuxet-whose mind had planned the vengeance
and rediscovered the shunned seat of elder blasphemies? And then the bungalow
and the bearded stranger, and the gossip, and the fear.  The final madness
of Charles neither father nor doctor could attempt to explain, but they did
feel sure that the mind of Joseph Curwen had come to earth again and was
following its ancient morbidities.  Was daemoniac possession in truth a
possibility? Allen had something to do with it, and the detectives must find
out more about one whose existence menaced the young man's life.  In the meantime,
since the existence of some vast crypt beneath the bungalow seemed virtually
beyond dispute, some effort must be made to find it.  Willett and Mr.  Ward,
conscious of the sceptical attitude of the alienists, resolved during their
final conference to undertake a joint secret exploration of unparalleled
thoroughness; and agreed to meet at the bungalow on the following morning
with valises and with certain tools and accessories suited to architectural
search and underground exploration.

The morning of April 6th dawned clear, and both explorers were at the bungalow
by ten o ' clock.  Mr.  Ward had the key, and an entry and cursory survey were
made.  From the disordered condition of Dr.  Allen's room it was obvious that
the detectives had been there before, and the later searchers hoped that
they had found some clue which might prove of value.  Of course the main business
lay in the cellar; so thither they descended without much delay, again making
the circuit which each had vainly made before in the presence of the mad
young owner.  For a time everything seemed baffling, each inch of the earthen
floor and stone walls having so solid and innocuous an aspect that the thought
of a yearning aperture was scarcely to be entertained.  Willett reflected
that since the original cellar was dug without knowledge of any catacombs
beneath, the beginning of the passage would represent the strictly modern
delving of young Ward and his associates, where they had probed for the ancient
vaults whose rumour could have reached them by no wholesome means.

The doctor tried to put himself in Charles's place to see how a delver would
be likely to start, but could not gain much inspiration from this method.
Then he decided on elimination as a policy, and went carefully over the whole
subterranean surface both vertical and horizontal, trying to account for
every inch separately.  He was soon substantially narrowed down, and at last
had nothing left but the small platform before the washtubs, which he tried
once before in vain.  Now experimenting in every possible way, and exerting
a double strength, he finally found that the top did indeed turn and slide
horizontally on a corner pivot.  Beneath it lay a trim concrete surface with
an iron manhole, to which Mr.  Ward at once rushed with excited zeal.  The
cover was not hard to lift, and the father had quite removed it when Willett
noticed the queerness of his aspect.  He was swaying and nodding dizzily,
and in the gust of noxious air which swept up from the black pit beneath
the doctor soon recognised ample cause.

In a moment Dr.  Willett had his fainting companion on the floor above and
was reviving him with cold water.  Mr.  Ward responded feebly, but it could
be seen that the mephitic blast from the crypt had in some way gravely sickened
him.  Wishing to take no chances, Willett hastened out to Broad Street for
a taxicab and had soon dispatched the sufferer home despite his weak-voiced
protests; after which he produced an electric torch, covered his nostrils
with a band of sterile gauze, and descended once more to peer into the new-found
depths.  The foul air had now slightly abated, and Willett was able to send
a beam of light down the Stygian hold.  For about ten feet, he saw, it was
a sheer cylindrical drop with concrete walls and an iron ladder; after which
the hole appeared to strike a flight of old stone steps which must originally
have emerged to earth somewhat southwest of the present building.


2


Willett freely admits that for a moment the memory of the old Curwen legends
kept him from climbing down alone into that malodorous gulf.  He could not
help thinking of what Like Fenner had reported on that last monstrous night.
Then duty asserted itself and he made the plunge, carrying a great valise
for the removal of whatever papers might prove of supreme importance.  Slowly,
as befitted one of his years, he descended the ladder and reached the slimy
steps below.  This was ancient masonry, his torch told him; and upon the dripping
walls he saw the unwholesome moss of centuries.  Down, down, ran the steps;
not spirally, but in three abrupt turns; and with such narrowness that two
men could have passed only with difficulty.  He had counted about thirty when
a sound reached him very faintly; and after that he did not feel disposed
to count any more.

It was a godless sound; one of those low-keyed, insidious outrages of Nature
which are not meant to be.  To call it a dull wail, a doom-dragged whine,
or a hopeless howl of chorused anguish and stricken flesh without mind would
be to miss its quintessential loathsomeness and soul-sickening overtones.
Was it for this that Ward had seemed to listen on that day he was removed?
It was the most shocking thing that Willett had ever heard, and it continued
from no determinate point as the doctor reached the bottom of the steps and
cast his torchlight around on lofty corridor walls surmounted by Cyclopean
vaulting and pierced by numberless black archways.  The hall in which he stood
was perhaps fourteen feet high in the middle of the vaulting and ten or twelve
feet broad.  Its pavement was of large chipped flagstone, and its walls and
roof were of dressed masonry.  Its length he could not imagine, for it stretched
ahead indefinitely into the blackness.  Of the archways, some had doors of
the old six-panelled colonial type, whilst others had none.

Overcoming the dread induced by the smell and the howling, Willett began
to explore these archways one by one; finding beyond them rooms with groined
stone ceilings, each of medium size and apparently of bizarre used.  Most
of them had fireplaces, the upper courses of whose chimneys would have formed
an interesting study in engineering.  Never before or since had he seen such
instruments or suggestions of instruments as here loomed up on every hand
through the burying dust and cobwebs of a century and a half, in many cases
evidently shattered as if by the ancient raiders.  For many of the chambers
seemed wholly untrodden by modern feet, and must have represented the earliest
and most obsolete phases of Joseph Curwen's experimentation.  Finally there
came a room of obvious modernity, or at least of recent occupancy.  There
were oil heaters, bookshelves and tables, chairs and cabinets, and a desk
piled high with papers of varying antiquity and contemporaneousness.  Candlesticks
and oil lamps stood about in several places; and finding a match-safe handy,
Willett lighted such as were ready for use.

In the fuller gleam it appeared that this apartment was nothing less than
the latest study or library of Charles Ward.  Of the books the doctor had
seen many before, and a good part of the furniture had plainly come from
the Prospect Street mansion.  Here and there was a piece well known to Willett,
and the sense of familiarity became so great that he half forgot the noisomness
and the wailing, both of which were plainer here than they had been at the
foot of the steps.  His first duty, as planned long ahead, was to find and
seize any papers which might seem of vital importance; especially those
portentous documents found by Charles so long ago behind the picture in Olney
Court.  As he search he perceived how stupendous a task the final unravelling
would be; for file on file was stuffed with papers in curious hands and bearing
curious designs, so that months or even years might be needed for a thorough
deciphering and editing.  Once he found three large packets of letters with
Prague and Rakus postmarks, and in writing clearly recognisable as Orne's
and Hutchinson ' s; all of which he took with him as part of the bundle to
be removed in his valise.

At last, in a locked mahogany cabinet once gracing the Ward home, Willett
found the batch of old Curwen papers; recognising them from the reluctant
glimpse Charles had granted him so many years ago.  The youth had evidently
kept them together very much as they had been when first he found them, since
all the titles recalled by the workmen were present except the papers addressed
to Orne and Hutchinson, and the cipher with its key.  Willett placed the entire
lot in his valise and continued his examination of the files.  Since young
Ward's immediate condition was the greatest matter at stake, the closest
searching was done among the most obviously recent matter; and in this abundance
of contemporary manuscript one very baffling oddity was noted.  The oddity
was the slight amount in Charles's normal writing, which indeed included
nothing more recent than two months before.  On the other hand, there were
literally reams of symbols and formulae, historical notes and philosophical
comment, in a crabbed penmanship absolutely identical with the ancient script
of Joseph Curwen, though of undeniably modern dating.  Plainly, a part of
the latter-day programme had been a sedulous imitation of the old wizard's
writing, which Charles seemed to have carried to a marvellous state of
perfection.  Of any third hand which might have been Allen's there was not
a trace.  If he had indeed come to be the leader, he must have forced young
Ward to act as his amanuensis.

In this new material one mystic formula, or rather pair of formulae, recurred
so often that Willett had it by heart before he had half finished his quest.
It consisted of two parallel columns, the left-hand one surmounted by the
archaic symbol called "Dragon ' s Head" and used in almanacs to indicate the
ascending node, and the right-hand one headed by a corresponding sign of
[[Dragon ' s Tail" or descending node.  The appearance of the whole was something
like this, and almost unconsciously the doctor realised that the second half
was no more than the first written syllabically backward with the exception
of the final monosyllables and of the odd name Yog-Sothoth, which
he had come to recognise under various spellings from other things he had
seen in connexion with this horrible matter.  The formulae were as follows
- exactly so, as Willett is abundantly able to testify-and the first
one struck an odd note of uncomfortable latent memory in his brain, which
he recognised later when reviewing the events of that horrible Good Friday
of the previous year.


Y'AI 'NG 'NGAH,
YOG-SOTHOTH
H ' EE-L ' GEB
F'AI THRODOG
UAAAH
OGTHROD AI'F
GEB ' L-EE ' H
YOG-SOTHOTH
'NGAH 'NG AI'Y
ZHRO


So haunting were these formulae, and so frequently did he come upon them,
that before the doctor knew it he was repeating them under his breath.
Eventually, however, he felt he had secured all the papers he could digest
to advantage for the present; hence resolved to examine no more till he could
bring the sceptical alienists en masse for an ampler and more systematic
raid.  He had still to find the hidden laboratory, so leaving his valise in
the lighted room he emerged again into the black noisome corridor whose vaulting
echoed ceaseless with that dull and hideous whine.

The next few rooms he tried were all abandoned, or filled only with crumbling
boxes and ominous-looking leaden coffins; but impressed him deeply with the
magnitude of Joseph Curwen's original operations.  He thought of the slaves
and seamen who had disappeared, of the graves which had been violated in
every part of the world, and of what that final raiding party must have seen;
and then he decided it was better not to think any more.  Once a great stone
staircase mounted at his right, and he deduced that this must have reached
to one of the Curwen outbuildings-perhaps the famous stone edifice with
the high slit-like windows-provided the steps he had descended had led
from the steep-roofed farmhouse.  Suddenly the walls seemed to fall away ahead,
and the stench and the wailing grew stronger.  Willett saw that he had come
upon a vast open space, so great that his torchlight would not carry across
it; and as he advanced he encountered occasional stout pillars supporting
the arches of the roof.

After a time he reached a circle of pillars grouped like the monoliths of
Stonehenge, with a large carved altar on a base of three steps in the centre;
and so curious were the carvings on that altar that he approached to study
them with his electric light.  But when he saw what they were he shrank away
shuddering, and did not stop to investigate the dark stains which discoloured
the upper surface and had spread down the sides in occasional thin lines.
Instead, he found the distant wall and traced it as it swept round in a gigantic
circle perforated by occasional black doorways and indented by a myriad of
shallow cells with iron gratings and wrist and ankle bonds on chains fastened
to the stone of the concave rear masonry.  These cells were empty, but still
the horrible odour and the dismal moaning continued, more insistent now than
ever, and seemingly varied at time by a sort of slippery thumping.


3


From that frightful smell and that uncanny noise Willett's attention could
no longer be diverted.  Both were plainer and more hideous in the great pillared
hall than anywhere else, and carried a vague impression of being far below,
even in this dark nether world of subterrene mystery.  Before trying any of
the black archways for steps leading further down, the doctor cast his beam
of light about the stone-flagged floor.  It was very loosely paved, and at
irregular intervals there would occur a slab curiously pierced by small holes
in no definite arrangement, while at one point there lay a very long ladder
carelessly flung down.  To this ladder, singularly enough, appeared to cling
a particularly large amount of the frightful odour which encompassed everything.
As he walked slowly about it suddenly occurred to Willett that both the noise
and the odour seemed strongest above the oddly pierced slabs, as if they
might be crude trap-doors leading down to some still deeper region of horror.
Kneeling by one, he worked at it with his hands, and found that with extreme
difficulty he could budge it.  At his touch the moaning beneath ascended to
a louder key, and only with vast trepidation did he persevere in the lifting
of the heavy stone.  A stench unnameable now rose up from below, and the doctor's
head reeled dizzily as he laid back the slab and turned his torch upon the
exposed square yard of gaping blackness.

If he had expected a flight of steps to some wide gulf of ultimate abomination,
Willett was destined to be disappointed; for amidst that foetor and cracked
whining he discerned only the brick-faced top of a cylindrical well perhaps
a yard and a half in diameter and devoid of any ladder or other means of
descent.  As the light shone down, the wailing changed suddenly to a series
of horrible yelps; in conjunction with which there came again that sound
of blind, futile scrambling and slippery thumping.  The explorer trembled,
unwilling even to imagine what noxious thing might be lurking in that abyss,
but in a moment mustered up the courage to peer over the rough-hewn brink;
lying at full length and holding the torch downward at arm's length to see
what might lie below.  For a second he could distinguish nothing but the slimy,
moss-grown brick walls sinking illimitably into that half-tangible miasma
of murk and foulness and anguished frenzy; and then he saw that something
dark was leaping clumsily and frantically up and down at the bottom of the
narrow shaft, which must have been from twenty to twenty-five feet below
the stone floor where he lay.  The torch shook in his hand, but he looked
again to see what manner of living creature might be immured there in the
darkness of that unnatural well; left starving by young Ward through all
the long month since the doctors had taken him away, and clearly only one
of a vast number prisoned in the kindred wells whose pierced stone covers
so thickly studded the floor of the great vaulted cavern.  Whatever the things
were, they could not lie down in their cramped spaces; but must have crouched
and whined and waited and feebly leaped all those hideous weeks since their
master had abandoned them unheeded.

But Marinus Bicknell Willett was sorry that he looked again; for surgeon
and veteran of the dissecting-room though he was, he has not been the same
since.  It is hard to explain just how a single sight of a tangible object
with measurable dimensions could so shake and change a man; and we may only
say that there is about certain outlines and entities a power of symbolism
and suggestion which acts frightfully on a sensitive thinker's perspective
and whispers terrible hints of obscure cosmic relationships and unnameable
realities behind the protective illusions of common vision.  In that second
look Willett saw such an outline or entity, for during the next few instants
he was undoubtedly as stark raving mad as any inmate of Dr.  Waite's private
hospital.  He dropped the electric torch from a hand drained of muscular power
or nervous cordination, nor heeded the sound of crunching teeth which
told of its fate at the bottom of the pit.  He screamed and screamed and screamed
in a voice whose falsetto panic no acquaintance of his would ever have
recognised; and though he could not rise to his feet he crawled and rolled
desperately away from the damp pavement where dozens of Tartarean wells poured
forth their exhausted whining and yelping to answer his own insane cries.
He tore his hands on the rough, loose stones, and many times bruised his
head against the frequent pillars, but still he kept on.  Then at last he
slowly came to himself in the utter blackness and stench, and stopped his
ears against the droning wail into which the burst of yelping had subsided.
He was drenched with perspiration and without means of producing a light;
stricken and unnerved in the abysmal blackness and horror, and crushed with
a memory he never could efface.  Beneath him dozens of those things still
lived, and from one of those shafts the cover was removed.  He knew that what
he had seen could never climb up the slippery walls, yet shuddered at the
thought that some obscure foot-hold might exist.

What the thing was, he would never tell.  It was like some of the carvings
on the hellish altar, but it was alive.  Nature had never made it in this
form, for it was too palpably unfinished.  The deficiencies were of
the most surprising sort, and the abnormalities of proportion could not be
described.  Willett consents only to say that this type of thing must have
represented entities which Ward called up from imperfect salts, and
which he kept for servile or ritualistic purposes.  If it had not had a certain
significance, its image would not have been carved on that damnable stone.
It was not the worst thing depicted on that stone-but Willett never opened
the other pits.  At the time, the first connected idea in his mind was an
idle paragraph from some of the old Curwen data he had digested long before;
a phrase used by Simon or Jedediah Orne in that portentous confiscated letter
to the bygone sorcerer:

'Certainely, there was Noth'g but ye liveliest Awfulness
in that which H.  rais'd upp from What he cou'd gather
onlie a part of.'

Then, horribly supplementing rather than displacing this image, there came
a recollection of those ancient lingering rumours anent the burned, twisted
thing found in the fields a week after the Curwen raid.  Charles Ward had
once told the doctor what old Slocum said of that object; that it was neither
thoroughly human, nor wholly allied to any animal which Pawtuxet folk had
ever seen or read about.

These words hummed in the doctor's mind as he rocked to and fro, squatting
on the nitrous stone floor.  He tried to drive them out, and repeated the
Lord's Prayer to himself; eventually trailing off into a mnemonic hodge-podge
like the modernistic Waste Land of Mr.  T.  S.  Eliot, and finally reverting
to the oft-repeated dual formula he had lately found in Ward's underground
library: 'Y 'ai 'ng 'ngah, Yog-Sothoth' and so on till the final underlined
Zhro.

It seemed to soothe him, and he staggered to his feet after a time; lamenting
bitterly his fright-lost torch and looking wildly about for any gleam of
light in the clutching inkiness of the chilly air.  Think he would not; but
he strained his eyes in every direction for some faint glint or reflection
of the bright illumination he had left in the library.  After a while he thought
he detected a suspicion of a glow infinitely far away, and toward this he
crawled in agonised caution on hands and knees amidst the stench and howling,
always feeling ahead lest he collide with the numerous great pillars or stumble
into the abominable pit he had uncovered.

Once his shaking fingers touched something which he knew must be the steps
leading to the hellish altar, and from this spot he recoiled in loathing.
At another time he encountered the pierced slab he had removed, and here
his caution became almost pitiful.  But he did not come upon the dread aperture
after all, nor did anything issue from that aperture to detain him.  What
had been down there made no sound nor stir.  Evidently its crunching of the
fallen electric torch had not been good for it.  Each time Willett's fingers
felt a perforated slab he trembled.  His passage over it would sometimes increase
the groaning below, but generally it would produce no effect at all, since
he moved very noiselessly.  Several times during his progress the glow ahead
diminished perceptibly, and he realised that the various candles and lamps
he had left must be expiring one by one.  The thought of being lost in utter
darkness without matches amidst this underground world of nightmare labyrinths
impelled him to rise to his feet and run, which he could safely do now that
he had passed the open pit; for he knew that once the light failed, his only
hope of rescue and survival would lie in whatever relief party Mr.  Ward might
send after missing him for a sufficient period.  Presently, however, he emerged
from the open space into the narrower corridor and definitely located the
glow as coming from a door on his right.  In a moment he had reached it and
was standing once more in young Ward's secret library, trembling with relief,
and watching the sputterings of that last lamp which had brought him to safety.


4


In another moment he was hastily filling the burned-out lamps from an oil
supply he had previously noticed, and when the room was bright again he looked
about to see if he might find a lantern for further exploration.  For racked
though he was with horror, his sense of grim purpose was still uppermost;
and he was firmly determined to leave no stone unturned in his search for
the hideous facts behind Charles Ward's bizarre madness.  Failing to find
a lantern, he chose the smallest of the lamps to carry; also filling his
pockets with candles and matches, and taking with him a gallon can of oil,
which he proposed to keep for reserve use in whatever hidden laboratory he
might uncover beyond the terrible open space with its unclean altar and nameless
covered wells.  To traverse that space again would require his utmost fortitude,
but he knew it must be done.  Fortunately neither the frightful altar nor
the opened shaft was near the vast cell-indented wall which bounded the cavern
area, and whose black mysterious archways would form the next goals of a
logical search.

So Willett went back to that great pillared hall of stench and anguished
howling; turning down his lamp to avoid any distant glimpse of the hellish
altar, or of the uncovered pit with the pierced stone slab beside it.  Most
of the black doorways led merely to small chambers, some vacant and some
evidently used as storerooms; and in several of the latter he saw some very
curious accumulations of various objects.  One was packed with rotting and
dust-draped bales of spare clothing, and the explorer thrilled when he saw
that it was unmistakably the clothing of a century and a half before.  In
another room he found numerous odds and ends of modern clothing, as if gradual
provisions were being made to equip a large body of men.  But what he disliked
most of all were the huge copper vats which occasionally appeared; these,
and the sinister incrustations upon them.  He liked them even less than the
weirdly figured leaden bowls whose rims retained such obnoxious deposits
and around which clung repellent odours perceptible above even the general
noisomness of the crypt.  When he had completed about half the entire circuit
of the wall he found another corridor like that from which he had come, and
out of which many doors opened.  This he proceeded to investigate; and after
entering three rooms of medium size and of no significant contents, he came
at last to a large oblong apartment whose business-like tanks and tables,
furnaces and modern instruments, occasional books and endless shelves of
jars and bottles proclaimed it indeed the long-sought laboratory of Charles
Ward-and no doubt of old Joseph Curwen before him.

After lighting the three lamps which he found filled and ready, Dr.  Willett
examined the place and all the appurtenances with the keenest interest; noting
from the relative quantities of various reagents on the shelves that young
Ward's dominant concern must have been with some branch of organic chemistry.
On the whole, little could be learned from the scientific ensemble, which
included a gruesome-looking dissecting-table; so that the room was really
rather a disappointment.  Among the books was a tattered old copy of Borellus
in black-letter, and it was weirdly interesting to note that Ward had underlined
the same passage whose marking had so perturbed good Mr.  Merritt in Curwen's
farmhouse more than a century and half before.  That old copy, of course,
must have perished along with the rest of Curwen's occult library in the
final raid.  Three archways opened off the laboratory, and these the doctor
proceeded to sample in turn.  From his cursory survey he saw that two led
merely to small storerooms; but these he canvassed with care, remarking the
piles of coffins in various stages of damage and shuddering violently at
two or three of the few coffin-plates he could decipher.  There was much clothing
also stored in these rooms, and several new and tightly nailed boxes which
he did not stop to investigate.  Most interesting of all, perhaps, were some
odd bits which he judged to be fragments of old Joseph Curwen's laboratory
appliances.  These had suffered damage at the hands of the raiders, but were
still partly recognisable as the chemical paraphernalia of the Georgian period.

The third archway led to a very sizeable chamber entirely lined with shelves
and having in the centre a table bearing two lamps.  These lamps Willett lighted,
and in their brilliant glow studied the endless shelving which surrounded
him.  Some of the upper levels were wholly vacant, but most of the space was
filled with small odd-looking leaden jars of two general types; one tall
and without handles like a Grecian lekythos or oil-jug, and the other with
a single handle and proportioned like a Phaleron jug.  All had metal stoppers,
and were covered with peculiar-looking symbols moulded in low relief.  In
a moment the doctor noticed that these jugs were classified with great rigidity;
all the lekythoi being on one side of the room with a large wooden sign reading
'Custodes 'above them, and all the Phalerons on the other, correspondingly
labelled with a sign reading 'Materia '.

Each of the jars of jugs, except some on the upper shelves that turned out
to be vacant, bore a cardboard tag with a number apparently referring to
a catalogue; and Willett resolved to look for the latter presently.  For the
moment, however, he was more interested in the nature of the array as a whole,
and experimentally opened several of the lekythoi and Phalerons at random
with a view to a rough generalisation.  The result was invariable.  Both types
of jar contained a small quantity of a single kind of substance; a fine dusty
powder of very light weight and of many shades of dull, neutral colour.  To
the colours which formed the only point of variation there was no apparent
method of disposal; and no distinction between what occurred in the lekythoi
and what occurred in the Phalerons.  A bluish-grey powder might be by the
side of a pinkish-white one, and any one in a Phaleron might have its exact
counterpart in a lekythos.  The most individual feature about the powders
was their non-adhesiveness.  Willett would pour one into his hand, and upon
returning it to its jug would find that no residue whatever remained on his
palm.

The meaning of the two signs puzzled him, and he wondered why this battery
of chemicals was separated so radically from those in glass jars on the shelves
of the laboratory proper.  "Custodes ", "Materia "; that was the Latin for "Guards "
and "Materials ", respectively-and then there came a flash of memory as
to where he had seen that word "Guards "before in connexion with this dreadful
mystery.  It was, of course, in the recent letter to Dr.  Allen purporting
to be from old Edwin Hutchinson; and the phrase had read: 'There was no Neede
to keep the Guards in Shape and eat'g off their Heads,
and it made Much to be founde in Case of Trouble, as you
too welle knowe.' What did this signify? But wait-was there not still
another reference to "guards "in this matter which he had failed wholly
to recall when reading the Hutchinson letter? Back in the old non-secretive
days Ward had told him of the Eleazar Smith diary recording the spying of
Smith and Weeden on the Curwen farm, and in that dreadful chronicle there
had been a mention of conversations overheard before the old wizard betook
himself wholly beneath the earth.  There had been, Smith and Weeden insisted,
terrible colloquies wherein figured Curwen, certain captives of his, and
the guards of those captives.  Those guards, according to Hutchinson or
his avatar, had "eaten their heads off ", so that now Dr.  Allen did not keep
them in shape.  And if not in shape, how save as the "salts "
to which it appears this wizard band was engaged in reducing as many human
bodies or skeletons as they could?

So that was what these lekythoi contained; the monstrous fruit of
unhallowed rites and deeds, presumably won or cowed to such submission as
to help, when called up by some hellish incantation, in the defence of their
blasphemous master or the questioning of those who were not so willing? Willett
shuddered at the thought of what he had been pouring in and out of his hands,
and for a moment felt an impulse to flee in panic from that cavern of hideous
shelves with their silent and perhaps watching sentinels.  Then he thought
of the "Materia "-in the myriad Phaleron jugs on the other side of the room.
Salts too-and if not the salts of "guards ", then the salts of what? God!
Could it be possible that here lay the mortal relics of half the titan thinkers
of all the ages; snatched by supreme ghouls from crypts where the world thought
them safe, and subject to the beck and call of madmen who sought to drain
their knowledge for some still wilder end whose ultimate effect would concern,
as poor Charles had hinted in his frantic note, "all civilisation, all natural
law, perhaps even the fate of the solar system and the universe "? And Marinus
Bicknell Willett had sifted their dust through his hands!

Then he noticed a small door at the further end of the room, and calmed himself
enough to approach it and examine the crude sign chiselled above.  It was
only a symbol, but it filled him with vague spiritual dread; for a morbid,
dreaming friend of his had once drawn it on paper and told him a few of the
things it means in the dark abyss of sleep.  It was the sign of Koth, that
dreamers see fixed above the archway of a certain black tower standing alone
in twilight-and Willett did not like what his friend Randolph Carter had
said of its powers.  But a moment later he forgot the sign as he recognised
a new acrid odour in the stench-filled air.  This was a chemical rather than
animal smell, and came clearly from the room beyond the door.  And it was,
unmistakably, the same odour which had saturated Charles Ward's clothing
on the day the doctors had taken him away.  So it was here that the youth
had been interrupted by the final summons? He was wiser that old Joseph Curwen,
for he had not resisted.  Willett, boldly determined to penetrate every wonder
and nightmare this nether realm might contain, seized the small lamp and
crossed the threshold.  A wave of nameless fright rolled out to meet him,
but he yielded to no whim and deferred to no intuition.  There was nothing
alive here to harm him, and he would not be stayed in his piercing of the
eldritch cloud which engulfed his patient.

The room beyond the door was of medium size, and had no furniture save a
table, a single chair, and two groups of curious machines with clamps and
wheels, which Willett recognised after a moment as mediaeval instruments
of torture.  On one side of the door stood a rack of savage whips, above which
were some shelves bearing empty rows of shallow pedestalled cups of lead
shaped like Grecian kylikes.  On the other side was the table; with a powerful
Argand lamp, a pad and pencil, and two of the stoppered lekythoi from the
shelves outside set down at irregular places as if temporarily or in haste.
Willett lighted the lamp and looked carefully at the pad, to see what notes
Ward might have been jotting down when interrupted; but found nothing more
intelligible than the following disjointed fragments in that crabbed Curwen
chirography, which shed no light on the case as a whole:

'B.  dy'd not.  Escap'd into walls and founde Place below.'
'Sawe olde V.  saye ye Sabaoth and learnt yee Way.'
'Rais 'd Yog-Sothoth thrice and was ye nexte Day deliver' d.'
'F.  soughte to wipe out all know'g howe to raise Those from Outside.'

As the strong Argand blaze lit up the entire chamber the doctor saw that
the wall opposite the door, between the two groups of torturing appliances
in the corners, was covered with pegs from which hung a set of shapeless-looking
robes of a rather dismal yellowish-white.  But far more interesting were the
two vacant walls, both of which were thickly covered with mystic symbols
and formulae roughly chiselled in the smooth dressed stone.  The damp floor
also bore marks of carving; and with but little difficulty Willett deciphered
a huge pentagram in the centre, with a plain circle about three feet wide
half way between this and each corner.  In one of these four circles, near
where a yellowish robe had been flung carelessly down, there stood a shallow
kylix of the sort found on the shelves above the whip-rack; and just outside
the periphery was one of the Phaleron jugs from the shelves in the other
room, its tag numbered 118.  This was unstoppered, and proved upon inspection
to be empty; but the explorer saw with a shiver that the kylix was not.  Within
its shallow area, and saved from scattering only by the absence of wind in
this sequestered cavern, lay a small amount of a dry, dull-greenish efflorescent
powder which must have belonged in the jug; and Willett almost reeled at
the implications that came sweeping over him as he correlated little by little
the several elements and antecedents of the scene.  The whips and the instruments
of torture, the dust or salts from the jug of "Materia ", the two lekythoi
from the "Custodes "shelf, the robes, the formulae on the walls, the notes
on the pad, the hints from letters and legends, and the thousand glimpses,
doubts, and suppositions which had come to torment the friends and parents
of Charles Ward-all these engulfed the doctor in a tidal wave of horror
as he looked at that dry greenish powder outspread in the pedestalled leaden
kylix on the floor.

With an effort, however, Willett pulled himself together and began studying
the formulae chiselled on the walls.  From the stained and incrusted letters
it was obvious that they were carved in Joseph Curwen's time, and their text
was such as to be vaguely familiar to one who had read much Curwen material
or delved extensively into the history of magic.  One the doctor clearly
recognised as what Mrs.  Ward heard her son chanting on that ominous Good
Friday a year before, and what an authority had told him was a very terrible
invocation addressed to secret gods outside the normal spheres.  It was not
spelled here exactly as Mrs.  Ward had set it down from memory, nor yet as
the authority had shewn it to him in the forbidden pages of "Eliphas Levi ";
but its identity was unmistakable, and such words as Sabaoth,
Metraton, Almonsin, and Zariatnatmik sent a shudder
of fright through the search who had seen and felt so much of cosmic abomination
just around the corner.

This was on the left-hand wall as one entered the room.  The right-hand wall
was no less thickly inscribed, and Willett felt a start of recognition when
he came up the pair of formulae so frequently occurring in the recent notes
in the library.  They were, roughly speaking, the same; with the ancient symbols
of "Dragon ' s Head" and "Dragon ' s Tail" heading them as in Ward's scribblings.
But the spelling differed quite widely from that of the modern versions,
as if old Curwen had had a different way of recording sound, or as if later
study had evolved more powerful and perfected variants of the invocations
in question.  The doctor tried to reconcile the chiselled version with the
one which still ran persistently in his head, and found it hard to do.  Where
the script he had memorised began "Y ' ai 'ng 'ngah, Yog-Sothoth ", this epigraph
started out as "Aye, engengah, Yogge-Sothotha "; which to his mind would seriously
interfere with the syllabification of the second word.

Ground as the later text was into his consciousness, the discrepancy disturbed
him; and he found himself chanting the first of the formulae aloud in an
effort to square the sound he conceived with the letters he found carved.
Weird and menacing in that abyss of antique blasphemy rang his voice; its
accents keyed to a droning sing-song either through the spell of the past
and the unknown, or through the hellish example of that dull, godless wail
from the pits whose inhuman cadences rose and fell rhythmically in the distance
through the stench and the darkness.

Y'AI 'NG 'NGAH,
YOG-SOTHOTH
H ' EE-L ' GEB
F'AI THRODOG
UAAAH!

But what was this cold wind which had sprung into life at the very outset
of the chant? The lamps were sputtering woefully, and the gloom grew so dense
that the letters on the wall nearly faded from sight.  There was smoke, too,
and an acrid odour which quite drowned out the stench from the far-away wells;
an odour like that he had smelt before, yet infinitely stronger and more
pungent.  He turned from the inscriptions to face the room with its bizarre
contents, and saw that the kylix on the floor, in which the ominous efflorescent
powder had lain, was giving forth a cloud of thick, greenish-black vapour
of surprising volume and opacity.  That powder-Great God! it had come from
the shelf of "Materia "-what was it doing now, and what had started it?
The formula he had been chanting-the first of the pair-Dragon's Head,
ascending node-Blessed Saviour, could it be...

The doctor reeled, and through his head raced wildly disjointed scraps from
all he had seen, heard, and read of the frightful case of Joseph Curwen and
Charles Dexter Ward.  "I say to you againe, doe not call up Any that you can
not put downe...  Have ye Wordes for laying at all times readie, and stopp
not to be sure when there is any Doubte of Whom you have...  3 Talkes with
What was therein inhum'd..." Mercy of Heaven, what is that shape behind
the parting smoke?


5


Marinus Bicknell Willett has not hope that any part of his tale will be believed
except by certain sympathetic friends, hence he has made no attempt to tell
it beyond his most intimate circle.  Only a few outsiders have ever heard
it repeated, and of these the majority laugh and remark that the doctor surely
is getting old.  He has been advised to take a long vacation and to shun future
cases dealing with mental disturbance.  But Mr.  Ward knows that the veteran
physician speaks only a horrible truth.  Did not he himself see the noisome
aperture in the bungalow cellar? Did not Willett send him home overcome and
ill at eleven o'clock that portentous morning? Did he not telephone the doctor
in vain that evening, and again the next day, and had he not driven to the
bungalow itself on that following noon, finding his friend unconscious but
unharmed on one of the beds upstairs? Willett had been breathing stertorously,
and opened his eyes slowly when Mr.  Ward gave him some brandy fetched from
the car.  Then he shuddered and screamed, crying out, 'That beard...  those
eyes...  God, who are you?' A very strange thing to say to a trim, blue-eyed,
clean-shaven gentleman whom he had known from the latter's boyhood.

In the bright noon sunlight the bungalow was unchanged since the previous
morning.  Willett's clothing bore no disarrangement beyond certain smudges
and worn places at the knees, and only a faint acrid odour reminded Mr.  Ward
of what he had smelt on his son that day he was taken to the hospital.  The
doctor's flashlight was missing, but his valise was safely there, as empty
as when he had brought it.  Before indulging in any explanations, and obviously
with great moral effort, Willett staggered dizzily down to the cellar and
tried the fateful platform before the tubs.  It was unyielding.  Crossing to
where he had left his yet unused tool satchel the day before, he obtained
a chisel and began to pry up the stubborn planks one by one.  Underneath the
smooth concrete was still visible, but of any opening or perforation there
was no longer a trace.  Nothing yawned this time to sicken the mystified father
who had followed the doctor downstairs; only the smooth concrete underneath
the planks-no noisome well, no world of subterrene horrors, no secret library,
no Curwen papers, no nightmare pits of stench and howling, no laboratory
or shelves or chiselled formulae, no...  Dr.  Willett turned pale, and clutched
at the younger man.  'Yesterday,'he asked softly, 'did you see it here...
and smell it?' And when Mr.  Ward, himself transfixed with dread and wonder,
found strength to nod an affirmative, the physician gave a sound half a sigh
and half a gasp, and nodded in turn.  'Then I will tell you ', he said.

So for an hour, in the sunniest room they could find upstairs, the physician
whispered his frightful tale to the wondering father.  There was nothing to
relate beyond the looming up of that form when the greenish-black vapour
from the kylix parted, and Willett was too tired to ask himself what had
really occurred.  There were futile, bewildered head-shakings from both men,
and once Mr.  Ward ventured a hushed suggestion, 'Do you suppose it would
be of any use to dig?' The doctor was silent, for it seemed hardly fitting
for any human brain to answer when powers of unknown spheres had so vitally
encroached on this side of the Great Abyss.  Again Mr.  Ward asked, 'But where
did it go? It brought you here, you know, and it sealed up the hole somehow.'
And Willett again let silence answer for him.

But after all, this was not the final phase of the matter.  Reaching for his
handkerchief before rising to leave, Dr.  Willett's fingers closed upon a
piece of paper in his pocket which had not been there before, and which was
companioned by the candles and matches he had seized in the vanished vault.
It was a common sheet, torn obviously from the cheap pad in that fabulous
room of horror somewhere underground, and the writing upon it was that of
an ordinary lead pencil-doubtless the one which had lain beside the pad.
It was folded very carelessly, and beyond the faint acrid scent of the cryptic
chamber bore no print or mark of any world but this.  But in the text itself
it did indeed reek with wonder; for here was no script of any wholesome age,
but the laboured strokes of mediaeval darkness, scarcely legible to the laymen
who now strained over it, yet having combinations of symbols which seemed
vaguely familiar.  The briefly scrawled message was this, and its mystery
lent purpose to the shaken pair, who forthwith walked steadily out to the
Ward car and gave orders to be driven first to a quiet dining place and then
to the John Hay Library on the hill.

At the library it was easy to find good manuals of palaeography, and over
these the two men puzzled till the lights of evening shone out from the great
chandelier.  In the end they found what was needed.  The letters were indeed
no fantastic invention, but the normal script of a very dark period.  They
were the pointed Saxon minuscules of the eighth or ninth century A.  D., and
brought with them memories of an uncouth time when under a fresh Christian
veneer ancient faiths and ancient rites stirred stealthily, and the pale
moon of Britain looked sometimes on strange deeds in the Roman ruins of Caerleon
and Hexham, and by the towers along Hadrian's crumbling wall.  The words were
in such Latin as a barbarous age might remember-'Corvinus necandus est.
Cadaver aq (ua) forti dissolvendum, nec aliq (ui) d retinendum.  Tace ut
potes.'-which may roughly be translated, "Curwen must be killed.  The
body must be dissolved in aqua fortis, nor must anything be retained.  Keep
silence as best you are able."

Willett and Mr.  Ward were mute and baffled.  They had met the unknown, and
found that they lacked emotions to respond to it as they vaguely believed
they ought.  With Willett, especially, the capacity for receiving fresh
impressions of awe was well-nigh exhausted; and both men sat still and helpless
till the closing of the library forced them to leave.  Then they drove listlessly
to the Ward mansion in Prospect Street, and talked to no purpose into the
night.  The doctor rested toward morning, but did not go home.  And he was
still there Sunday noon when a telephone message came from the detectives
who had been assigned to look up Dr.  Allen.

Mr.  Ward, who was pacing nervously about in a dressing-gown, answered the
call in person; and told the men to come up early the next day when he heard
their report was almost ready.  Both Willett and he were glad that this phase
of the matter was taking form, for whatever the origin of the strange minuscule
message, it seemed certain the "Curwen "who must be destroyed could be no
other than the bearded and spectacled stranger.  Charles had feared this man,
and had said in the frantic note that he must be killed and dissolved in
acid.  Allen, moreover, had been receiving letters from the strange wizards
in Europe under the name of Curwen, and palpably regarded himself as an avatar
of the bygone necromancer.  And now from a fresh and unknown source had come
a message saying that "Curwen "must be killed and dissolved in acid.  The
linkage was too unmistakable to be factitious; and besides, was not Allen
planning to murder young Ward upon the advice of the creature called Hutchinson?
Of course, the letter they had seen had never reached the bearded stranger;
but from its text they could see that Allen had already formed plans for
dealing with the youth if he grew too "squeamish".  Without doubt, Allen must
be apprehended; and even if the most drastic directions were not carried
out, he must be placed where he could inflict no harm upon Charles Ward.

That afternoon, hoping against hope to extract some gleam of information
anent the inmost mysteries from the only available one capable of giving
it, the father and the doctor went down the bay and called on young Charles
at the hospital.  Simply and gravely Willett told him all he had found, and
noticed how pale he turned as each description made certain the truth of
the discovery.  The physician employed as much dramatic effect as he could,
and watched for a wincing on Charles's part when he approached the matter
of the covered pits and the nameless hybrids within.  But Ward did not wince.
Willett paused, and his voice grew indignant as he spoke of how the things
were starving.  He taxed the youth with shocking inhumanity, and shivered
when only a sardonic laugh came in reply.  For Charles, having dropped as
useless his pretence that the crypt did not exist, seemed to see some ghastly
jest in this affair; and chucked hoarsely at something which amused him.
Then he whispered, in accents doubly terrible because of the cracked voice
he used, 'Damn 'em, they do eat, but they don't need to! That's
the rare part! A month, you say, without food? Lud, Sir, you be modest! D'ye
know, that was the joke on poor old Whipple with his virtuous bluster! Kill
everything off, would he? Why, damme, he was half-deaf with noise from Outside
and never saw or heard aught from the wells! He never dreamed they were there
at all! Devil take ye, those cursed things have been howling down there
ever since Curwen was done for a hundred and fifty-seven years gone!}

But no more than this could Willett get from the youth.  Horrified, yet almost
convinced against his will, he went on with his tale in the hope that some
incident might startle his auditor out of the mad composure he maintained.
Looking at the youth's face, the doctor could not but feel a kind of terror
at the changes which recent months had wrought.  Truly, the boy had drawn
down nameless horrors from the skies.  When the room with the formulae and
the greenish dust was mentioned, Charles shewed his first sign of animation.
A quizzical look overspread his face as he heard what Willett had read on
the pad, and he ventured the mild statement that those notes were old ones,
of no possible significance to anyone not deeply initiated in the history
of magic.  But, he added, 'had you but known the words to bring up that which
I had out in the cup, you had not been here to tell me this.  'Twas Number
118, and I conceive you would have shook had you looked it up in my list
in t'other room.  'Twas never raised by me, but I meant to have it up that
day you came to invite me hither.'

Then Willett told of the formula he had spoken and of the greenish-black
smoke which had arisen; and as he did so he saw true fear dawn for the first
time on Charles Ward's face.  'It came, and you be here alive?' As
Ward croaked the words his voice seemed almost to burst free of its trammels
and sink to cavernous abysses of uncanny resonance.  Willett, gifted with
a flash of inspiration, believed he saw the situation, and wove into his
reply a caution from a letter he remembered.  'No.  118, you say? But don't
forget that stones are all changed now in nine grounds out of ten.  You
are never sure till you question! 'And then, without warning, he drew
forth the minuscule message and flashed it before the patient's eyes.  He
could have wished no stronger result, for Charles Ward fainted forthwith.

All this conversation, of course, had been conducted with the greatest secrecy
lest the resident alienists accuse the father and the physician of encouraging
a madman in his delusions.  Unaided, too, Dr.  Willett and Mr.  Ward picked
up the stricken youth and placed him on the couch.  In reviving, the patient
mumbled many times of some word which he must get to Orne and Hutchinson
at once; so when his consciousness seemed fully back the doctor told him
that of those strange creatures at least one was his bitter enemy, and had
given Dr.  Allen advice for his assassination.  This revelation produced no
visible effect, and before it was made the visitors could see that their
host had already the look of a hunted man.  After that he would converse no
more, so Willett and the father departed presently; leaving behind a caution
against the bearded Allen, to which the youth only replied that this individual
was very safely taken care of, and could do no one any harm even if he wished.
This was said with an almost evil chuckle very painful to hear.  They did
not worry about any communications Charles might indite to that monstrous
pair in Europe, since they knew that the hospital authorities seized all
outgoing mail for censorship and would pass no wild or outr-looking
missive.

There is, however, a curious sequel to the matter of Orne and Hutchinson,
if such indeed the exiled wizards were.  Moved by some vague presentiment
amidst the horrors of that period, Willett arranged with an international
press-cutting bureau for accounts of notable current crimes and accidents
in Prague and in eastern Transylvania; and after six months believed that
he had found two very significant things amongst the multifarious items he
received and had translated.  One was the total wrecking of a house by night
in the oldest quarter of Prague, and the disappearance of the evil old man
called Josef Nadek, who had dwelt in it alone ever since anyone could remember.
The other was a titan explosion in the Transylvanian mountains east of Rakus,
and the utter extirpation with all its inmates of the ill-regarded Castle
Ferenczy, whose master was so badly spoken of by peasants and soldiery alike
that he would shortly have been summoned to Bucharest for serious questioning
had not this incident cut off a career already so long as to antedate all
common memory.  Willett maintains that the hand which wrote those minuscules
was able to wield stronger weapons as well; and that while Curwen was left
to him to dispose of, the writer felt able to find and deal with Orne and
Hutchinson itself.  If what their fate may have been the doctor strives sedulously
not to think.


6


The following morning Dr.  Willett hastened to the Ward home to be present
when the detectives arrived.  Allen's destruction or imprisonment-or Curwen's
if one might regard the tacit claim to reincarnation as valid-he felt must
be accomplished at any cost, and he communicated this conviction to Mr.  Ward
as they sat waiting for the men to come.  They were downstairs this time,
for the upper parts of the house were beginning to be shunned because of
a particular nauseousness which hung indefinitely about; a nauseousness which
the older servants connected with some curse left by the vanished Curwen
portrait.

At nine o'clock the three detectives presented themselves and immediately
delivered all that they had to say.  They had not, regrettably enough, located
the Brava Tony Gomes as they had wished, nor had they found the least trace
of Dr.  Allen's source or present whereabouts; but they had managed to unearth
a considerable number of local impressions and facts concerning the reticent
stranger.  Allen had struck Pawtuxet people as a vaguely unnatural being,
and there was a universal belief that his thick sandy beard was either dyed
or false-a belief conclusively upheld by the finding of such a false beard,
together with a pair of dark glasses, in his room at the fateful bungalow.
His voice, Mr.  Ward could well testify from his one telephone conversation,
had a depth and hollowness that could not be forgotten; and his glanced seemed
malign even through his smoked and horn-rimmed glasses.  One shopkeeper, in
the course of negotiations, had seen a specimen of his handwriting and declared
it was very queer and crabbed; this being confirmed by pencilled notes of
no clear meaning found in his room and identified by the merchant.  In connexion
with the vampirism rumours of the preceding summer, a majority of the gossips
believed that Allen rather than Ward was the actual vampire.  Statements were
also obtained from the officials who had visited the bungalow after the
unpleasant incident of the motor truck robbery.  They had felt less of the
sinister in Dr.  Allen, but had recognised him as the dominant figure in the
queer shadowy cottage.  The place had been too dark for them to observe him
clearly, but they would know him again if they saw him.  His beard had looked
odd, and they thought he had some slight scar above his dark spectacled right
eye.  As for the detectives' search of Allen's room, it yielded nothing definite
save the beard and glasses, and several pencilled notes in a crabbed writing
which Willett at once saw was identical with that shared by the old Curwen
manuscripts and by the voluminous recent notes of young Ward found in the
vanished catacombs of horror.

Dr.  Willett and Mr.  Ward caught something of a profound, subtle, and insidious
cosmic fear from this data as it was gradually unfolded, and almost trembled
in following up the vague, mad thought which had simultaneously reached their
minds.  The false beard and glasses-the crabbed Curwen penmanship-the
old portrait and its tiny scar-and the altered youth in the hospital
with such a scar-that deep, hollow voice on the telephone-was it
not of this that Mr.  Ward was reminded when his son barked forth those pitiable
tones to which he now claimed to be reduced? Who had ever seen Charles and
Allen together? Yes, the officials had once, but who later on? Was it not
when Allen left that Charles suddenly lost his growing fright and began to
live wholly at the bungalow? Curwen-Allen-Ward-in what blasphemous
and abominable fusion had two ages and two persons become involved? That
damnable resemblance of the picture to Charles-had it not used to stare
and stare, and follow the boy around the room with its eyes? Why, too, did
both Allen and Charles copy Joseph Curwen's handwriting, even when alone
and off guard? And then the frightful work of those people-the lost crypt
of horrors that had aged the doctor overnight; the starving monsters in the
noisome pits; the awful formula which had yielded such nameless results;
the message in minuscules found in Willett's pocket; the papers and the letters
and all the talk of graves and "salts "and discoveries-whither did everything
lead? In the end Mr.  Ward did the most sensible thing.  Steeling himself against
any realisation of why he did it, he gave the detectives an article to be
shewn to such Pawtuxet shopkeepers as had seen the portentous Dr.  Allen.
That article was a photograph of his luckless son, on which he now carefully
drew in ink the pair of heavy glasses and the black pointed beard which the
men had brought from Allen's room.

For two hours he waited with the doctor in the oppressive house where fear
and miasma were slowly gathering as the empty panel in the upstairs library
leered and leered and leered.  Then the men returned.  Yes.  The altered
photograph was a very passable likeness of Dr.  Allen.  Mr.  Ward turned
pale, and Willett wiped a suddenly dampened brow with his handkerchief.  Allen
- Ward-Curwen-it was becoming too hideous for coherent thought.  What
had the boy called out of the void, and what had it done to him? What, really,
had happened from first to last? Who was this Allen who sought to kill Charles
as too "squeamish ", and why had his destined victim said in the postscript
to that frantic letter that he must be so completely obliterated in acid?
Why, too, had the minuscule message, of whose origin no one dared think,
said that "Curwen "must be likewise obliterated? What was the change,
and when had the final stage occurred? That day when his frantic note was
received-he had been nervous all the morning, then there was an alteration.
He had slipped out unseen and swaggered boldly in past the men hired to guard
him.  That was the time, when he was out.  But no-had he not cried out in
terror as he entered his study-this very room? What had he found there?
Or wait-what had found him? That simulacrum which brushed boldly
in without having been seen to go-was that an alien shadow and a horror
forcing itself upon a trembling figure which had never gone out at all? Had
not the butler spoken of queer noises?

Willett rang for the man and asked him some low-toned questions.  It had,
surely enough, been a bad business.  There had been noises-a cry, a gasp,
a choking, and a sort of clattering or creaking or thumping, or all of these.
And Mr.  Charles was not the same when he stalked out without a word.  The
butler shivered as he spoke, and sniffed at the heavy air that blew down
from some open window upstairs.  Terror had settled definitely upon the house,
and only the business-like detectives failed to imbibe a full measure of
it.  Even they were restless, for this case had held vague elements in the
background which pleased them not at all.  Dr.  Willett was thinking deeply
and rapidly, and his thoughts were terrible ones.  Now and then he would almost
break into muttering as he ran over in his head a new, appalling, and
increasingly conclusive chain of nightmare happenings.

Then Mr.  Ward made a sign that the conference was over, and everyone save
him and the doctor left the room.  It was noon now, but shadows as of coming
night seemed to engulf the phantom-haunted mansion.  Willett began talking
very seriously to his host, and urged that he leave a great deal of the future
investigation to him.  There would be, he predicted, certain obnoxious elements
which a friend could bear better than a relative.  As family physician he
must have a free hand, and the first thing he required was a period alone
and undisturbed in the abandoned library upstairs, where the ancient overmantel
had gathered about itself an aura of noisome horror more intense than when
Joseph Curwen's features themselves glanced slyly down from the painted panel.

Mr.  Ward, dazed by the flood of grotesque morbidities and unthinkably maddening
suggestions that poured in upon him from every side, could only acquiesce;
and half an hour later the doctor was locked in the shunned room with the
panelling from Olney Court.  The father, listening outside, heard fumbling
sounds of moving and rummaging as the moments passed; and finally a wrench
and a creak, as if a tight cupboard door were being opened.  Then there was
a muffled cry, a kind of snorting choke, and a hasty slamming of whatever
had been opened.  Almost at once the key rattled and Willett appeared in the
hall, haggard and ghastly, and demanding wood for the real fireplace on the
south wall of the room.  The furnace was not enough, he said; and the electric
log had little practical use.  Longing yet not daring to ask questions, Mr.
Ward gave the requisite orders and a man brought some stout pine logs, shuddering
as he entered the tainted air of the library to place them in the grate.
Willett meanwhile had gone up to the dismantled laboratory and brought down
a few odds and ends not included in the moving of the July before.  They were
in a covered basket, and Mr.  Ward never saw what they were.

Then the doctor locked himself in the library once more, and by the clouds
of smoke which rolled down past the windows from the chimney it was known
that he had lighted the fire.  Later, after a great rustling of newspapers,
that odd wrench and creaking were heard again; followed by a thumping which
none of the eavesdroppers liked.  Thereafter two suppressed cries of Willett's
were heard, and hard upon these came a swishing rustle of indefinable
hatefulness.  Finally the smoke that the wind beat down from the chimney grew
very dark and acrid, and everyone wished that the weather had spared them
this choking and venomous inundation of peculiar fumes.  Mr.  Ward's head reeled,
and the servants all clustered together in a knot to watch the horrible black
smoke swoop down.  After an age of waiting the vapours seemed to lighted,
and half-formless sounds of scraping, sweeping, and other minor operations
were heard behind the bolted door.  And at last, after the slamming of some
cupboard within, Willett made his appearance-sad, pale, and haggard, and
bearing the cloth-draped basket he had taken from the upstairs laboratory.
He had left the window open, and into that once accursed room was pouring
a wealth of pure, wholesome air to mix with a queer new smell of disinfectants.
The ancient overmantel still lingered; but it seemed robbed of malignity
now, and rose as calm and stately in its white panelling as if it had never
borne the picture of Joseph Curwen.  Night was coming on, yet this time its
shadows held no latent fright, but only a gentle melancholy.  Of what he had
done the doctor would never speak.  To Mr.  Ward he said, 'I can answer no
questions, but I will say that there are different kinds of magic.  I have
made a great purgation, and those in this house will sleep the better for
it.'

7


That Dr.  Willett's "purgation "had been an ordeal almost as nerve-racking
in its way as his hideous wandering in the vanished crypt is shewn by the
fact that the elderly physician gave out completely as soon as he reached
home that evening.  For three days he rested constantly in his room, though
servants later muttered something about having heard him after midnight on
Wednesday, when the outer door softly opened and closed with phenomenal softness.
Servants' imaginations, fortunately, are limited, else comment might have
been excited by an item in Thursday's Evening Bulletin which ran as
follows:

North End Ghouls Again Active

After a lull of ten months since the dastardly vandalism in the Weeden
lot at the North Burial Ground, a nocturnal prowler was glimpsed early this
morning in the same cemetery by Robert Hart, the night watchman.  Happening
to glance for a moment from his shelter at about 2 a.  m., Hart observed the
glow of a lantern or pocket torch not far to the northwest, and upon opening
the door detected the figure of a man with a trowel very plainly silhouetted
against a nearby electric light.  At once starting in pursuit, he saw the
figure dart hurriedly toward the main entrance, gaining the street and losing
himself among the shadows before approach or capture was possible.

Like the first of the ghouls active during the past year, this intruder had
done no real damage before detection.  A vacant part of the Ward lot shewed
signs of a little superficial digging, but nothing even nearly the size of
a grave had been attempted, and no previous grave had been disturbed.

Hart, who cannot describe the prowler except as a small man probably having
a full beard, inclines to the view that all three of the digging incidents
have a common source; but police from the Second Station think otherwise
on account of the savage nature of teh second incident, where an ancient
coffin was removed and its headstone violently shattered.

The first of the incidents, in which it is thought an attempt to bury something
was frustrated, occurred a year ago last March, and has been attributed to
bootleggers seeking a cache.  It is possible, says Sergt.  Riley, that this
third affair is of similar nature.  Officers at the Second Station are taking
especial pains to capture the gang of miscreants responsible for these repeated
outrages.

All day Thursday Dr.  Willett rested as if recuperating from something past
or nerving himself for something to come.  In the evening he wrote a note
to Mr.  Ward, which was delivered the next morning and which caused the half-dazed
parent to ponder long and deeply.  Mr.  Ward had not been able to go down to
business since the shock of Monday with its baffling reports and its sinister
[[purgation ", but he found something calming about the doctor's letter in
spite of the despair it seemed to promise and the fresh mysteries it seemed
to evoke.

10 Barnes St.,
Providence, R.  I.,

April 12, 1928.

Dear Theodore:-

I feel that I must say a word to you before doing what I am going
to do tomorrow.  It will conclude the terrible business we have been going
through (for I feel that no spade is ever likely to reach that monstrous
place we know of), but I'm afraid it won't set your mind at rest unless I
expressly assure you how very conclusive it is.

You have known me ever since you were a small boy, so I think you
will not distrust me when I hint that some matters are best left undecided
and unexplored.  It is better that you attempt no further speculation as to
Charles's case, and almost imperative that you tell his mother nothing more
than she already suspects.  When I call on you tomorrow Charles will have
escaped.  That is all which need remain in anyone's mind.  He was mad, and
he escaped.  You can tell his mother gently and gradually about the mad part
when you stop sending the typed notes in his name.  I'd advise you to join
her in Atlantic City and take a rest yourself.  God knows you need one after
this shock, as I do myself.  I am going South for a while to calm down and
brace up.

So don't ask me any questions when I call.  It may be that something
will go wrong, but I'll tell you if it does.  I don't think it will.  There
will be nothing more to worry about, for Charles will be very, very safe.
He is now-safer than you dream.  You need hold no fears about Allen, and
who or what he is.  He forms as much a part of the past as Joseph Curwen's
picture, and when I ring your doorbell you may feel certain that there is
no such person.  And what wrote that minuscule message will never trouble
you or yours.

But you must steel yourself to melancholy, and prepare your wife
to do the same.  I must tell you frankly that Charles's escape will not mean
his restoration to you.  He has been afflicted with a peculiar disease, as
you must realise from the subtle physical as well as mental changes in him,
and you must not hope to see him again.  Have only this consolation-that
he was never a fiend or even truly a madman, but only an eager, studious,
and curious boy whose love of mystery and of the past was his undoing.  He
stumbled on things no mortal ought ever to know, and reached back through
the years as no one ever should reach; and something came out of those years
to engulf him.

And now comes the matter in which I must ask you to trust me most
of all.  For there will be, indeed, no uncertainty about Charles's fate.  In
about a year, say, you can if you wish devise a suitable account of the end;
for the boy will be no more.  You can put up a stone in your lot at the North
Burial Ground exactly ten feet west of your father's and facing the same
way, and that will mark the true resting-place of your son.  Nor need you
fear that it will mark any abnormality or changeling.  The ashes in that grave
will be those of your own unaltered bone and sinew-of the real Charles
Dexter Ward whose mind you watched from infancy-the real Charles with the
olive-mark on his hip and without the black witch-mark on his chest or the
pit on his forehead.  The Charles who never did actual evil, and who will
have paid with his life for his "squeamishness".

That is all.  Charles will have escaped, and a year from now you can
put up his stone.  Do not question me tomorrow.  And believe that the honour
of your ancient family remains untainted now, as it has been at all times
in the past.

With profoundest sympathy, and exhortations to fortitude, calmness,
and resignation, I am ever

Sincerely your friend,
Marinus B.  Willett.


So on the morning of Friday, April 13, 1928, Marinus Bicknell Willett visited
the room of Charles Dexter Ward at Dr.  Waite's private hospital on Conanicut
Island.  The youth, though making no attempt to evade his caller, was in a
sullen mood; and seemed disinclined to open the conversation which Willett
obviously desired.  The doctor's discovery of the crypt and his monstrous
experience therein had of course created a new source of embarrassment, so
that both hesitated perceptibly after the interchange of a few strained
formalities.  Then a new element of constraint crept in, as Ward seemed to
read behind the doctor's mask-like face a terrible purpose which had never
been there before.  The patient quailed, conscious that since the last visit
there had been a change whereby the solicitous family physician had given
place to the ruthless and implacable avenger.

Ward actually turned pale, and the doctor was the first to speak.  'More,{
he said, 'has been found out, and I must warn you fairly that a reckoning
is due.'

'Digging again, and coming upon more poor starving pets?' was the ironic
reply.  It was evident that the youth meant to shew bravado to the last.

'No,'Willett slowly rejoined, 'this time I did not have to dig.  We have
had men looking up Dr.  Allen, and they found the false beard and spectacles
in the bungalow.'

'Excellent,'commented the disquieted host in an effort to be wittily insulting,
'and I trust they proved more becoming than the beard and glasses you now
have on!}

'They would become you very well,' came the even and studied response, 'as
indeed they seem to have done.'

As Willett said this, it almost seemed as though a cloud passed over the
sun; though there was no change in the shadows on the floor.  Then Ward ventured:

'And is this what asks so hotly for a reckoning? Suppose a man does find
it now and then useful to be twofold?}

'No ', said Willett gravely, 'again you are wrong.  It is no business of mine
if any man seeks duality; provided he has any right to exist at all, and
provided he does not destroy what called him out of space.'

Ward now started violently.  'Well, Sir, what have ye found, and what
d'ye want of me?}

The doctor let a little time elapse before replying, as if choosing his words
for an effective answer.

'I have found ', he finally intoned, 'something in a cupboard behind an ancient
overmantel where a picture once was, and I have burned it and buried the
ashes where the grave of Charles Dexter Ward ought to be.'

The madman choked and sprang from the chair in which he had been sitting:

'Damn ye, who did ye tell-and who'll believe it was he after these two
full months, with me alive? What d'ye mean to do?}

Willett, though a small man, actually took on a kind of judicial majesty
as he calmed the patient with a gesture.

'I have told no one.  This is no common case-it is a madness out of time
and a horror from beyond the spheres which no police or lawyers or courts
or alienists could ever fathom or grapple with.  Thank God some chance has
left inside me the spark of imagination, that I might not go astray in thinking
out this thing.  You cannot deceive me, Joseph Curwen, for I know that
your accursed magic is true!}

'I know how you wove the spell that brooded outside the years and fastened
on your double and descendant; I know how you drew him into the past and
got him to raise you up from your detestable grave; I know how he kept you
hidden in his laboratory while you studied modern things and roved abroad
as a vampire by night, and how you later shewed yourself in beard and glasses
that no one might wonder at your godless likeness to him; I know what you
resolved to do when he balked at your monstrous rifling of the world's tombs,
and at what you planned afterward, and I know how you did it.'

'You left off your beard and glasses and fooled the guards around the house.
They thought it was he who went in, and they thought it was he who came out
when you had strangled and hidden him.  But you hadn't reckoned on the different
contents of two minds.  You were a fool, Joseph Curwen, to fancy that a mere
visual identity would be enough.  Why didn't you think of the speech and the
voice and the handwriting? It hasn't worked, you see, after all.  You know
better than I who or what wrote that message in minuscules, but I will warn
you it was not written in vain.  There are abominations and blasphemies which
must be stamped out, and I believe that the writer of those words will attend
to Orne and Hutchinson.  One of those creatures wrote you once, "do not call
up any that you can not put down".  You were undone once before, perhaps in
that very way, and it may be that your own evil magic will undo you all again.
Curwen, a man can't tamper with Nature beyond certain limits, and every horror
you have woven will rise up to wipe you out.'

But here the doctor was cut short by a convulsive cry from the creature before
him.  Hopelessly at bay, weaponless, and knowing that any show of physical
violence would bring a score of attendants to the doctor's rescue, Joseph
Curwen had recourse to his one ancient ally, and began a series of cabbalistic
motions with his forefingers as his deep, hollow voice, now unconcealed by
feigned hoarseness, bellowed out the opening words of a terrible formula.


'PER ADONAI ELOIM, ADONAI JEHOVA, ADONAI SABAOTH, METRATON...'


But Willett was too quick for him.  Even as the dogs in the yard outside began
to howl, and even as a chill wind sprang suddenly up from the bay, the doctor
commenced the solemn and measured intonation of that which he had meant all
along to recite.  An eye for an eye-magic for magic-let the outcome shew
how well the lesson of the abyss had been learned! So in a clear voice Marinus
Bicknell Willett began the second of that pair of formulae whose first
had raised the writer of those minuscules-the cryptic invocation whose
heading was the Dragon's Tail, sign of the descending node -

At the very first word from Willett's mouth the previously commenced formula
of the patient stopped short.  Unable to speak, the monster made wild motions
with his arms until they too were arrested.  When the awful name of
Yog-Sothoth was uttered, the hideous change began.  It was not merely
a dissolution, but rather a transformation or
recapitulation; and Willett shut his eyes lest he faint before the
rest of the incantation could be pronounced.

But he did not faint, and that man of unholy centuries and forbidden secrets
never troubled the world again.  The madness out of time had subsided, and
the case of Charles Dexter Ward was closed.  Opening his eyes before staggering
out of that room of horror, Dr.  Willett saw that what he had kept in memory
had not been kept amiss.  There had, as he had predicted, been no need for
acids.  For like his accursed picture a year before, Joseph Curwen now lay
scattered on the floor as a thin coating of fine bluish-grey dust.



I am forced into speech because men of science have refused to follow my advice without knowing why.  It is altogether against my will that I tell my reasons for opposing this contemplated invasion of the antarctic-with its vast fossil hunt and its wholesale boring and melting of the ancient ice caps.  And I am the more reluctant because my warning may be in vain.

Doubt of the real facts, as I must reveal them, is inevitable; yet, if I suppressed what will seem extravagant and incredible, there would be nothing left.  The hitherto withheld photographs, both ordinary and aerial, will count in my favor, for they are damnably vivid and graphic.  Still, they will be doubted because of the great lengths to which clever fakery can be carried.  The ink drawings, of course, will be jeered at as obvious impostures, notwithstanding a strangeness of technique which art experts ought to remark and puzzle over.

In the end I must rely on the judgment and standing of the few scientific leaders who have, on the one hand, sufficient independence of thought to weigh my data on its own hideously convincing merits or in the light of certain primordial and highly baffling myth cycles; and on the other hand, sufficient influence to deter the exploring world in general from any rash and over-ambitious program in the region of those mountains of madness.  It is an unfortunate fact that relatively obscure men like myself and my associates, connected only with a small university, have little chance of making an impression where matters of a wildly bizarre or highly controversial nature are concerned.

It is further against us that we are not, in the strictest sense, specialists in the fields which came primarily to be concerned.  As a ge ologist, my object in leading the Miskatonic University Expedition was wholly that of securing deep-level specimens of rock and soil from various parts of the antarctic continent, aided by the remarkable drill devised by Professor Frank H.  Pabodie of our engineering department.  I had no wish to be a pioneer in any other field than this, but I did hope that the use of this new mechanical appliance at different points along previously explored paths would bring to light materials of a sort hitherto unreached by the ordinary methods of collection.

Pabodie ’ s drilling apparatus, as the public already knows from our reports, was unique and radical in its lightness, portability, and capacity to combine the ordinary artesian drill principle with the principle of the small circular rock drill in such a way as to cope quickly with strata of varying hardness.  Steel head, jointed rods, gasoline motor, collapsible wooden derrick, dynamiting paraphernalia, cording, rubbish-removal auger, and sectional piping for bores five inches wide and up to one thousand feet deep all formed, with needed accessories, no greater load than three seven-dog sledges could carry.  This was made possible by the clever aluminum alloy of which most of the metal objects were fashioned.  Four large Dornier aeroplanes, designed especially for the tremendous altitude flying necessary on the antarctic plateau and with added fuel-warming and quick-starting devices worked out by Pabodie, could transport our entire expedition from a base at the edge of the great ice barrier to various suitable inland points, and from these points a sufficient quota of dogs would serve us.

We planned to cover as great an area as one antarctic season-or longer, if absolutely necessary-would permit, operating mostly in the mountain ranges and on the plateau south of Ross Sea; regions explored in varying degree by Shackleton, Amundsen, Scott, and Byrd.  With frequent changes of camp, made by aeroplane and involving distances great enough to be of geological significance, we expected to unearth a quite unprecedented amount of material-especially in the pre-Cambrian strata of which so narrow a range of antarctic specimens had previously been secured.  We wished also to obtain as great as possible a variety of the upper fossiliferous rocks, since the primal life history of this bleak realm of ice and death is of the highest importance to our knowledge of the earth ’ s past.  That the antarctic continent was once temperate and even tropical, with a teeming vegetable and animal life of which the lichens, marine fauna, arachnida, and penguins of the northern edge are the only survivals, is a matter of common information; and we hoped to expand that information in variety, accuracy, and detail.  When a simple boring revealed fossiliferous signs, we would enlarge the aperture by blasting, in order to get specimens of suitable size and condition.

Our borings, of varying depth according to the promise held out by the upper soil or rock, were to be confined to exposed, or nearly exposed, land surfaces-these inevitably being slopes and ridges because of the mile or two-mile thickness of solid ice overlying the lower levels.  We could not afford to waste drilling the depth of any considerable amount of mere glaciation, though Pabodie had worked out a plan for sinking copper electrodes in thick clusters of borings and melting off limited areas of ice with current from a gasoline-driven dynamo.  It is this plan-which we could not put into effect except experimentally on an expedition such as ours-that the coming Starkweather-Moore Expedition proposes to follow, despite the warnings I have issued since our return from the antarctic.

The public knows of the Miskatonic Expedition through our frequent wireless reports to the Arkham Advertiser and Associated Press, and through the later articles of Pabodie and myself.  We consisted of four men from the University-Pabodie, Lake of the biology department, Atwood of the physics department-also a meteorologist-and myself, representing geology and having nominal command-besides sixteen assistants: seven graduate students from Miskatonic and nine skilled mechanics.  Of these sixteen, twelve were qualified aeroplane pilots, all but two of whom were competent wireless operators.  Eight of them understood navigation with compass and sextant, as did Pabodie, Atwood, and I.  In addition, of course, our two ships-wooden ex-whalers, reinforced for ice conditions and having auxiliary steam-were fully manned.

The Nathaniel Derby Pickman Foundation, aided by a few special contributions, financed the expedition; hence our preparations were extremely thorough, despite the absence of great publicity.  The dogs, sledges, machines, camp materials, and unassembled parts of our five planes were delivered in Boston, and there our ships were loaded.  We were marvelously well-equipped for our specific purposes, and in all matters pertaining to supplies, regimen, transportation, and camp construction we profited by the excellent example of our many recent and exceptionally brilliant predecessors.  It was the unusual number and fame of these predecessors which made our own expedition-ample though it was-so little noticed by the world at large.

As the newspapers told, we sailed from Boston Harbor on September 2nd, 1930, taking a leisurely course down the coast and through the Panama Canal, and stopping at Samoa and Hobart, Tasmania, at which latter place we took on final supplies.  None of our exploring party had ever been in the polar regions before, hence we all relied greatly on our ship captains-J.  B.  Douglas, commanding the brig Arkham, and serving as commander of the sea party, and Georg Thorflnnssen, commanding the barque Miskatonic-both veteran whalers in antarctic waters.

As we left the inhabited world behind, the sun sank lower and lower in the north, and stayed longer and longer above the horizon each day.  At about 62 ° South Latitude we sighted our first icebergs-tablelike objects with vertical sides-and just before reaching the antarctic circle, which we crossed on October 20th with appropriately quaint ceremonies, we were considerably troubled with field ice.  The falling temperature bothered me considerably after our long voyage through the tropics, but I tried to brace up for the worse rigors to come.  On many occasions the curious atmospheric effects enchanted me vastly; these including a strikingly vivid mirage-the first I had ever seen-in which distant bergs became the battlements of unimaginable cosmic castles.

Pushing through the ice, which was fortunately neither extensive nor thickly packed, we regained open water at South Latitude 67 °, East Longitude 175 ° On the morning of October 26th a strong land blink appeared on the south, and before noon we all felt a thrill of excitement at beholding a vast, lofty, and snow-clad mountain chain which opened out and covered the whole vista ahead.  At last we had encountered an outpost of the great unknown continent and its cryptic world of frozen death.  These peaks were obviously the Admiralty Range discovered by Ross, and it would now be our task to round Cape Adare and sail down the east coast of Victoria Land to our contemplated base on the shore of McMurdo Sound, at the foot of the volcano Erebus in South Latitude 77 ° 9 '.

The last lap of the voyage was vivid and fancy-stirring.  Great barren peaks of mystery loomed up constantly against the west as the low northern sun of noon or the still lower horizon-grazing southern sun of midnight poured its hazy reddish rays over the white snow, bluish ice and water lanes, and black bits of exposed granite slope.  Through the desolate summits swept ranging, intermittent gusts of the terrible antarctic wind; whose cadences sometimes held vague suggestions of a wild and half-sentient musical piping, with notes extending over a wide range, and which for some subconscious mnemonic reason seemed to me disquieting and even dimly terrible.  Something about the scene reminded me of the strange and disturbing Asian paintings of Nicholas Roerich, and of the still stranger and more disturbing descriptions of the evilly fabled plateau of Leng which occur in the dreaded Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred.  I was rather sorry, later on, that I had ever looked into that monstrous book at the college library.

On the 7th of November, sight of the westward range having been temporarily lost, we passed Franklin Island; and the next day descried the cones of Mts.  Erebus and Terror on Ross Island ahead, with the long line of the Parry Mountains beyond.  There now stretched off to the east the low, white line of the great ice barrier, rising perpendicularly to a height of two hundred feet like the rocky cliffs of Quebec, and marking the end of southward navigation.  In the afternoon we entered McMurdo Sound and stood off the coast in the lee of smoking Mt.  Erebus.  The scoriac peak towered up some twelve thousand, seven hundred feet against the eastern sky, like a Japanese print of the sacred Fujiyama, while beyond it rose the white, ghostlike height of Mt.  Terror, ten thousand, nine hundred feet in altitude, and now extinct as a volcano.

Puffs of smoke from Erebus came intermittently, and one of the graduate assistants-a brilliant young fellow named Danforth-pointed out what looked like lava on the snowy slope, remarking that this mountain, discovered in 1840, had undoubtedly been the source of Poe ’ s image when he wrote seven years later:



- the lavas that restlessly roll
Their sulphurous currents down Yaanek
In the ultimate climes of the pole -
That groan as they roll down Mount Yaanek
In the realms of the boreal pole.



Danforth was a great reader of bizarre material, and had talked a good deal of Poe.  I was interested myself because of the antarctic scene of Poe ’ s only long story-the disturbing and enigmatical Arthur Gordon Pym.  On the barren shore, and on the lofty ice barrier in the background, myriads of grotesque penguins squawked and flapped their fins, while many fat seals were visible on the water, swimming or sprawling across large cakes of slowly drifting ice.

Using small boats, we effected a difficult landing on Ross Island shortly after midnight on the morning of the 9th, carrying a line of cable from each of the ships and preparing to unload supplies by means of a breeches-buoy arrangement.  Our sensations on first treading Antarctic soil were poiguant and complex, even though at this particular point the Scott and Shackleton expeditions had preceded us.  Our camp on the frozen shore below the volcano ’ s slope was only a provisional one, headquarters being kept aboard the Arkham.  We landed all our drilling apparatus, dogs, sledges, tents, provisions, gasoline tanks, experimental ice-melting outfit, cameras, both ordinary and aerial, aeroplane parts, and other accessories, including three small portable wireless outfits-besides those in the planes-capable of communicating with the Arkham ’ s large outfit from any part of the antarctic continent that we would be likely to visit.  The ship ’ s outfit, communicating with the outside world, was to convey press reports to the Arkham Advertiser's powerful wireless station on Kingsport Head, Massachusetts.  We hoped to complete our work during a single antarctic summer; but if this proved impossible, we would winter on the Arkham, sending the Miskatonic north before the freezing of the ice for another summer ’ s supplies.

I need not repeat what the newspapers have already published about our early work: of our ascent of Mt.  Erebus; our successful mineral borings at several points on Ross Island and the singular speed with which Pabodie ’ s apparatus accomplished them, even through solid rock layers; our provisional test of the small ice-melting equipment; our perilous ascent of the great barrier with sledges and supplies; and our final assembling of five huge aeroplanes at the camp atop the barrier.  The health of our land party-twenty men and fifty-five Alaskan sledge dogs-was remarkable, though of course we had so far encountered no really destructive temperatures or windstorms.  For the most part, the thermometer varied between zero and 20 ° or 25 ° above, and our experience with New England winters had accustomed us to rigors of this sort.  The barrier camp was semi-permanent, and destined to be a storage cache for gasoline, provisions, dynamite, and other supplies.

Only four of our planes were needed to carry the actual exploring material, the fifth being left with a pilot and two men from the ships at the storage cache to form a means of reaching us from the Arkham in case all our exploring planes were lost.  Later, when not using all the other planes for moving apparatus, we would employ one or two in a shuttle transportation service between this cache and another permanent base on the great plateau from six hundred to seven hundred miles southward, beyond Beardmore Glacier.  Despite the almost unanimous accounts of appalling winds and tempests that pour down from the plateau, we determined to dispense with intermediate bases, taking our chances in the interest of economy and probable efficiency.

Wireless reports have spoken of the breathtaking, four-hour, nonstop flight of our squadron on November 21st over the lofty shelf ice, with vast peaks rising on the west, and the unfathomed silences echoing to the sound of our engines.  Wind troubled us only moderately, and our radio compasses helped us through the one opaque fog we encountered.  When the vast rise loomed ahead, between Latitudes 83 ° and 84 °, we knew we had reached Beardmore Glacier, the largest valley glacier in the world, and that the frozen sea was now giving place to a frowning and mountainous coast line.  At last we were truly entering the white, aeon-dead world of the ultimate south.  Even as we realized it we saw the peak of Mt.  Nansen in the eastern distance, towering up to its height of almost fifteen thousand feet.

The successful establishment of the southern base above the glacier in Latitude 86 ° 7 ’, East Longitude 174 ° 23 ’, and the phenomenally rapid and effective borings and blastings made at various points reached by our sledge trips and short aeroplane flights, are matters of history; as is the arduous and triumphant ascent of Mt.  Nansen by Pabodie and two of the graduate students-Gedney and Carroll-on December 13-15.  We were some eight thousand, five hundred feet above sea-level, and when experimental drillings revealed solid ground only twelve feet down through the snow and ice at certain points, we made considerable use of the small melting apparatus and sunk bores and performed dynamiting at many places where no previous explorer had ever thought of securing mineral specimens.  The pre-Cambrian granites and beacon sandstones thus obtained confirmed our belief that this plateau was homogeneous, with the great bulk of the continent to the west, but somewhat different from the parts lying eastward below South America-which we then thought to form a separate and smaller continent divided from the larger one by a frozen junction of Ross and Weddell Seas, though Byrd has since disproved the hypothesis.

In certain of the sandstones, dynamited and chiseled after boring revealed their nature, we found some highly interesting fossil markings and fragments; notably ferns, seaweeds, trilobites, crinoids, and such mollusks as linguellae and gastropods-all of which seemed of real significance in connection with the region ’ s primordial history.  There was also a queer triangular, striated marking, about a foot in greatest diameter, which Lake pieced together from three fragments of slate brought up from a deep-blasted aperture.  These fragments came from a point to the westward, near the Queen Alexandra Range; and Lake, as a biologist, seemed to find their curious marking unusually puzzling and provocative, though to my geological eye it looked not unlike some of the ripple effects reasonably common in the sedimentary rocks.  Since slate is no more than a metamorphic formation into which a sedimentary stratum is pressed, and since the pressure itself produces odd distorting effects on any markings which may exist, I saw no reason for extreme wonder over the striated depression.

On January 6th, 1931, Lake, Pabodie, Danforth, the other six students, and myself flew directly over the south pole in two of the great planes, being forced down once by a sudden high wind, which, fortunately, did not develop into a typical storm.  This was, as the papers have stated, one of several observation flights, during others of which we tried to discern new topographical features in areas unreached by previous explorers.  Our early flights were disappointing in this latter respect, though they afforded us some magnificent examples of the richly fantastic and deceptive mirages of the polar regions, of which our sea voyage had given us some brief foretastes.  Distant mountains floated in the sky as enchanted cities, and often the whole white world would dissolve into a gold, silver, and scarlet land of Dunsanian dreams and adventurous expectancy under the magic of the low midnight sun.  On cloudy days we had considerable trouble in flying owing to the tendency of snowy earth and sky to merge into one mystical opalescent void with no visible horizon to mark the junction of the two.

At length we resolved to carry out our original plan of flying five hundred miles eastward with all four exploring planes and establishing a fresh sub-base at a point which would probably be on the smaller continental division, as we mistakenly conceived it.  Geological specimens obtained there would be desirable for purposes of comparison.  Our health so far had remained excellent-lime juice well offsetting the steady diet of tinned and salted food, and temperatures generally above zero enabling us to do without our thickest furs.  It was now midsummer, and with haste and care we might be able to conclude work by March and avoid a tedious wintering through the long antarctic night.  Several savage windstorms had burst upon us from the west, but we had escaped damage through the skill of Atwood in devising rudimentary aeroplane shelters and windbreaks of heavy snow blocks, and reinforcing the principal camp buildings with snow.  Our good luck and efficiency had indeed been almost uncanny.

The outside world knew, of course, of our program, and was told also of Lake ’ s strange and dogged insistence on a westward-or rather, northwestward-prospecting trip before our radical shift to the new base.  It seems that he had pondered a great deal, and with alarmingly radical daring, over that triangular striated marking in the slate; reading into it certain contradictions in nature and geological period which whetted his curiosity to the utmost, and made him avid to sink more borings and blastings in the west-stretching formation to which the exhumed fragments evidently belonged.  He was strangely convinced that the marking was the print of some bulky, unknown, and radically unclassifiable organism of considerably advanced evolution, notwithstanding that the rock which bore it was of so vastly ancient a date-Cambrian if not actually preCambrian-as to preclude the probable existence not only of all highly evolved life, but of any life at all above the unicellular or at most the trilobite stage.  These fragments, with their odd marking, must have been five hundred million to a thousand million years old.
II

Popular imagination, I judge, responded actively to our wireless bulletins of Lake ’ s start northwestward into regions never trodden by human foot or penetrated by human imagination, though we did not mention his wild hopes of revolutionizing the entire sciences of biology and geology.  His preliminary sledging and boring journey of January 11th to 18th with Pabodie and five others-marred by the loss of two dogs in an upset when crossing one of the great pressure ridges in the ice-had brought up more and more of the Archaean slate; and even I was interested by the singular profusion of evident fossil markings in that unbelievably ancient stratum.  These markings, however, were of very primitive life forms involving no great paradox except that any life forms should occur in rock as definitely pre-Cambrian as this seemed to be; hence I still failed to see the good sense of Lake ’ s demand for an interlude in our time-saving program-an interlude requiring the use of all four planes, many men, and the whole of the expedition ’ s mechanical apparatus.  I did not, in the end, veto the plan, though I decided not to accompany the northwestward party despite Lake ’ s plea for my geological advice.  While they were gone, I would remain at the base with Pabodie and five men and work out final plans for the eastward shift.  In preparation for this transfer, one of the planes had begun to move up a good gasoline supply from McMurdo Sound; but this could wait temporarily.  I kept with me one sledge and nine dogs, since it is unwise to be at any time without possible transportation in an utterly tenantless world of aeon-long death.

Lake ’ s subexpedition into the unknown, as everyone will recall, sent out its own reports from the shortwave transmitters on the planes; these being simultaneously picked up by our apparatus at the southern base and by the Arkham at McMurdo Sound, whence they were relayed to the outside world on wave lengths up to fifty meters.  The start was made January 22nd at 4 A.  M., and the first wireless message we received came only two hours later, when Lake spoke of descending and starting a small-scale ice-melting and bore at a point some three hundred miles away from us.  Six hours after that a second and very excited message told of the frantic, beaver-like work whereby a shallow shaft had been sunk and blasted, culminating in the discovery of slate fragments with several markings approximately like the one which had caused the original puzzlement.

Three hours later a brief bulletin announced the resumption of the flight in the teeth of a raw and piercing gale; and when I dispatched a message of protest against further hazards, Lake replied curtly that his new specimens made any hazard worth taking.  I saw that his excitement had reached the point of mutiny, and that I could do nothing to check this headlong risk of the whole expedition ’ s success; but it was appalling to think of his plunging deeper and deeper into that treacherous and sinister white immensity of tempests and unfathomed mysteries which stretched off for some fifteen hundred miles to the half-known, half-suspected coast line of Queen Mary and Knox Lands.

Then, in about an hour and a half more, came that doubly excited message from Lake ’ s moving plane, which almost reversed my sentiments and made me wish I had accompanied the party:



[[10: 05 P.  M.  On the wing.  After snowstorm, have spied mountain range ahead higher than any hitherto seen.  May equal Himalayas, allowing for height of plateau.  Probable Latitude 76 ° 15 ’, Longitude 113 ° 10 ’ E.  Reaches far as can see to right and left.  Suspicion of two smoking cones.  All peaks black and bare of snow Gale blowing off them impedes navigation."



After that Pabodie, the men, and I hung breathlessly over the receiver.  Thought of this titanic mountain rampart seven hundred miles away inflamed our deepest sense of adventure; and we rejoiced that our expedition, if not ourselves personally, had been its discoverers.  In half an hour Lake called us again:



[[Moulton ' s plane forced down on plateau in foothills, but nobody hurt and perhaps can repair.  Shall transfer essentials to other three for return or further moves if necessary, but no more heavy plane travel needed just now Mountains surpass anything in imagination.  Am going up scouting in Carroll ’ s plane, with all weight out.

[[You can ’ t imagine anything like this.  Highest peaks must go over thirty-five thousand feet.  Everest out of the running.  Atwood to work out height with theodolite while Carroll and I go up.  Probably wrong about cones, for formations look stratified.  Possibly preCam brian slate with other strata mixed in.  Queer skyline effects-regular sections of cubes clinging to highest peaks.  Whole thing marvelous in red-gold light of low sun.  Like land of mystery in a dream or gateway to forbidden world of untrodden wonder.  Wish you were here to study."



Though it was technically sleeping time, not one of us listeners thought for a moment of retiring.  It must have been a good deal the same at McMurdo Sound, where the supply cache and the Arkham were also getting the messages; for Captain Douglas gave out a call congratulating everybody on the important find, and Sherman, the cache operator, seconded his sentiments.  We were sorry, of course, about the damaged aeroplane, but hoped it could be easily mended.  Then, at 11 P.  M., came another call from Lake:


[[Up with Carroll over highest foothills.  Don ’ t dare try really tall peaks in present weather, but shall later.  Frightful work climbing, and hard going at this altitude, but worth it.  Great range fairly solid, hence can ’ t get any glimpses beyond.  Main summits exceed Himalayas, and very queer.  Range looks like pre-Cambrian slate, with plain signs of many other upheaved strata.  Was wrong about volcanism.  Goes farther in either direction than we can see.  Swept clear of snow above about twenty-one thousand feet.
[[Odd formations on slopes of highest mountains.  Great low square blocks with exactly vertical sides, and rectangular lines of low, vertical ramparts, like the old Asian castles clinging to steep mountains in Roerich ’ s paintings.  Impressive from distance.  Flew close to some, and Carroll thought they were formed of smaller separate pieces, but that is probably weathering.  Most edges crumbled and rounded off as if exposed to storms and climate changes for millions of years.
[[Parts, especially upper parts, seem to be of lighter-colored rock than any visible strata on slopes proper, hence of evidently crystalline origin.  Close flying shows many cave mouths, some unusually regular in outline, square or semicircular.  You must come and investigate.  Think I saw rampart squarely on top of one peak.  Height seems about thirty thousand to thirty-five thousand feet.  Am up twenty-one thousand, five hundred myself, in devilish, gnawing cold.  Wind whistles and pipes through passes and in and out of caves, but no flying danger so far."



From then on for another half hour Lake kept up a running fire of comment, and expressed his intention of climbing some of the peaks on foot.  I replied that I would join him as soon as he could send a plane, and that Pabodie and I would work out the best gasoline plan-just where and how to concentrate our supply in view of the expedition ’ s altered character.  Obviously, Lake ’ s boring operations, as well as his aeroplane activities, would require a great deal for the new base which he planned to establish at the foot of the mountains; and it was possible that the eastward flight might not be made, after all, this season.  In connection with this business I called Captain Douglas and asked him to get as much as possible out of the ships and up the barrier with the single dog team we had left there.  A direct route across the unknown region between Lake and McMurdo Sound was what we really ought to establish.

Lake called me later to say that he had decided to let the camp stay where Moulton ’ s plane had been forced down, and where repairs had already progressed somewhat.  The ice sheet was very thin, with dark ground here and there visible, and he would sink some borings and blasts at that very point before making any sledge trips or climbing expeditions.  He spoke of the ineffable majesty of the whole scene, and the queer state of his sensations at being in the lee of vast, silent pinnacles whose ranks shot up like a wall reaching the sky at the world ’ s rim.  Atwood ’ s theodolite observations had placed the height of the five tallest peaks at from thirty thousand to thirty-four thousand feet.  The windswept nature of the terrain clearly disturbed Lake, for it argued the occasional existence of prodigious gales, violent beyond anything we had so far encountered.  His camp lay a little more than five miles from where the higher foothills rose abruptly.  I could almost trace a note of subconscious alarm in his words-flashed across a glacial void of seven hundred miles-as he urged that we all hasten with the matter and get the strange, new region disposed of as soon as possible.  He was about to rest now, after a continuous day ’ s work of almost unparalleled speed, strenuousness, and results.

In the morning I had a three-cornered wireless talk with Lake and Captain Douglas at their widely separated bases.  It was agreed that one of Lake ’ s planes would come to my base for Pabodie, the five men, and myself, as well as for all the fuel it could carry.  The rest of the fuel question, depending on our decision about an easterly trip, could wait for a few days, since Lake had enough for immediate camp heat and borings.  Eventually the old southern base ought to be restocked, but if we postponed the easterly trip we would not use it till the next summer, and, meanwhile, Lake must send a plane to explore a direct route between his new mountains and McMurdo Sound.

Pabodie and I prepared to close our base for a short or long period, as the case might be.  If we wintered in the antarctic we would probably fly straight from Lake ’ s base to the Arkham without returning to this spot.  Some of our conical tents had already been reinforced by blocks of hard snow, and now we decided to complete the job of making a permanent village.  Owing to a very liberal tent supply, Lake had with him all that his base would need, even after our arrival.  I wirelessed that Pabodie and I would be ready for the northwestward move after one day ’ s work and one night ’ s rest.

Our labors, however, were not very steady after 4 P.  M., for about that time Lake began sending in the most extraordinary and excited messages.  His working day had started unpropitiously, since an aeroplane survey of the nearly-exposed rock surfaces showed an entire absence of those Archaean and primordial strata for which he was looking, and which formed so great a part of the colossal peaks that loomed up at a tantalizing distance from the camp.  Most of the rocks glimpsed were apparently Jurassic and Comanchian sandstones and Permian and Triassic schists, with now and then a glossy black outcropping suggesting a hard and slaty coal.  This rather discouraged Lake, whose plans all hinged on unearthing specimens more than five hundred million years older.  It was clear to him that in order to recover the Archaean slate vein in which he had found the odd markings, he would have to make a long sledge trip from these foothills to the steep slopes of the gigantic mountains themselves.

He had resolved, nevertheless, to do some local boring as part of the expedition ’ s general program; hence he set up the drill and put five men to work with it while the rest finished settling the camp and repairing the damaged aeroplane.  The softest visible rock-a sandstone about a quarter of a mile from the camp-had been chosen for the first sampling; and the drill made excellent progress without much supplementary blasting.  It was about three hours afterward, following the first really heavy blast of the operation, that the shouting of the drill crew was heard; and that young Gedney-the acting foreman-rushed into the camp with the startling news.

They had struck a cave.  Early in the boring the sandstone had given place to a vein of Comanchian limestone, full of minute fossil cephalopods, corals, echini, and spirifera, and with occasional suggestions of siliceous sponges and marine vertebrate bones-the latter probably of teleosts, sharks, and ganoids.  This, in itself, was important enough, as affording the first vertebrate fossils the expedition had yet secured; but when shortly afterward the drill head dropped through the stratum into apparent vacancy, a wholly new and doubly intense wave of excitement spread among the excavators.  A good-sized blast had laid open the subterrene secret; and now, through a jagged aperture perhaps five feet across and three feet thick, there yawned before the avid searchers a section of shallow limestone hollowing worn more than fifty million years ago by the trickling ground waters of a bygone tropic world.

The hollowed layer was not more than seven or eight feet deep but extended off indefinitely in all directions and had a fresh, slightly moving air which suggested its membership in an extensive subterranean system.  Its roof and floor were abundantly equipped with large stalactites and stalagmites, some of which met in columnar form: but important above all else was the vast deposit of shells and bones, which in places nearly choked the passage.  Washed down from unknown jungles of Mesozoic tree ferns and fungi, and forests of Tertiary cycads, fan palms, and primitive angiosperms, this osseous medley contained representatives of more Cretaceous, Eocene, and other animal species than the greatest paleontologist could have counted or classified in a year.  Mollusks, crustacean armor, fishes, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and early mammals-great and small, known and unknown.  No wonder Gedney ran back to the camp shouting, and no wonder everyone else dropped work and rushed headlong through the biting cold to where the tall derrick marked a new-found gateway to secrets of inner earth and vanished aeons.

When Lake had satisfied the first keen edge of his curiosity, he scribbled a message in his notebook and had young Moulton run back to the camp to dispatch it by wireless.  This was my first word of the discovery, and it told of the identification of early shells, bones of ganoids and placoderms, remnants of labyrinthodonts and thecodonts, great mosasaur skull fragments, dinosaur vertebrae and armor plates, pterodactyl teeth and wing bones, Archaeopteryx debris, Miocene sharks ’ teeth, primitive bird skulls, and other bones of archaic mammals such as palaeotheres, Xiphodons, Eohippi, Oreodons, and titanotheres.  There was nothing as recent as a mastodon, elephant, true camel, deer, or bovine animal; hence Lake concluded that the last deposits had occurred during the Oligocene Age, and that the hollowed stratum had lain in its present dried, dead, and inaccessible state for at least thirty million years.

On the other hand, the prevalence of very early life forms was singular in the highest degree.  Though the limestone formation was, on the evidence of such typical imbedded fossils as ventriculites, positively and unmistakably Comanchian and not a particle earlier, the free fragments in the hollow space included a surprising proportion from organisms hitherto considered as peculiar to far older periods-even rudimentary fishes, mollusks, and corals as remote as the Silunan or Ordovician.  The inevitable inference was that in this part of the world there had been a remarkable and unique degree of continuity between the life of over three hundred million years ago and that of only thirty million years ago.  How far this continuity had extended beyond the Oligocene Age when the cavern was closed was of course past all speculation.  In any event, the coming of the frightful ice in the Pleistocene some five hundred thousand years ago-a mere yesterday as compared with the age of this cavity-must have put an end to any of the primal forms which had locally managed to outlive their common terms.

Lake was not content to let his first message stand, but had another bulletin written and dispatched across the snow to the camp before Moulton could get back.  After that Moulton stayed at the wireless in one of the planes, transmitting to me-and to the Arkham for relaying to the outside world-the frequent postscripts which Lake sent him by a succession of messengers.  Those who followed the newspapers will remember the excitement created among men of science by that afternoon ’ s reports-reports which have finally led, after all these years, to the organization of that very Starkweather-Moore Expedition which I am so anxious to dissuade from its purposes.  I had better give the messages literally as Lake sent them, and as our base operator McTighe translated them from the pencil shorthand:



[[Fowler makes discovery of highest importance in sandstone and limestone fragments from blasts.  Several distinct triangular striated prints like those in Archaean slate, proving that source survived from over six hundred million years ago to Comanchian times without more than moderate morphological changes and decrease in average size, Comanchian prints apparently more primitive or decadent, if anything, than older ones.  Emphasize importance of discovery in press.  Will mean to biology what Einstein has meant to mathematics and physics.  Joins up with my previous work and amplifies conclusions.

[[Appears to indicate, as I suspected, that earth has seen whole cycle or cycles of organic life before known one that begins with Archaeozoic cells.  Was evolved and specialized not later than a thousand million years ago, when planet was young and recently uninhabitable for any life forms or normal protoplasmic structure.  Question arises when, where, and how development took place."

[[La ter.  Examining certain skeletal fragments of large land and marine saurians and primitive mammals, find singular local wounds or injuries to bony structure not attributable to any known predatory or carnivorous animal of any period, of two sorts-straight, penetrant bores, and apparently hacking incisions.  One or two cases of cleanly severed bones.  Not many specimens affected.  Am sending to camp for electric torches.  Will extend search area underground by hacking away stalactites."

[[Still later.  Have found peculiar soapstone fragment about six inches across and an inch and a half thick, wholly unlike any visible local formation-greenish, but no evidences to place its period.  Has curious smoothness and regularity.  Shaped like five-pointed star with tips broken off, and signs of other cleavage at inward angles and in center of su.  rface.  Small, smooth depression in center of unbroken surface.  Arouses much curiosity as to source and weathering.  Probably some freak of water action.  Carroll, with magnifier, thinks he can make out additional markings of geologic significance.  Groups of tiny dots in regular patterns.  Dogs growing uneasy as we work, and seem to hate this soapstone.  Must see if it has any peculiar odor.  Will report again when Mills gets back with light and we start on underground area."

[[10: 15 P.  M.  Important discovery.  Orrendorf and Watkins, working underground at 9: 45 with light, found monstrous barrel-shaped fossil of wholly unknown nature; probably vegetable unless overgrown specimen of unknown marine radiata.  Tissue evidently preserved by mineral salts.  Tough as leather, but astonishing flexibility retained in places.  Marks of broken-off parts at ends and around sides.  Six feet end to end, three and five-tenths feet central diameter, tapering to one foot at each end.  Like a barrel with five bulging ridges in place of staves.  Lateral breakages, as of thinnish stalks, are at equator in middle of these ridges.  In furrows between ridges are curious growths-combs or wings that fold up and spread out like fans.  All greatly damaged but one, which gives almost seven-foot wing spread.  Arrangement reminds one of certain monsters of primal myth, especially fabled Elder Things in Necronomicon.

[[Their wings seem to be membranous, stretched on frame work of glandular tubing.  Apparent minute orifices in frame tubing at wing tips.  Ends of body shriveled, giving no clue to interior or to what has been broken off there.  Must dissect when we get back to camp.  Can ’ t decide whether vegetable or animal.  Many features obviously of almost incredible primitiveness.  Have set all hands cutting stalactites and looking for further specimens.  Additional scarred bones found, but these must wait.  Having trouble with dogs.  They can ’ t endure the new specimen, and would probably tear it to pieces if we didn ’ t keep it at a distance from them."

[[11: 30 P.  M.  Attention, Dyer, Pabodie, Douglas.  Matter of highest-I might say transcendent-importance.  Arkham must relay to Kingsport Head Station at once.  Strange barrel growth is the Archaean thing that left prints in rocks.  Mills, Boudreau, and Fowler discover cluster of thirteen more at underground point forty feet from aperture.  Mixed with curiously rounded and configured soapstone fragments smaller than one previously found-star-shaped, but no marks of breakage except at some of the points.

[[Of organic specimens, eight apparently perfect, with all appendages.  Have brought all to surface, leading off dogs to distance.  They cannot stand the things.  Give close attention to description and repeat back for accuracy Papers must get this right.

[[Objects are eight feet long all over.  Six-foot, five-ridged barrel torso three and five-tenths feet central diameter, one foot end diameters.  Dark gray, flexible, and infinitely tough.  Seven-foot membranous wings of same color, found folded, spread out of furrows between ridges.  Wing framework tubular or glandular, of lighter gray, with orifices at wing tips.  Spread wings have serrated edge.  Around equator, one at central apex of each of the five vertical, stave-like ridges are five systems of light gray flexible arms or tentacles found tightly folded to torso but expansible to maximum length of over three feet.  Like arms of primitive crinoid.  Single stalks three inches diameter branch after six inches into five substalks, each of which branches after eight inches into small, tapering tentacles or tendrils, giving each stalk a total of twenty-five tentacles.

[[At top of torso blunt, bulbous neck of lighter gray, with gill-like suggestions, holds yellowish five-pointed starfish-shaped apparent head covered with three-inch wiry cilia of various prismatic colors.

[[Head thick and puffy, about two feet point to point, with three-inch flexible yellowish tubes projecting from each point.  Slit in exact center of top probably breathing aperture.  At end of each tube is spherical expansion where yellowish membrane rolls back on handling to reveal glassy, red-irised globe, evidently an eye.

[[Five slightly longer reddish tubes start from inner angles of starfish-shaped head and end in saclike swellings of same color which, upon pressure, open to bell-shaped orifices two inches maximum diameter and lined with sharp, white toot hlike projections-probably mouths.  All these tubes, cilia, and points of starfish head, found folded tightly down; tubes and points clinging to bulbous neck and torso.  Flexibility surprising despite vast toughness.

[[At bottom of torso, rough but dissimilarly functioning counterparts of head arrangements exist.  Bulbous light-gray pseudo-neck, without gill suggestions, holds greenish five-pointed starfish arrangement.

[[Tough, muscular arms four feet long and tapering from seven inches diameter at base to about two and five-tenths at point.  To each point is attached small end of a greenish five-veined mem branous triangle eight inches long and six wide at farther end.  This is the paddle, fin, or pseudofoot which has made prints in rocks from a thousand million to fifty or sixty million years old.

[[From inner angles of starfish arrangement project two-foot reddish tubes tapering from three inches diameter at base to one at tip.  Orifices at tips.  All these parts infinitely tough and leathery, but extremely flexible.  Four-foot arms with paddles undoubtedly used for locomotion of some sort, marine or otherwise.  When moved, display suggestions of exaggerated muscularity.  As found, all these pro jections tightly folded over pseudoneck and end of torso, corresponding to projections at other end.

[[Cannot yet assign positively to animal or vegetable kingdom, but odds now favor animal.  Probably represents incredibly advanced evolution of radiata without loss of certain primitive features.  Echinoderm resemblances unmistakable despite local contradictory evidences.

[[Wing structure puzzles in view of probable marine habitat, but may have use in water navigation.  Symmetry is curiously vegeta blelike, suggesting vegetable 's essential up-and-down structure rather than animal ’ s fore-and-aft structure.  Fabulously early date of evolution, preceding even simplest Archaean protozoa hitherto known, baffles all conjecture as to origin.

[[Complete specimens have such uncanny resemblance to certain creatures of primal myth that suggestion of ancient existence outside antarctic becomes inevitable.  Dyer and Pabodie have read Necronomicon and seen Clark Ashton Smith ’ s nightmare paintings based on text, and will understand when I speak of Elder Things supposed to have created all earth life as jest or mistake.  Students have always thought conception formed from morbid imaginative treatment of very ancient tropical radiata.  Also like prehistoric folklore things Wilmarth has spoken of-Cthulhu cult appendages, etc.

[[Vast field of study opened.  Deposits probably of late Cretaceous or early Eocene period, judging from associated specimens.  Massive stalagmites deposited above them.  Hard work hewing out, but toughness prevented damage.  State of preservation miraculous, evidently owing to limestone action.  No more found so far, but will resume search later.  Job now to get fourteen huge specimens to camp without dogs, which bark furiously and can ’ t be trusted near them.

[[With nine men-three left to guard the dogs-we ought to manage the three sledges fairly well, though wind is bad.  Must establish plane communication with McMurdo Sound and begin shipping material.  But I ’ ve got to dissect one of these things before we take any rest.  Wish I had a real laboratory here.  Dyer better kick himself for having tried to stop my westward trip.  First the world ’ s greatest mountains, and then this.  If this last isn ’ t the high spot of the expedition, I don ’ t know what is.  We ’ re made scientifically.  Congrats, Pabodie, on the drill that opened up the cave.  Now will Arkham please repeat description?]]



The sensations of Pabodie and myself at receipt of this report were almost beyond description, nor were our companions much behind us in enthusiasm.  McTighe, who had hastily translated a few high spots as they came from the droning receiving set, wrote out the entire message from his shorthand version as soon as Lake ’ s operator signed off.  All appreciated the epoch-making significance of the discovery, and I sent Lake congratulations as soon as the Arkham ’ s operator had repeated back the descriptive parts as requested; and my example was followed by Sherman from his station at the McMurdo Sound supply cache, as well as by Captain Douglas of the Arkham.  Later, as head of the expedition, I added some remarks to be relayed through the Arkham to the outside world.  Of course, rest was an absurd thought amidst this excitement; and my only wish was to get to Lake ’ s camp as quickly as I could.  It disappointed me when he sent word that a rising mountain gale made early aerial travel impossible.

But within an hour and a half interest again rose to banish disappointment.  Lake, sending more messages, told of the completely successful transportation of the fourteen great specimens to the camp.  It had been a hard pull, for the things were surprisingly heavy; but nine men had accomplished it very neatly.  Now some of the party were hurriedly building a snow corral at a safe distance from the camp, to which the dogs could be brought for greater convenience in feeding.  The specimens were laid out on the hard snow near the camp, save for one on which Lake was making crude attempts at dissection.

This dissection seemed to be a greater task than had been expected, for, despite the heat of a gasoline stove in the newly raised laboratory tent, the deceptively flexible tissues of the chosen specimen-a powerful and intact one-lost nothing of their more than leathery toughness.  Lake was puzzled as to how he might make the requisite incisions without violence destructive enough to upset all the structural niceties he was looking for.  He had, it is true, seven more perfect specimens; but these were too few to use up recklessly unless the cave might later yield an unlimited supply.  Accordingly he removed the specimen and dragged in one which, though having remnants of the starfish arrangements at both ends, was badly crushed and partly disrupted along one of the great torso furrows.

Results, quickly reported over the wireless, were baffling and provocative indeed.  Nothing like delicacy or accuracy was possible with instruments hardly able to cut the anomalous tissue, but the little that was achieved left us all awed and bewildered.  Existing biology would have to be wholly revised, for this thing was no product of any cell growth science knows about.  There had been scarcely any mineral replacement, and despite an age of perhaps forty million years, the internal organs were wholly intact.  The leathery, undeteriorative, and almost indestructible quality was an inherent attribute of the thing ’ s form of organization, and pertained to some paleogean cycle of invertebrate evolution utterly beyond our powers of speculation.  At first all that Lake found was dry, but as the heated tent produced its thawing effect, organic moisture of pungent and offensive odor was encountered toward the thing ’ s uninjured side.  It was not blood, but a thick, dark-green fluid apparently answering the same purpose.  By the time Lake reached this stage, all thirty-seven dogs had been brought to the still uncompleted corral near the camp, and even at that distance set up a savage barking and show of restlessness at the acrid, diffusive smell.

Far from helping to place the strange entity, this provisional dissection merely deepened its mystery.  All guesses about its external members had been correct, and on the evidence of these one could hardly hesitate to call the thing animal; but internal inspection brought up so many vegetable evidences that Lake was left hopelessly at sea.  It had digestion and circulation, and eliminated waste matter through the reddish tubes of its starfish-shaped base.  Cursorily, one would say that its respiration apparatus handled oxygen rather than carbon dioxide, and there were odd evidences of air-storage chambers and methods of shifting respiration from the external orifice to at least two other fully developed breathing systems-gills and pores.  Clearly, it was amphibian, and probably adapted to long airless hibernation periods as well.  Vocal organs seemed present in connection with the main respiratory system, but they presented anomalies beyond immediate solution.  Articulate speech, in the sense of syllable utterance, seemed barely conceivable, but musical piping notes covering a wide range were highly probable.  The muscular system was almost prematurely developed.

The nervous system was so complex and highly developed as to leave Lake aghast.  Though excessively primitive and archaic in some respects, the thing had a set of ganglial centers and connectives arguing the very extremes of specialized development.  Its five-lobed brain was surprisingly advanced, and there were signs of a sensory equipment, served in part through the wiry cilia of the head, involving factors alien to any other terrestrial organism.  Probably it has more than five senses, so that its habits could not be predicted from any existing analogy.  It must, Lake thought, have been a creature of keen sensitiveness and delicately differentiated functions in its primal world-much like the ants and bees of today.  It reproduced like the vegetable crytogams, especially the Pteridophyta, having spore cases at the tips of the wings and evidently developing from a thallus or prothallus.

But to give it a name at this stage was mere folly.  It looked like a radiate, but was clearly something more.  It was partly vegetable, but had three-fourths of the essentials of animal structure.  That it was marine in origin, its symmetrical contour and certain other attributes clearly indicated; yet one could not be exact as to the limit of its later adaptations.  The wings, after all, held a persistent suggestion of the aerial.  How it could have undergone its tremendously complex evolution on a new-born earth in time to leave prints in Archaean rocks was so far beyond conception as to make Lake whimsically recall the primal myths about Great Old Ones who filtered down from the stars and concocted earth life as a joke or mistake; and the wild tales of cosmic hill things from outside told by a folklorist colleague in Miskatonic ’ s English department.

Naturally, he considered the possibility of the pre-Cambrian prints having been made by a less evolved ancestor of the present specimens, but quickly rejected this too-facile theory upon considering the advanced structural qualities of the older fossils.  If anything, the later contours showed decadence rather than higher evolution.  The size of the pseudofeet had decreased, and the whole morphology seemed coarsened and simplified.  Moreover, the nerves and organs just examined held singular suggestions of retrogression from forms still more complex.  Atrophied and vestigial parts were surprisingly prevalent.  Altogether, little could be said to have been solved; and Lake fell back on mythology for a provisional name-jocosely dubbing his finds "The Elder Ones."

At about 2: 30 A.  M., having decided to postpone further work and get a little rest, he covered the dissected organism with a tarpaulin, emerged from the laboratory tent, and studied the intact specimens with renewed interest.  The ceaseless antarctic sun had begun to limber up their tissues a trifle, so that the head points and tubes of two or three showed signs of unfolding; but Lake did not believe there was any danger of immediate decomposition in the almost subzero air.  He did, however, move all the undissected specimens close together and throw a spare tent over them in order to keep off the direct solar rays.  That would also help to keep their possible scent away from the dogs, whose hostile unrest was really becoming a problem, even at their substantial distance and behind the higher and higher snow walls which an increased quota of the men were hastening to raise around their quarters.  He had to weight down the corners of the tent cloth with heavy blocks of snow to hold it in place amidst the rising gale, for the titan mountains seemed about to deliver some gravely severe blasts.  Early apprehensions about sudden antarctic winds were revived, and under Atwood ’ s supervision precautions were taken to bank the tents, new dog corral, and crude aeroplane shelters with snow on the mountainward side.  These latter shelters, begun with hard snow blocks during odd moments, were by no means as high as they should have been; and Lake finally detached all hands from other tasks to work on them.

It was after four when Lake at last prepared to sign off and advised us all to share the rest period his outfit would take when the shelter walls were a little higher.  He held some friendly chat with Pabodie over the ether, and repeated his praise of the really marvelous drills that had helped him make his discovery.  Atwood also sent greetings and praises.  I gave Lake a warm word of congratulations, owning up that he was right about the western trip, and we all agreed to get in touch by wireless at ten in the morning.  If the gale was then over, Lake would send a plane for the party at my base.  Just before retiring I dispatched a final message to the Arkham with instructions about toning down the day ’ s news for the outside world, since the full details seemed radical enough to rouse a wave of incredulity until further substantiated.
III

None of us, I imagine, slept very heavily or continuously that morning.  Both the excitement of Lake ’ s discovery and the mounting fury of the wind were against such a thing.  So savage was the blast, even where we were, that we could not help wondering how much worse it was at Lake ’ s camp, directly under the vast unknown peaks that bred and delivered it.  McTighe was awake at ten o ’ clock and tried to get Lake on the wireless, as agreed, but some electrical condition in the disturbed air to the westward seemed to prevent communication.  We did, however, get the Arkham, and Douglas told me that he had likewise been vainly trying to reach Lake.  He had not known about the wind, for very little was blowing at McMurdo Sound, despite its persistent rage where we were.

Throughout the day we all listened anxiously and tried to get Lake at intervals, but invariably without results.  About noon a positive frenzy of wind stampeded out of the west, causing us to fear for the safety of our camp; but it eventually died down, with only a moderate relapse at 2 P.  M.  After three o ’ clock it was very quiet, and we redoubled our efforts to get Lake.  Reflecting that he had four planes, each provided with an excellent short-wave outfit, we could not imagine any ordinary accident capable of crippling all his wireless equipment at once.  Nevertheless the stony silence continued, and when we thought of the delirious force the wind must have had in his locality we could not help making the more direful conjectures.

By six o ’ clock our fears had become intense and definite, and after a wireless consultation with Douglas and Thorfinnssen I resolved to take steps toward investigation.  The fifth aeroplane, which we had left at the McMurdo Sound supply cache with Sherman and two sailors, was in good shape and ready for instant use, and it seemed that the very emergency for which it had been saved was now upon us.  I got Sherman by wireless and ordered him to join me with the plane and the two sailors at the southern base as quickly as possible, the air conditions being apparently highly favorable.  We then talked over the personnel of the coming investigation party, and decided that we would include all hands, together with the sledge and dogs which I had kept with me.  Even so great a load would not be too much for one of the huge planes built to our special orders for heavy machinery transportation.  At intervals I still tried to reach Lake with the wireless, but all to no purpose.

Sherman, with the sailors Gunnarsson and Larsen, took off at 7: 30; and reported a quiet flight from several points on the wing.  They arrived at our base at midnight, and all hands at once discussed the next move.  It was risky business sailing over the antarctic in a single aeroplane without any line of bases, but no one drew back from what seemed like the plainest necessity.  We turned in at two o ’ clock for a brief rest after some preliminary loading of the plane, but were up again in four hours to finish the loading and packing.

At 7: 15 A.  M., January 25th, we started flying northwestward under McTighe ’ s pilotage with ten men, seven dogs, a sledge, a fuel and food supply, and other items including the plane ’ s wireless outfit.  The atmosphere was clear, fairly quiet, and relatively mild in temperature, and we anticipated very little trouble in reaching the latitude and longitude designated by Lake as the site of his camp.  Our apprehensions were over what we might find, or fail to find, at the end of our journey, for silence continued to answer all calls dispatched to the camp.

Every incident of that four-and-a-half-hour flight is burned into my recollection because of its crucial position in my life.  It marked my loss, at the age of fifty-four, of all that peace and balance which the normal mind possesses through its accustomed conception of external nature and nature ’ s laws.  Thenceforward the ten of us-but the student Danforth and myself above all others-were to face a hideously amplified world of lurking horrors which nothing can erase from our emotions, and which we would refrain from sharing with mankind in general if we could.  The newspapers have printed the bulletins we sent from the moving plane, telling of our nonstop course, our two battles with treacherous upper-air gales, our glimpse of the broken surface where Lake had sunk his mid-journey shaft three days before, and our sight of a group of those strange fluffy snow cylinders noted by Amundsen and Byrd as rolling in the wind across the endless leagues of frozen plateau.  There came a point, though, when our sensations could not be conveyed in any words the press would understand, and a latter point when we had to adopt an actual rule of strict censorship.

The sailor Larsen was first to spy the jagged line of witchlike cones and pinnacles ahead, and his shouts sent everyone to the windows of the great cabined plane.  Despite our speed, they were very slow in gaining prominence; hence we knew that they must be infinitely far off, and visible only because of their abnormal height.  Little by little, however, they rose grimly into the western sky; allowing us to distinguish various bare, bleak, blackish summits, and to catch the curious sense of fantasy which they inspired as seen in the reddish antarctic light against the provocative background of iridescent ice-dust clouds.  In the whole spectacle there was a persistent, pervasive hint of stupendous secrecy and potential revelation.  It was as if these stark, nightmare spires marked the pylons of a frightful gateway into forbidden spheres of dream, and complex gulfs of remote time, space, and ultradimensionality.  I could not help feeling that they were evil things-mountains of madness whose farther slopes looked out over some accursed ultimate abyss.  That seething, half-luminous cloud background held ineffable suggestions of a vague, ethereal beyondness far more than terrestrially spatial, and gave appalling reminders of the utter remoteness, separateness, desolation, and aeon-long death of this untrodden and unfathomed austral world.

It was young Danforth who drew our notice to the curious regularities of the higher mountain skyline-regularities like clinging fragments of perfect cubes, which Lake had mentioned in his messages, and which indeed justified his comparison with the dreamlike suggestions of primordial temple ruins, on cloudy Asian mountaintops so subtly and strangely painted by Roerich.  There was indeed something hauntingly Roerich-like about this whole unearthly continent of mountainous mystery.  I had felt it in October when we first caught sight of Victoria Land, and I felt it afresh now.  I felt, too, another wave of uneasy consciousness of Archaean mythical resemblances; of how disturbingly this lethal realm corresponded to the evilly famed plateau of Leng in the primal writings.  Mythologists have placed Leng in Central Asia; but the racial memory of man-or of his predecessors-is long, and it may well be that certain tales have come down from lands and mountains and temples of horror earlier than Asia and earlier than any human world we know.  A few daring mystics have hinted at a pre-Pleistocene origin for the fragmentary Pnakotic Manuscripts, and have suggested that the devotees of Tsathoggua were as alien to mankind as Tsathoggua itself.  Leng, wherever in space or time it might brood, was not a region I would care to be in or near, nor did I relish the proximity of a world that had ever bred such ambiguous and Archaean monstrosities as those Lake had just mentioned.  At the moment I felt sorry that I had ever read the abhorred Necronomicon, or talked so much with that unpleasantly erudite folklorist Wilmarth at the university.

This mood undoubtedly served to aggravate my reaction to the bizarre mirage which burst upon us from the increasingly opalescent zenith as we drew near the mountains and began to make out the cumulative undulations of the foothills.  I had seen dozens of polar mirages during the preceding weeks, some of them quite as uncanny and fantastically vivid as the present example; but this one had a wholly novel and obscure quality of menacing symbolism, and I shuddered as the seething labyrinth of fabulous walls and towers and minarets loomed out of the troubled ice vapors above our heads.

The effect was that of a Cyclopean city of no architecture known to man or to human imagination, with vast aggregations of night-black masonry embodying monstrous perversions of geometrical laws.  There were truncated cones, sometimes terraced or fluted, surmounted by tall cylindrical shafts here and there bulbously enlarged and often capped with tiers of thinnish scalloped disks; and strange beetling, table-like constructions suggesting piles of multitudinous rectangular slabs or circular plates or five-pointed stars with each one overlapping the one beneath.  There were composite cones and pyramids either alone or surmounting cylinders or cubes or flatter truncated cones and pyramids, and occasional needle-like spires in curious clusters of five.  All of these febrile structures seemed knit together by tubular bridges crossing from one to the other at various dizzy heights, and the implied scale of the whole was terrifying and oppressive in its sheer gigantism.  The general type of mirage was not unlike some of the wilder forms observed and drawn by the arctic whaler Scoresby in 1820, but at this time and place, with those dark, unknown mountain peaks soaring stupendously ahead, that anomalous elder-world discovery in our minds, and the pall of probable disaster enveloping the greater part of our expedition, we all seemed to find in it a taint of latent malignity and infinitely evil portent.

I was glad when the mirage began to break up, though in the process the various nightmare turrets and cones assumed distorted, temporary forms of even vaster hideousness.  As the whole illusion dissolved to churning opalescence we began to look earthward again, and saw that our journey ’ s end was not far off.  The unknown mountains ahead rose dizzily up like a fearsome rampart of giants, their curious regularities showing with startling clearness even without a field glass.  We were over the lowest foothills now, and could see amidst the snow, ice, and bare patches of their main plateau a couple of darkish spots which we took to be Lake ’ s camp and boring.  The higher foothills shot up between five and six miles away, forming a range almost distinct from the terrifying line of more than Himalayan peaks beyond them.  At length Ropes-the student who had relieved McTighe at the controls-began to head downward toward the left-hand dark spot whose size marked it as the camp.  As he did so, McTighe sent out the last uncensored wireless message the world was to receive from our expedition.

Everyone, of course, has read the brief and unsatisfying bulletins of the rest of our antarctic sojourn.  Some hours after our landing we sent a guarded report of the tragedy we found, and reluctantly announced the wiping out of the whole Lake party by the frightful wind of the preceding day, or of the night before that.  Eleven known dead, young Gedney missing.  People pardoned our hazy lack of details through realization of the shock the sad event must have caused us, and believed us when we explained that the mangling action of the wind had rendered all eleven bodies unsuitable for transportation outside.  Indeed, I flatter myself that even in the midst of our distress, utter bewilderment, and soul-clutching horror, we scarcely went beyond the truth in any specific instance.  The tremendous significance lies in what we dared not tell; what I would not tell now but for the need of warning others off from nameless terrors.

It is a fact that the wind had brought dreadful havoc.  Whether all could have lived through it, even without the other thing, is gravely open to doubt.  The storm, with its fury of madly driven ice particles, must have been beyond anything our expedition had encountered before.  One aeroplane shelter-wall, it seems, had been left in a far too flimsy and inadequate state-was nearly pulverized-and the derrick at the distant boring was entirely shaken to pieces.  The exposed metal of the grounded planes and drilling machinery was bruised into a high polish, and two of the small tents were flattened despite their snow banking.  Wooden surfaces left out in the blaster were pitted and denuded of paint, and all signs of tracks in the snow were completely obliterated.  It is also true that we found none of the Archaean biological objects in a condition to take outside as a whole.  We did gather some minerals from a vast, tumbled pile, including several of the greenish soapstone fragments whose odd five-pointed rounding and faint patterns of grouped dots caused so many doubtful comparisons; and some fossil bones, among which were the most typical of the curiously injured specimens.

None of the dogs survived, their hurriedly built snow inclosure near the camp being almost wholly destroyed.  The wind may have done that, though the greater breakage on the side next the camp, which was not the windward one, suggests an outward leap or break of the frantic beasts themselves.  All three sledges were gone, and we have tried to explain that the wind may have blown them off into the unknown.  The drill and ice-melting machinery at the boring were too badly damaged to warrant salvage, so we used them to choke up that subtly disturbing gateway to the past which Lake had blasted.  We likewise left at the camp the two most shaken up of the planes; since our surviving party had only four real pilots-Sherman, Danforth, McTighe, and Ropes-in all, with Danforth in a poor nervous shape to navigate.  We brought back all the books, scientific equipment, and other incidentals we could find, though much was rather unaccountably blown away.  Spare tents and furs were either missing or badly out of condition.

It was approximately 4 P.  M., after wide plane cruising had forced us to give Gedney up for lost, that we sent our guarded message to the Arkham for relaying; and I think we did well to keep it as calm and noncommittal as we succeeded in doing.  The most we said about agitation concerned our dogs, whose frantic uneasiness near the biological specimens was to be expected from poor Lake ’ s accounts.  We did not mention, I think, their display of the same uneasiness when sniffing around the queer greenish soapstones and certain other objects in the disordered region-objects including scientific instruments, aeroplanes, and machinery, both at the camp and at the boring, whose parts had been loosened, moved, or otherwise tampered with by winds that must have harbored singular curiosity and investigativeness.

About the fourteen biological specimens, we were pardonably indefinite.  We said that the only ones we discovered were damaged, but that enough was left of them to prove Lake ’ s description wholly and impressively accurate.  It was hard work keeping our personal emotions out of this matter-and we did not mention numbers or say exactly how we had found those which we did find.  We had by that time agreed not to transmit anything suggesting madness on the part of Lake ’ s men, and it surely looked like madness to find six imperfect monstrosities carefully buried upright in nine-foot snow graves under five-pointed mounds punched over with groups of dots in patterns exactly those on the queer greenish soapstones dug up from Mesozoic or Tertiary times.  The eight perfect specimens mentioned by Lake seemed to have been completely blown away.

We were careful, too, about the public ’ s general peace of mind; hence Danforth and I said little about that frightful trip over the mountains the next day.  It was the fact that only a radically lightened plane could possibly cross a range of such height, which mercifully limited that scouting tour to the two of us.  On our return at one A.  M., Danforth was close to hysterics, but kept an admirably stiff upper lip.  It took no persuasion to make him promise not to show our sketches and the other things we brought away in our pockets, not to say anything more to the others than what we had agreed to relay outside, and to hide our camera films for private development later on; so that part of my present story will be as new to Pabodie, McTighe, Ropes, Sherman, and the rest as it will be to the world in general.  Indeed, Danforth is closer mouthed than I: for he saw, or thinks he saw, one thing he will not tell even me.

As all know, our report included a tale of a hard ascent-a confirmation of Lake ’ s opinion that the great peaks are of Archaean slate and other very primal crumpled strata unchanged since at least middle Comanchian times; a conventional comment on the regularity of the clinging cube and rampart formations; a decision that the cave mouths indicate dissolved calcaerous veins; a conjecture that certain slopes and passes would permit of the scaling and crossing of the entire range by seasoned mountaineers; and a remark that the mysterious other side holds a lofty and immense superplateau as ancient and unchanging as the mountains themselves-twenty thousand feet in elevation, with grotesque rock formations protruding through a thin glacial layer and with low gradual foothills between the general plateau surface and the sheer precipices of the highest peaks.

This body of data is in every respect true so far as it goes, and it completely satisfied the men at the camp.  We laid our absence of sixteen hours-a longer time than our announced flying, landing, reconnoitering, and rock-collecting program called for-to a long mythical spell of adverse wind conditions, and told truly of our landing on the farther foothills.  Fortunately our tale sounded realistic and prosaic enough not to tempt any of the others into emulating our flight.  Had any tried to do that, I would have used every ounce of my persuasion to stop them-and I do not know what Danforth would have done.  While we were gone, Pabodie, Sherman, Ropes, McTighe, and Williamson had worked like beavers over Lake ’ s two best planes, fitting them again for use despite the altogether unaccountable juggling of their operative mechanism.

We decided to load all the planes the next morning and start back for our old base as soon as possible.  Even though indirect, that was the safest way to work toward McMurdo Sound; for a straightline flight across the most utterly unknown stretches of the aeon-dead continent would involve many additional hazards.  Further exploration was hardly feasible in view of our tragic decimation and the ruin of our drilling machinery.  The doubts and horrors around us-which we did not reveal-made us wish only to escape from this austral world of desolation and brooding madness as swiftly as we could.

As the public knows, our return to the world was accomplished without further disasters.  All planes reached the old base on the evening of the next day-january 27th-after a swift nonstop flight; and on the 28th we made McMurdo Sound in two laps, the one pause being very brief, and occasioned by a faulty rudder in the furious wind over the ice shelf after we had cleared the great plateau.  In five days more, the Arkham and Miskatonic, with all hands and equipment on board, were shaking clear of the thickening field ice and working up Ross Sea with the mocking mountains of Victoria Land looming westward against a troubled antarctic sky and twisting the wind ’ s wails into a wide-ranged musical piping which chilled my soul to the quick.  Less than a fortnight later we left the last hint of polar land behind us and thanked heaven that we were clear of a haunted, accursed realm where life and death, space and time, have made black and blasphemous alliances, in the unknown epochs since matter first writhed and swam on the planet ’ s scarce-cooled crust.

Since our return we have all constantly worked to discourage antarctic exploration, and have kept certain doubts and guesses to ourselves with splendid unity and faithfulness.  Even young Danforth, with his nervous breakdown, has not flinched or babbled to his doctors-indeed, as I have said, there is one thing he thinks he alone saw which he will not tell even me, though I think it would help his psychological state if he would consent to do so.  It might explain and relieve much, though perhaps the thing was no more than the delusive aftermath of an earlier shock.  That is the impression I gather after those rare, irresponsible moments when he whispers disjointed things to me-things which he repudiates vehemently as soon as he gets a grip on himself again.

It will be hard work deterring others from the great white south, and some of our efforts may directly harm our cause by drawing inquiring notice.  We might have known from the first that human curiosity is undying, and that the results we announced would be enough to spur others ahead on the same age-long pursuit of the unknown.  Lake ’ s reports of those biological monstrosities had aroused naturalists and paleontologists to the highest pitch, though we were sensible enough not to show the detached parts we had taken from the actual buried specimens, or our photographs of those specimens as they were found.  We also refrained from showing the more puzzling of the scarred bones and greenish soapstones; while Dan-forth and I have closely guarded the pictures we took or drew on the superplateau across the range, and the crumpled things we smoothed, studied in terror, and brought away in our pockets.

But now that Starkweather-Moore party is organizing, and with a thoroughness far beyond anything our outfit attempted.  If not dissuaded, they will get to the innermost nucleus of the antarctic and melt and bore till they bring up that which we know may end the world.  So I must break through all reticences at last-even about that ultimate, nameless thing beyond the mountains of madness.
IV

It is only with vast hesitancy and repugnance that I let my mind go back to Lake ’ s camp and what we really found there-and to that other thing beyond the mountains of madness.  I am constantly tempted to shirk the details, and to let hints stand for actual facts and ineluctable deductions.  I hope I have said enough already to let me glide briefly over the rest; the rest, that is, of the horror at the camp.  I have told of the wind-ravaged terrain, the damaged shelters, the disarranged machinery, the varied uneasiness of our dogs, the missing sledges and other items, the deaths of men and dogs, the absence of Gedney, and the six insanely buried biological specimens, strangely sound in texture for all their structural injuries, from a world forty million years dead.  I do not recall whether I mentioned that upon checking up the canine bodies we found one dog missing.  We did not think much about that till later-indeed, only Danforth and I have thought of it at all.

The principal things I have been keeping back relate to the bodies, and to certain subtle points which may or may not lend a hideous and incredible kind of rationale to the apparent chaos.  At the time, I tried to keep the men ’ s minds off those points; for it was so much simpler-so much more normal-to lay everything to an outbreak of madness on the part of some of Lake ’ s party.  From the look of things, that demon mountain wind must have been enough to drive any man mad in the midst of this center of all earthly mystery and desolation.

The crowning abnormality, of course, was the condition of the bodies-men and dogs alike.  They had all been in some terrible kind of conflict, and were torn and mangled in fiendish and altogether inexplicable ways.  Death, so far as we could judge, had in each case come from strangulation or laceration.  The dogs had evidently started the trouble, for the state of their ill-built corral bore witness to its forcible breakage from within.  It had been set some distance from the camp because of the hatred of the animals for those hellish Archaean organisms, but the precaution seemed to have been taken in vain.  When left alone in that monstrous wind, behind flimsy walls of insufficient height, they must have stampeded-whether from the wind itself, or from some subtle, increasing odor emitted by the nightmare specimens, one could not say.

But whatever had happened, it was hideous and revolting enough.  Perhaps I had better put squeamishness aside and tell the worst at last-though with a categorical statement of opinion, based on the first-hand observations and most rigid deductions of both Danforth and myself, that the then missing Gedney was in no way responsible for the loathsome horrors we found.  I have said that the bodies were frightfully mangled.  Now I must add that some were incised and subtracted from in the most curious, cold-blooded, and inhuman fashion.  It was the same with dogs and men.  All the healthier, fatter bodies, quadrupedal or bipedal, had had their most solid masses of tissue cut out and removed, as by a careful butcher; and around them was a strange sprinkling of salt-taken from the ravaged provision chests on the planes-which conjured up the most horrible associations.  The thing had occurred in one of the crude aeroplane shelters from which the plane had been dragged out, and subsequent winds had effaced all tracks which could have supplied any plausible theory.  Scattered bits of clothing, roughly slashed from the human incision subjects, hinted no clues.  It is useless to bring up the half impression of certain faint snow prints in one shielded corner of the ruined inclosure-because that impression did not concern human prints at all, but was clearly mixed up with all the talk of fossil prints which poor Lake had been giving throughout the preceding weeks.  One had to be careful of one ’ s imagination in the lee of those overshadowing mountains of madness.

As I have indicated, Gedney and one dog turned out to be missing in the end.  When we came on that terrible shelter we had missed two dogs and two men; but the fairly unharmed dissecting tent, which we entered after investigating the monstrous graves, had something to reveal.  It was not as Lake had left it, for the covered parts of the primal monstrosity had been removed from the improvised table.  Indeed, we had already realized that one of the six imperfect and insanely buried things we had found-the one with the trace of a peculiarly hateful odor-must represent the collected sections of the entity which Lake had tried to analyze.  On and around that laboratory table were strewn other things, and it did not take long for us to guess that those things were the carefully though oddly and inexpertly dissected parts of one man and one dog.  I shall spare the feelings of survivors by omitting mention of the man ’ s identity.  Lake ’ s anatomical instruments were missing, but there were evidences of their careful cleansing.  The gasoline stove was also gone, though around it we found a curious litter of matches.  We buried the human parts beside the other ten men; and the canine parts with the other thirty-five dogs.  Concerning the bizarre smudges on the laboratory table, and on the jumble of roughly handled illustrated books scattered near it, we were much too bewildered to speculate.

This formed the worst of the camp horror, but other things were equally perplexing.  The disappearance of Gedney, the one dog, the eight uninjured biological specimens, the three sledges, and certain instruments, illustrated technical and scientific books, writing materials, electric torches and batteries, food and fuel, heating apparatus, spare tents, fur suits, and the like, was utterly beyond sane conjecture; as were likewise the spatter-fringed ink blots on certain pieces of paper, and the evidences of curious alien fumbling and experimentation around the planes and all other mechanical devices both at the camp and at the boring.  The dogs seemed to abhor this oddly disordered machinery.  Then, too, there was the upsetting of the larder, the disappearance of certain staples, and the jarringly comical heap of tin cans pried open in the most unlikely ways and at the most unlikely places.  The profusion of scattered matches, intact, broken, or spent, formed another minor enigma-as did the two or three tent cloths and fur suits which we found lying about with peculiar and unorthodox slashings conceivably due to clumsy efforts at unimaginable adaptations.  The maltreatment of the human and canine bodies, and the crazy burial of the damaged Archaean specimens, were all of a piece with this apparent disintegrative madness.  In view of just such an eventuality as the present one, we carefully photographed all the main evidences of insane disorder at the camp; and shall use the prints to buttress our pleas against the departure of the proposed Starkweather-Moore Expedition.

Our first act after finding the bodies in the shelter was to photograph and open the row of insane graves with the five-pointed snow mounds.  We could not help noticing the resemblance of these monstrous mounds, with their clusters of grouped dots, to poor Lake ’ s descriptions of the strange greenish soapstones; and when we came on some of the soapstones themselves in the great mineral pile, we found the likeness very close indeed.  The whole general formation, it must be made clear, seemed abominably suggestive of the starfish head of the Archaean entities; and we agreed that the suggestion must have worked potently upon the sensitized minds of Lake ’ s overwrought party.

For madness-centering in Gedney as the only possible surviving agent-was the explanation spontaneously adopted by everybody so far as spoken utterance was concerned; though I will not be so naive as to deny that each of us may have harbored wild guesses which sanity forbade him to formulate completely.  Sherman, Pabodie, and McTighe made an exhaustive aeroplane cruise over all the surrounding territory in the afternoon, sweeping the horizon with field glasses in quest of Gedney and of the various missing things; but nothing came to light.  The party reported that the titan barrier range extended endlessly to right and left alike, without any diminution in height or essential structure.  On some of the peaks, though, the regular cube and rampart formations were bolder and plainer, having doubly fantastic similitudes to Roerich-painted Asian hill ruins.  The distribution of cryptical cave mouths on the black snow-denuded summits seemed roughly even as far as the range could be traced.

In spite of all the prevailing horrors, we were left with enough sheer scientific zeal and adventurousness to wonder about the unknown realm beyond those mysterious mountains.  As our guarded messages stated, we rested at midnight after our day of terror and bafflement-but not without a tentative plan for one or more range-crossing altitude flights in a lightened plane with aerial camera and geologist ’ s outfit, beginning the following morning.  It was decided that Danforth and I try it first, and we awaked at 7 A.  M.  intending an early flight; however, heavy winds-mentioned in our brief, bulletin to the outside world-delayed our start till nearly nine o ’ clock.

I have already repeated the noncommittal story we told the men at camp-and relayed outside-after our return sixteen hours later.  It is now my terrible duty to amplify this account by filling in the merciful blanks with hints of what we really saw in the hidden transmontane world-hints of the revelations which have finally driven Danforth to a nervous collapse.  I wish he would add a really frank word about the thing which he thinks he alone saw-even though it was probably a nervous delusion-and which was perhaps the last straw that put him where he is; but he is firm against that.  All I can do is to repeat his later disjointed whispers about what set him shrieking as the plane soared back through the wind-tortured mountain pass after that real and tangible shock which I shared.  This will form my last word.  If the plain signs of surviving elder horrors in what I disclose be not enough to keep others from meddling with the inner antarctic-or at least from prying too deeply beneath the surface of that ultimate waste of forbidden secrets and inhuman, aeon-cursed desolation-the responsibility for unnamable and perhaps immeasurable evils will not be mine.

Danforth and I, studying the notes made by Pabodie in his afternoon flight and checking up with a sextant, had calculated that the lowest available pass in the range lay somewhat to the right of us, within sight of camp, and about twenty-three thousand or twenty-four thousand feet above sea level.  For this point, then, we first headed in the lightened plane as we embarked on our flight of discovery.  The camp itself, on foothills which sprang from a high continental plateau, was some twelve thousand feet in altitude; hence the actual height increase necessary was not so vast as it might seem.  Nevertheless we were actually conscious of the rarefied air and intense cold as we rose; for, on account of visibility conditions, we had to leave the cabin windows open.  We were dressed, of course, in our heaviest furs.

As we drew near the forbidding peaks, dark and sinister above the line of crevasse-riven snow and interstitial glaciers, we noticed more and more the curiously regular formations clinging to the slopes; and thought again of the strange Asian paintings of Nicholas Roerich.  The ancient and wind-weathered rock strata fully verified all of Lake ’ s bulletins, and proved that these pinnacles had been towering up in exactly the same way since.  a surprisingly early time in earth ’ s history-perhaps over fifty million years.  How much higher they had once been, it was futile to guess; but everything about this strange region pointed to obscure atmospheric influences unfavorable to change, and calculated to retard the usual climatic processes of rock disintegration.

But it was the mountainside tangle of regular cubes, ramparts, and cave mouths which fascinated and disturbed us most.  I studied them with a field glass and took aerial photographs while Danforth drove; and at times I relieved him at the controls-though my aviation knowledge was purely an amateur ’ s-in order to let him use the binoculars.  We could easily see that much of the material of the things was a lightish Archaean quartzite, unlike any formation visible over broad areas of the general surface; and that their regularity was extreme and uncanny to an extent which poor Lake had scarcely hinted.

As he had said, their edges were crumbled and rounded from untold aeons of savage weathering; but their preternatural solidity and tough material had saved them from obliteration.  Many parts, especially those closest to the slopes, seemed identical in substance with the surrounding rock surface.  The whole arrangement looked like the ruins of Macchu Picchu in the Andes, or the primal foundation walls of Kish as dug up by the Oxford Field Museum Expedition in 1929; and both Danforth and I obtained that occasional impression of separate Cyclopean blocks which Lake had attributed to his flight-companion Carroll.  How to account for such things in this place was frankly beyond me, and I felt queerly humbled as a geologist.  Igneous formations often have strange regularities-like the famous Giants ’ Causeway in Ireland-but this stupendous range, despite Lake ’ s original suspicion of smoking cones, was above all else nonvolcanic in evident structure.

The curious cave mouths, near which the odd formations seemed most abundant, presented another albeit a lesser puzzle because of their regularity of outline.  They were, as Lake ’ s bulletin had said, often approximately square or semicircular; as if the natural orifices had been shaped to greater symmetry by some magic hand.  Their numerousness and wide distribution were remarkable, and suggested that the whole region was honeycombed with tunnels dissolved out of limestone strata.  Such glimpses as we secured did not extend far within the caverns, but we saw that they were apparently clear of stalactites and stalagmites.  Outside, those parts of the mountain slopes adjoining the apertures seemed invariably smooth and regular; and Danforth thought that the slight cracks and pittings of the weathering tended toward unusual patterns.  Filled as he was with the horrors and strangenesses discovered at the camp, he hinted that the pittings vaguely resembled those baffling groups of dots sprinkled over the primeval greenish soapstones, so hideously duplicated on the madly conceived snow mounds above those six buried monstrosities.

We had risen gradually in flying over the higher foothills and along toward the relatively low pass we had selected.  As we advanced we occasionally looked down at the snow and ice of the land route, wondering whether we could have attempted the trip with the simpler equipment of earlier days.  Somewhat to our surprise we saw that the terrain was far from difficult as such things go; and that despite the crevasses and other bad spots it would not have been likely to deter the sledges of a Scott, a Shackleton, or an Amundsen.  Some of the glaciers appeared to lead up to wind-bared passes with unusual continuity, and upon reaching our chosen pass we found that its case formed no exception.

Our sensations of tense expectancy as we prepared to round the crest and peer out over an untrodden world can hardly be described on paper; even though we had no cause to think the regions beyond the range essentially different from those already seen and traversed.  The touch of evil mystery in these barrier mountains, and in the beckoning sea of opalescent sky glimpsed betwixt their summits, was a highly subtle and attenuated matter not to be explained in literal words.  Rather was it an affair of vague psychological symbolism and aesthetic association-a thing mixed up with exotic poetry and paintings, and with archaic myths lurking in shunned and forbidden volumes.  Even the wind ’ s burden held a peculiar strain of conscious malignity; and for a second it seemed that the composite sound included a bizarre musical whistling or piping over a wide range as the blast swept in and out of the omnipresent and resonant cave mouths.  There was a cloudy note of reminiscent repulsion in this sound, as complex and unplaceable as any of the other dark impressions.

We were now, after a slow ascent, at a height of twenty-three thousand, five hundred and seventy feet according to the aneroid; and had left the region of clinging snow definitely below us.  Up here were only dark, bare rock slopes and the start of rough-ribbed glaciers-but with those provocative cubes, ramparts, and echoing cave mouths to add a portent of the unnatural, the fantastic, and the dreamlike.  Looking along the line of high peaks, I thought I could see the one mentioned by poor Lake, with a rampart exactly on top.  It seemed to be half lost in a queer antarctic haze-such a haze, perhaps, as had been responsible for Lake ’ s early notion of volcanism.  The pass loomed directly before us, smooth and windswept between its jagged and malignly frowning pylons.  Beyond it was a sky fretted with swirling vapors and lighted by the low polar sun-the sky of that mysterious farther realm upon which we felt no human eye had ever gazed.

A few more feet of altitude and we would behold that realm.  Danforth and I, unable to speak except in shouts amidst the howling, piping wind that raced through the pass and added to the noise of the unmuffled engines, exchanged eloquent glances.  And then, having gained those last few feet, we did indeed stare across the momentous divide and over the unsampled secrets of an elder and utterly alien earth.
V

I think that both of us simultaneously cried out in mixed awe, wonder, terror, and disbelief in our own senses as we finally cleared the pass and saw what lay beyond.  Of course, we must have had some natural theory in the back of our heads to steady our faculties for the moment.  Probably we thought of such things as the grotesquely weathered stones of the Garden of the Gods in Colorado, or the fantastically symmetrical wind-carved rocks of the Arizona desert.  Perhaps we even half thought the sight a mirage like that we had seen the morning before on first approaching those mountains of madness.  We must have had some such normal notions to fall back upon as our eyes swept that limitless, tempest-scarred plateau and grasped the almost endless labyrinth of colossal, regular, and geometrically eurythmic stone masses which reared their crumbled and pitted crests above a glacial sheet not more than forty or fifty feet deep at its thickest, and in places obviously thinner.

The effect of the monstrous sight was indescribable, for some fiendish violation of known natural law seemed certain at the outset.  Here, on a hellishly ancient table-land fully twenty thousand feet high, and in a climate deadly to habitation since a prehuman age not less than five hundred thousand years ago, there stretched nearly to the vision ’ s limit a tangle of orderly stone which only the desperation of mental self-defense could possibly attribute to any but conscious and artificial cause.  We had previously dismissed, so far as serious thought was concerned, any theory that the cubes and ramparts of the mountainsides were other than natural in origin.  How could they be otherwise, when man himself could scarcely have been differentiated from the great apes at the time when this region succumbed to the present unbroken reign of glacial death?

Yet now the sway of reason seemed irrefutably shaken, for this Cyclopean maze of squared, curved, and angled blocks had features which cut off all comfortable refuge.  It was, very clearly, the blasphemous city of the mirage in stark, objective, and ineluctable reality.  That damnable portent had had a material basis after all-there had been some horizontal stratum of ice dust in the upper air, and this shocking stone survival had projected its image across the mountains according to the simple laws of reflection, Of course, the phantom had been twisted and exaggerated, and had contained things which the real source did not contain; yet now, as we saw that real source, we thought it even more hideous and menacing than its distant image.

Only the incredible, unhuman massiveness of these vast stone towers and ramparts had saved the frightful things from utter annihilation in the hundreds of thousands-perhaps millions-of years it had brooded there amidst the blasts of a bleak upland.  "Corona Mundi-Roof of the World-[[All sorts of fantastic phrases sprang to our lips as we looked dizzily down at the unbelievable spectacle.  I thought again of the eldritch primal myths that had so persistently haunted me since my first sight of this dead antarctic world-of the demoniac plateau of Leng, of the Mi-Go, or abominable Snow Men of the Himalayas, of the Pnakotic Manuscripts with their prehuman implications, of the Cthulhu cult, of the Necronomicon, and of the Hyperborean legends of formless Tsathoggua and the worse than formless star spawn associated with that semientity.

For boundless miles in every direction the thing stretched off with very little thinning; indeed, as our eyes followed it to the right and left along the base of the low, gradual foothills which separated it from the actual mountain rim, we decided that we could see no thinning at all except for an interruption at the left of the pass through which we had come.  We had merely struck, at random, a limited part of something of incalculable extent.  The foothills were more sparsely sprinkled with grotesque stone structures, linking the terrible city to the already familiar cubes and ramparts which evidently formed its mountain outposts.  These latter, as well as the queer cave mouths, were as thick on the inner as on the outer sides of the mountains.

The nameless stone labyrinth consisted, for the most part, of walls from ten to one hundred and fifty feet in ice-clear height, and of a thickness varying from five to ten feet.  It was composed mostly of prodigious blocks of dark primordial slate, schist, and sandstone-blocks in many cases as large as 4 x 6 x 8 feet-though in several places it seemed to be carved out of a solid, uneven bed rock of preCambrian slate.  The buildings were far from equal in size, there being innumerable honeycomb arrangements of enormous extent as well as smaller separate structures.  The general shape of these things tended to be conical, pyramidal, or terraced; though there were many perfect cylinders, perfect cubes, clusters of cubes, and other rectangular forms, and a peculiar sprinkling of angled edifices whose five-pointed ground plan roughly suggested modern fortifications.  The builders had made constant and expert use of the principle of the arch, and domes had probably existed in the city ’ s heyday.

The whole tangle was monstrously weathered, and the glacial surface from which the towers projected was strewn with fallen blocks and immemorial debris.  Where the glaciation was transparent we could see the lower parts of the gigantic piles, and we noticed the ice-preserved stone bridges which connected the different towers at varying distances above the ground.  On the exposed walls we could detect the scarred places where other and higher bridges of the same sort had existed.  Closer inspection revealed countless largish windows; some of which were closed with shutters of a petrified material originally wood, though most gaped open in a sinister and menacing fashion.  Many of the ruins, of course, were roofless, and with uneven though wind-rounded upper edges; whilst others, of a more sharply conical or pyramidal model or else protected by higher surrounding structures, preserved intact outlines despite the omnipresent crumbling and pitting.  With the field glass we could barely make out what seemed to be sculptural decorations in horizontal bands-decorations including those curious groups of dots whose presence on the ancient soapstones now assumed a vastly larger significance.

In many places the buildings were totally ruined and the ice sheet deeply riven from various geologic causes.  In other places the stonework was worn down to the very level of the glaciation.  One broad swath, extending from the plateau ’ s interior, to a cleft in the foothills about a mile to the left of the pass we had traversed, was wholly free from buildings.  It probably represented, we concluded, the course of some great river which in Tertiary times-millions of years ago-had poured through the city and into some prodigious subterranean abyss of the great barrier range.  Certainly, this was above all a region of caves, gulfs, and underground secrets beyond human penetration.

Looking back to our sensations, and recalling our dazedness at viewing this monstrous survival from aeons we had thought prehuman, I can only wonder that we preserved the semblance of equilibrium, which we did.  Of course, we knew that something-chronology, scientific theory, or our own consciousness-was woefully awry; yet we kept enough poise to guide the plane, observe many things quite minutely, and take a careful series of photographs which may yet serve both us and the world in good stead.  In my case, ingrained scientific habit may have helped; for above all my bewilderment and sense of menace, there burned a dominant curiosity to fathom more of this age-old secret-to know what sort of beings had built and lived in this incalculably gigantic place, and what relation to the general world of its time or of other times so unique a concentration of life could have had.

For this place could be no ordinary city.  It must have formed the primary nucleus and center of some archaic and unbelievable chapter of earth ’ s history whose outward ramifications, recalled only dimly in the most obscure and distorted myths, had vanished utterly amidst the chaos of terrene convulsions long before any human race we know had shambled out of apedom.  Here sprawled a Palaeogaean megalopolis compared with which the fabled Atlantis and Lemuria, Commoriom and Uzuldaroum, and Olathoc in the land of Lomar, are recent things of today-not even of yesterday; a megalopolis ranking with such whispered prehuman blasphemies as Valusia, R ’ lyeh, Ib in the land of Mnar, and the Nameless city of Arabia Deserta.  As we flew above that tangle of stark titan towers my imagination sometimes escaped all bounds and roved aimlessly in realms of fantastic associations-even weaving links betwixt this lost world and some of my own wildest dreams concerning the mad horror at the camp.

The plane ’ s fuel tank, in the interest of greater lightness, had been only partly filled; hence we now had to exert caution in our explorations.  Even so, however, we covered an enormous extent of ground-or, rather, air-after swooping down to a level where the wind became virtually negligible.  There seemed to be no limit to the mountain range, or to the length of the frightful stone city which bordered its inner foothills.  Fifty miles of flight in each direction showed no major change in the labyrinth of rock and masonry that clawed up corpselike through the eternal ice.  There were, though, some highly absorbing diversifications; such as the carvings on the canyon where that broad river had once pierced the foothills and approached its sinking place in the great range.  The headlands at the stream ’ s entrance had been boldly carved into Cyclopean pylons; and something about the ridgy, barrel-shaped designs stirred up oddly vague, hateful, and confusing semi-remembrances in both Danforth and me.

We also came upon several star-shaped open spaces, evidently public squares, and noted various undulations in the terrain.  Where a sharp hill rose, it was generally hollowed out into some sort of rambling-stone edifice; but there were at least two exceptions.  Of these latter, one was too badly weathered to disclose what had been on the jutting eminence, while the other still bore a fantastic conical monument carved out of the solid rock and roughly resembling such things as the well-known Snake Tomb in the ancient valley of Petra.

Flying inland from the mountains, we discovered that the city was not of infinite width, even though its length along the foothills seemed endless.  After about thirty miles the grotesque stone buildings began to thin out, and in ten more miles we came to an unbroken waste virtually without signs of sentient artifice.  The course of the river beyond the city seemed marked by a broad, depressed line, while the land assumed a somewhat greater ruggedness, seeming to slope slightly upward as it receded in the mist-hazed west.

So far we had made no landing, yet to leave the plateau without an attempt at entering some of the monstrous structures would have been inconceivable.  Accordingly, we decided to find a smooth place on the foothills near our navigable pass, there grounding the plane and preparing to do some exploration on foot.  Though these gradual slopes were partly covered with a scattering of ruins, low flying soon disclosed an ampler number of possible landing places.  Selecting that nearest to the pass, since our flight would be across the great range and back to camp, we succeeded about 12: 30 P.  M.  in effecting a landing on a smooth, hard snow field wholly devoid of obstacles and well adapted to a swift and favorable take-off later on.

It did not seem necessary to protect the plane with a snow banking for so brief a time and in so comfortable an absence of high winds at this level; hence we merely saw that the landing skis were safely lodged, and that the vital parts of the mechanism were guarded against the cold.  For our foot journey we discarded the heaviest of our flying furs, and took with us a small outfit consisting of pocket compass, hand camera, light provisions, voluminous notebooks and paper, geologist ’ s hammer and chisel, specimen bags, coil of climbing rope, and powerful electric torches with extra batteries; this equipment having been carried in the plane on the chance that we might be able to effect a landing, take ground pictures, make drawings and topographical sketches, and obtain rock specimens from some bare slope, outcropping, or mountain cave.  Fortunately we had a supply of extra paper to tear up, place in a spare specimen bag, and use on the ancient principle of hare and hounds for marking our course in any interior mazes we might be able to penetrate.  This had been brought in case we found some cave system with air quiet enough to allow such a rapid and easy method in place of the usual rock-chipping method of trail blazing.

Walking cautiously downhill over the crusted snow toward the stupendous stone labyrinth that loomed against the opalescent west, we felt almost as keen a sense of imminent marvels as we had felt on approaching the unfathomed mountain pass four hours previously.  True, we had become visually familiar with the incredible secret concealed by the barrier peaks; yet the prospect of actually entering primordial walls reared by conscious beings perhaps millions of years ago-before any known race of men could have existed-was none the less awesome and potentially terrible in its implications of cosmic abnormality.  Though the thinness of the air at this prodigious altitude made exertion somewhat more difficult than usual, both Danforth and I found ourselves bearing up very well, and felt equal to almost any task which might fall to our lot.  It took only a few steps to bring us to a shapeless ruin worn level with the snow, while ten or fifteen rods farther on there was a huge, roofless rampart still complete in its gigantic five-pointed outline and rising to an irregular height of ten or eleven feet.  For this latter we headed; and when at last we were actually able to touch its weathered Cyclopean blocks, we felt that we had established an unprecedented and almost blasphemous link with forgotten aeons normally closed to our species.

This rampart, shaped like a star and perhaps three hundred feet from point to point, was built of Jurassic sandstone blocks of irregular size, averaging 6 x 8 feet in surface.  There was a row of arched loopholes or windows about four feet wide and five feet high, spaced quite symmetrically along the points of the star and at its inner angles, and with the bottoms about four feet from the glaciated surface.  Looking through these, we could see that the masonry was fully five feet thick, that there were no partitions remaining within, and that there were traces of banded carvings or bas-reliefs on the interior walls-facts we had indeed guessed before, when flying low over this rampart and others like it.  Though lower parts must have originally existed, all traces of such things were now wholly obscured by the deep layer of ice and snow at this point.

We crawled through one of the windows and vainly tried to decipher the nearly effaced mural designs, but did not attempt to disturb the glaciated floor.  Our orientation flights had indicated that many buildings in the city proper were less ice-choked, and that we might perhaps find wholly clear interiors leading down to the true ground level if we entered those structures still roofed at the top.  Before we left the rampart we photographed it carefully, and studied its mortar-less Cyclopean masonry with complete bewilderment.  We wished that Pabodie were present, for his engineering knowledge might have helped us guess how such titanic blocks could have been handled in that unbelievably remote age when the city and its outskirts were built up.

The half-mile walk downhill to the actual city, with the upper wind shrieking vainly and savagely through the skyward peaks in the background, was something of which the smallest details will always remain engraved on my mind.  Only in fantastic nightmares could any human beings but Danforth and me conceive such optical effects.  Between us and the churning vapors of the west lay that monstrous tangle of dark stone towers, its outre and incredible forms impressing us afresh at every new angle of vision.  It was a mirage in solid stone, and were it not for the photographs, I would still doubt that such a thing could be.  The general type of masonry was identical with that of the rampart we had examined; but the extravagant shapes which this masonry took in its urban manifestations were past all description.

Even the pictures illustrate only one or two phases of its endless variety, preternatural massiveness, and utterly alien exoticism.  There were geometrical forms for which an Euclid would scarcely find a name-cones of all degrees of irregularity and truncation, terraces of every sort of provocative disproportion, shafts with odd bulbous enlargements, broken columns in curious groups, and five-pointed or five-ridged arrangements of mad grotesqueness.  As we drew nearer we could see beneath certain transparent parts of the ice sheet, and detect some of the tubular stone bridges that connected the crazily sprinkled structures at various heights.  Of orderly streets there seemed to be none, the only broad open swath being a mile to the left, where the ancient river had doubtless flowed through the town into the mountains.

Our field glasses showed the external, horizontal bands of nearly effaced sculptures and dot groups to be very prevalent, and we could half imagine what the city must once have looked like-even though most of the roofs and tower tops had necessarily perished.  As a whole, it had been a complex tangle of twisted lanes and alleys, all of them deep canyons, and some little better than tunnels because of the overhanging masonry or overarching bridges.  Now, outspread below us, it loomed like a dream fantasy against a westward mist through whose northern end the low, reddish antarctic sun of early afternoon was struggling to shine; and when, for a moment, that sun encountered a denser obstruction and plunged the scene into temporary shadow, the effect was subtly menacing in a way I can never hope to depict.  Even the faint howling and piping of the unfelt wind in the great mountain passes behind us took on a wilder note of purposeful malignity.  The last stage of our descent to the town was unusually steep and abrupt, and a rock outcropping at the edge where the grade changed led us to think that an artificial terrace had once existed there.  Under the glaciation, we believed, there must be a flight of steps or its equivalent.

When at last we plunged into the town itself, clambering over fallen masonry and shrinking from the oppressive nearness and dwarfing height of omnipresent crumbling and pitted walls, our sensations again became such that I marvel at the amount of self-control we retained.  Danforth was frankly jumpy, and began making some offensively irrelevant speculations about the horror at the camp-which I resented all the more because I could not help sharing certain conclusions forced upon us by many features of this morbid survival from nightmare antiquity.  The speculations worked on his imagination, too; for in one place-where a debris-littered alley turned a sharp corner-he insisted that he saw faint traces of ground markings which he did not like; whilst elsewhere he stopped to listen to a subtle, imaginary sound from some undefined point-a muffled musical piping, he said, not unlike that of the wind in the mountain caves, yet somehow disturbingly different.  The ceaseless five-pointedness of the surrounding architecture and of the few distinguishable mural arabesques had a dimly sinister suggestiveness we could not escape, and gave us a touch of terrible subconscious certainty concerning the primal entities which had reared and dwelt in this unhallowed place.

Nevertheless, our scientific and adventurous souls were not wholly dead, and we mechanically carried out our program of chipping specimens from all the different rock types represented in the masonry.  We wished a rather full set in order to draw better conclusions regarding the age of the place.  Nothing in the great outer walls seemed to date from later than the Jurassic and Comanchian periods, nor was any piece of stone in the entire place of a greater recency than the Pliocene Age.  In stark certainty, we were wandering amidst a death which had reigned at least five hundred thousand years, and in all probability even longer.

As we proceeded through this maze of stone-shadowed twilight we stopped at all available apertures to study interiors and investigate entrance possibilities.  Some were above our reach, whilst others led only into ice-choked ruins as unroofed and barren as the rampart on the hill.  One, though spacious and inviting, opened on a seemingly bottomless abyss without visible means of descent.  Now and then we had a chance to study the petrified wood of a surviving shutter, and were impressed by the fabulous antiquity implied in the still discernible grain.  These things had come from Mesozoic gymnosperms and conifers-especially Cretaceous cycads-and from fan palms and early angiosperms of plainly Tertiary date.  Nothing definitely later than the Pliocene could be discovered.  In the placing of these shutters-whose edges showed the former presence of queer and long-vanished hinges-usage seemed to be varied-some being on the outer and some on the inner side of the deep embrasures.  They seemed to have become wedged in place, thus surviving the rusting of their former and probably metallic fixtures and fastenings.

After a time we came across a row of windows-in the bulges of a colossal five-edged cone of undamaged apex-which led into a vast, well-preserved room with stone flooring; but these were too high in the room to permit descent without a rope.  We had a rope with us, but did not wish to bother with this twenty-foot drop unless obliged to-especially in this thin plateau air where great demands were made upon the heart action.  This enormous room was probably a hall or concourse of some sort, and our electric torches showed bold, distinct, and potentially startling sculptures arranged round the walls in broad, horizontal bands separated by equally broad strips of conventional arabesques.  We took careful note of this spot, planning to enter here unless a more easily gained interior were encountered.

Finally, though, we did encounter exactly the opening we wished; an archway about six feet wide and ten feet high, marking the former end of an aerial bridge which had spanned an alley about five feet above the present level of glaciation.  These archways, of course, were flush with upper-story floors, and in this case one of the floors still existed.  The building thus accessible was a series of rectangular terraces on our left facing westward.  That across the alley, where the other archway yawned, was a decrepit cylinder with no windows and with a curious bulge about ten feet above the aperture.  It was totally dark inside, and the archway seemed to open on a well of illimitable emptiness.

Heaped debris made the entrance to the vast left-hand building doubly easy, yet for a moment we hesitated before taking advantage of the long-wished chance.  For though we had penetrated into this tangle of archaic mystery, it required fresh resolution to carry us actually inside a complete and surviving building of a fabulous elder world whose nature was becoming more and more hideously plain to us.  In the end, however, we made the plunge, and scrambled up over the rubble into the gaping embrasure.  The floor beyond was of great slate slabs, and seemed to form the outlet of a long, high corridor with sculptured walls.

Observing the many inner archways which led off from it, and realizing the probable complexity of the nest of apartments within, we decided that we must begin our system of hare-and-hound trail blazing.  Hitherto our compasses, together with frequent glimpses of the vast mountain range between the towers in our rear, had been enough to prevent our losing our way; but from now on, the artificial substitute would be necessary.  Accordingly we reduced our extra paper to shreds of suitable size, placed these in a bag to be carried by Danforth, and prepared to use them as economically as safety would allow.  This method would probably gain us immunity from straying, since there did not appear to be any strong air currents inside the primordial masonry.  If such should develop, or if our paper supply should give out, we could of course fall back on the more secure though more tedious and retarding method of rock chipping.

Just how extensive a territory we had opened up, it was impossible to guess without a trial.  The close and frequent connection of the different buildings made it likely that we might cross from one to another on bridges underneath the ice, except where impeded by local collapses and geologic rifts, for very little glaciation seemed to have entered the massive constructions.  Almost all the areas of transparent ice had revealed the submerged windows as tightly shuttered, as if the town had been left in that uniform state until the glacial sheet came to crystallize the lower part for all succeeding time.  Indeed, one gained a curious impression that this place had been deliberately closed and deserted in some dim, bygone aeon, rather than overwhelmed by any sudden calamity or even gradual decay.  Had the coming of the ice been foreseen, and had a nameless population left en masse to seek a less doomed abode? The precise physiographic conditions attending the formation of the ice sheet at this point would have to wait for later solution.  It had not, very plainly, been a grinding drive.  Perhaps the pressure of accumulated snows had been responsible, and perhaps some flood from the river, or from the bursting of some ancient glacial dam in the great range, had helped to create the special state now observable.  Imagination could conceive almost anything in connection with this place.
VI

It would be cumbrous to give a detailed, consecutive account of our wanderings inside that cavernous, aeon-dead honeycomb of primal masonry-that monstrous lair of elder secrets which now echoed for the first time, after uncounted epochs, to the tread of human feet.  This is especially true because so much of the horrible drama and revelation came from a mere study of the omnipresent mural carvings.  Our flashlight photographs of those carvings will do much toward proving the truth of what we are now disclosing, and it is lamentable that we had not a larger film supply with us.  As it was, we made crude notebook sketches of certain salient features after all our films were used up.

The building which we had entered was one of great size and elaborateness, and gave us an impressive notion of the architecture of that nameless geologic past.  The inner partitions were less massive than the outer walls, but on the lower levels were excellently preserved.  Labyrinthine complexity, involving curiously irregular difference in floor levels, characterized the entire arrangement; and we should certainly have been lost at the very outset but for the trail of torn paper left behind us.  We decided to explore the more decrepit upper parts first of all, hence climbed aloft in the maze for a distance of some one hundred feet, to where the topmost tier of chambers yawned snowily and ruinously open to the polar sky.  Ascent was effected over the steep, transversely ribbed stone ramps or inclined planes which everywhere served in lieu of stairs.  The rooms we encountered were of all imaginable shapes and proportions, ranging from five-pointed stars to triangles and perfect cubes.  It might be safe to say that their general average was about 30 x 30 feet in floor area, and 20 feet in height, though many larger apartments existed.  After thoroughly examining the upper regions and the glacial level, we descended, story by story, into the submerged part, where indeed we soon saw we were in a continuous maze of connected chambers and passages probably leading over unlimited areas outside this particular building.  The Cyclopean massiveness and gigantism of everything about us became curiously oppressive; and there was something vaguely but deeply unhuman in all the contours, dimensions, proportions, decorations, and constructional nuances of the blasphemously archaic stonework.  We soon realized, from what the carvings revealed, that this monstrous city was many million years old.

We cannot yet explain the engineering principles used in the anomalous balancing and adjustment of the vast rock masses, though the function of the arch was clearly much relied on.  The rooms we visited were wholly bare of all portable contents, a circumstance which sustained our belief in the city ’ s deliberate desertion.  The prime decorative feature was the almost universal system of mural sculpture, which tended to run in continuous horizontal bands three feet wide and arranged from floor to ceiling in alternation with bands of equal width given over to geometrical arabesques.  There were exceptions to this rule of arrangement, but its preponderance was overwhelming.  Often, however, a series of smooth car-touches containing oddly patterned groups of dots would be sunk along one of the arabesque bands.

The technique, we soon saw, was mature, accomplished, and aesthetically evolved to the highest degree of civilized mastery, though utterly alien in every detail to any known art tradition of the human race.  In delicacy of execution no sculpture I have ever seen could approach it.  The minutest details of elaborate vegetation, or of animal life, were rendered with astonishing vividness despite the bold scale of the carvings; whilst the conventional designs were marvels of skillful intricacy.  The arabesques displayed a profound use of mathematical principles, and were made up of obscurely symmetrical curves and angles based on the quantity of five.  The pictorial bands followed a highly formalized tradition, and involved a peculiar treatment of perspective, but had an artistic force that moved us profoundly, notwithstanding the intervening gulf of vast geologic periods.  Their method of design hinged on a singular juxtaposition of the cross section with the two-dimensional silhouette, and embodied an analytical psychology beyond that of any known race of antiquity.  It is useless to try to compare this art with any represented in our museums.  Those who see our photographs will probably find its closest analogue in certain grotesque conceptions of the most daring futurists.

The arabesque tracery consisted altogether of depressed lines, whose depth on unweathered walls varied from one to two inches.  When cartouches with dot groups appeared-evidently as inscriptions in some unknown and primordial language and alphabet-the depression of the smooth surface was perhaps an inch and a half, and of the dots perhaps a half inch more.  The pictorial bands were in countersunk low relief, their background being depressed about two inches from the original wall surface.  In some specimens marks of a former coloration could be detected, though for the most part the untold aeons had disintegrated and banished any pigments which may have been applied.  The more one studied the marvelous technique, the more one admired the things.  Beneath their strict conventionalization one could grasp the minute and accurate observation and graphic skill of the artists; and indeed, the very conventions themselves served to symbolize and accentuate the real essence or vital differentiation of every object delineated.  We felt, too, that besides these recognizable excellences there were others lurking beyond the reach of our perceptions.  Certain touches here and there gave vague hints of latent symbols and stimuli which another mental and emotional background, and a fuller or different sensory equipment, might have made of profound and poignant significance to us.

The subject matter of the sculptures obviously came from the life of the vanished epoch of their creation, and contained a large proportion of evident history.  It is this abnormal historic-mindedness of the primal race-a chance circumstance operating, through coincidence, miraculously in our favor-which made the carvings so awesomely informative to us, and which caused us to place their photography and transcription above all other considerations.  In certain rooms the dominant arrangement was varied by the presence of maps, astronomical charts, and other scientific designs of an enlarged scale-these things giving a naive and terrible corroboration to what we gathered from the pictorial friezes and dadoes.  In hinting at what the whole revealed, I can only hope that my account will not arouse a curiosity greater than sane caution on the part of those who believe me at all.  It would be tragic if any were to be allured to that realm of death and horror by the very warning meant to discourage them.

Interrupting these sculptured walls were high windows and massive twelve-foot doorways; both now and then retaining the petrified wooden planks-elaborately carved and polished-of the actual shutters and doors.  All metal fixtures had long ago vanished, but some of the doors remained in place and had to be forced aside as we progressed from room to room.  Window frames with odd transparent panes-mostly elliptical-survived here and there, though in no considerable quantity.  There were also frequent niches of great magnitude, generally empty, but once in a while containing some bizarre object carved from green soapstone which was either broken or perhaps held too inferior to warrant removal.  Other apertures were undoubtedly connected with bygone mechanical facilities-heating, lighting, and the like-of a sort suggested in many of the carvings.  Ceilings tended to be plain, but had sometimes been inlaid with green soapstone or other tiles, mostly fallen now.  Floors were also paved with such tiles, though plain stonework predominated.

As I have said, all furniture and other movables were absent; but the sculptures gave a clear idea of the strange devices which had once filled these tomblike, echoing rooms.  Above the glacial sheet the floors were generally thick with detritus, litter, and debris, but farther down this condition decreased.  In some of the lower chambers and corridors there was little more than gritty dust or ancient incrustations, while occasional areas had an uncanny air of newly swept immaculateness.  Of course, where rifts or collapses had occurred, the lower levels were as littered as the upper ones.  A central court-as in other structures we had seen from the air-saved the inner regions from total darkness; so that we seldom had to use our electric torches in the upper rooms except when studying sculptured details.  Below the ice cap, however, the twilight deepened; and in many parts of the tangled ground level there was an approach to absolute blackness.

To form even a rudimentary idea of our thoughts and feelings as we penetrated this aeon-silent maze of unhuman masonry, one must correlate a hopelessly bewildering chaos of fugitive moods, memories, and impressions.  The sheer appalling antiquity and lethal desolation of the place were enough to overwhelm almost any sensitive person, but added to these elements were the recent unexplained horror at the camp, and the revelations all too soon effected by the terrible mural sculptures around us.  The moment we came upon a perfect section of carving, where no ambiguity of interpretation could exist, it took only a brief study to give us the hideous truth-a truth which it would be naive to claim Danforth and I had not independently suspected before, though we had carefully refrained from even hinting it to each other.  There could now be no further merciful doubt about the nature of the beings which had built and inhabited this monstrous dead city millions of years ago, when man ’ s ancestors were primitive archaic mammals, and vast dinosaurs roamed the tropical steppes of Europe and Asia.

We had previously clung to a desperate alternative and insisted-each to himself-that the omnipresence of the five-pointed motifs meant only some cultural or religious exaltation of the Archaean natural object which had so patently embodied the quality of five-pointedness; as the decorative motifs of Minoan Crete exalted the sacred bull, those of Egypt the scarabaeus, those of Rome the wolf and the eagle, and those of various savage tribes some chosen totem animal.  But this lone refuge was now stripped from us, and we were forced to face definitely the reason-shaking realization which the reader of these pages has doubtless long ago anticipated.  I can scarcely bear to write it down in black and white even now, but perhaps that will not be necessary.

The things once rearing and dwelling in this frightful masonry in the age of dinosaurs were not indeed dinosaurs, but far worse.  Mere dinosaurs were new and almost brainless objects-but the builders of the city were wise and old, and had left certain traces in rocks even then laid down well nigh a thousand million years-rocks laid down before the true life of earth had advanced beyond plastic groups of cells-rocks laid down before the true life of earth had existed at all.  They were the makers and enslavers of that life, and above all doubt the originals of the fiendish elder myths which things like the Pnakotic Manuscripts and the Necronomicon affrightedly hint about.  They were the great "Old Ones" that had filtered down from the stars when earth was young-the beings whose substance an alien evolution had shaped, and whose powers were such as this planet had never bred.  And to think that only the day before Danforth and I had actually looked upon fragments of their millennially fossilized substance-and that poor Lake and his party had seen their complete outlines-It is of course impossible for me to relate in proper order the stages by which we picked up what we know of that monstrous chapter of prehuman life.  After the first shock of the certain revelation, we had to pause a while to recuperate, and it was fully three o ’ clock before we got started on our actual tour of systematic research.  The sculptures in the building we entered were of relatively late date-perhaps two million years ago-as checked up by geological, biological, and astronomical features-and embodied an art which would be called decadent in comparison with that of specimens we found in older buildings after crossing bridges under the glacial sheet.  One edifice hewn from the solid rock seemed to go back forty or possibly even fifty million years-to the lower Eocene or upper Cretaceous-and contained bas-reliefs of an artistry surpassing anything else, with one tremendous exception, that we encountered.  That was, we have since agreed, the oldest domestic structure we traversed.

Were it not for the support of those flashlights soon to be made public, I would refrain from telling what I found and inferred, lest I be confined as a madman.  Of course, the infinitely early parts of the patchwork tale-representing the preterrestrial life of the star-headed beings on other planets, in other galaxies, and in other universes-can readily be interpreted as the fantastic mythology of those beings themselves; yet such parts sometimes involved designs and diagrams so uncannily close to the latest findings of mathematics and astrophysics that I scarcely know what to think.  Let others judge when they see the photographs I shall publish.

Naturally, no one set of carvings which we encountered told more than a fraction of any connected story, nor did we even begin to come upon the various stages of that story in their proper order.  Some of the vast rooms were independent units so far as their designs were concerned, whilst in other cases a continuous chronicle would be carried through a series of rooms and corridors.  The best of the maps and diagrams were on the walls of a frightful abyss below even the ancient ground level-a cavern perhaps two hundred feet square and sixty feet high, which had almost undoubtedly been an educational center of some sort.  There were many provoking repetitions of the same material in different rooms and buildings, since certain chapters of experience, and certain summaries or phases of racial history, had evidently been favorites with different decorators or dwellers.  Sometimes, though, variant versions of the same theme proved useful in settling debatable points and filling up gaps.

I still wonder that we deduced so much in the short time at our disposal.  Of course, we even now have only the barest outline-and much of that was obtained later on from a study of the photographs and sketches we made.  It may be the effect of this later study-the revived memories and vague impressions acting in conjunction with his general sensitiveness and with that final supposed horror-glimpse whose essence he will not reveal even to me-which has been the immediate source of Danforth ’ s present breakdown.  But it had to be; for we could not issue our warning intelligently without the fullest possible information, and the issuance of that warning is a prime necessity.  Certain lingering influences in that unknown antarctic world of disordered time and alien natural law make it imperative that further exploration be discouraged.
VII

The full story, so far as deciphered, will eventually appear in an official bulletin of Miskatonic University.  Here I shall sketch only the salient highlights in a formless, rambling way.  Myth or otherwise, the sculptures told of the coming of those star-headed things to the nascent, lifeless earth out of cosmic space-their coming, and the coming of many other alien entities such as at certain times embark upon spatial pioneering.  They seemed able to traverse the interstellar ether on their vast membranous wings-thus oddly confirming some curious hill folklore long ago told me by an antiquarian colleague.  They had lived under the sea a good deal, building fantastic cities and fighting terrific battles with nameless adversaries by means of intricate devices employing unknown principles of energy.  Evidently their scientific and mechanical knowledge far surpassed man ’ s today, though they made use of its more widespread and elaborate forms only when obliged to.  Some of the sculptures suggested that they had passed through a stage of mechanized life on other planets, but had receded upon finding its effects emotionally unsatisfying.  Their preternatural toughness of organization and simplicity of natural wants made them peculiarly able to live on a high plane without the more specialized fruits of artificial manufacture, and even without garments, except for occasional protection against the elements.

It was under the sea, at first for food and later for other purposes, that they first created earth life-using available substances according to long-known methods.  The more elaborate experiments came after the annihilation of various cosmic enemies.  They had done the same thing on other planets, having manufactured not only necessary foods, but certain multicellular protoplasmic masses capable of molding their tissues into all sorts of temporary organs under hypnotic influence and thereby forming ideal slaves to perform the heavy work of the community.  These viscous masses were without doubt what Abdul Alhazred whispered about as the "Shoggoths "in his frightful Necronomicon, though even that mad Arab had not hinted that any existed on earth except in the dreams of those who had chewed a certain alkaloidal herb.  When the star-headed Old Ones on this planet had synthesized their simple food forms and bred a good supply of Shoggoths, they allowed other cell groups to develop into other forms of animal and vegetable life for sundry purposes, extirpating any whose presence became troublesome.

With the aid of the Shoggoths, whose expansions could be made to lift prodigious weights, the small, low cities under the sea grew to vast and imposing labyrinths of stone not unlike those which later rose on land.  Indeed, the highly adaptable Old Ones had lived much on land in other parts of the universe, and probably retained many traditions of land construction.  As we studied the architecture of all these sculptured palaeogean cities, including that whose aeon-dead corridors we were even then traversing, we were impressed by a curious coincidence which we have not yet tried to explain, even to ourselves.  The tops of the buildings, which in the actual city around us had, of course, been weathered into shapeless ruins ages ago, were clearly displayed in the bas-reliefs, and showed vast clusters of needle-like spires, delicate finials on certain cone and pyramid apexes, and tiers of thin, horizontal scalloped disks capping cylindrical shafts.  This was exactly what we had seen in that monstrous and portentous mirage, cast by a dead city whence such skyline features had been absent for thousands and tens of thousands of years, which loomed on our ignorant eyes across the unfathomed mountains of madness as we first approached poor Lake ’ s ill-fated camp.

Of the life of the Old Ones, both under the sea and after part of them migrated to land, volumes could be written.  Those in shallow water had continued the fullest use of the eyes at the ends of their five main head tentacles, and had practiced the arts of sculpture and of writing in quite the usual way-the writing accomplished with a stylus on waterproof waxen surfaces.  Those lower down in the ocean depths, though they used a curious phosphorescent organism to furnish light, pieced out their vision with obscure special senses operating through the prismatic cilia on their heads-senses which rendered all the Old Ones partly independent of light in emergencies.  Their forms of sculpture and writing had changed curiously during the descent, embodying certain apparently chemical coating processes-probably to secure phosphorescence-which the basreliefs could not make clear to us.  The beings moved in the sea partly by swimming-using the lateral crinoid arms-and partly by wriggling with the lower tier of tentacles containing the pseudofeet.  Occasionally they accomplished long swoops with the auxiliary use of two or more sets of their fanlike folding wings.  On land they locally used the pseudofeet, but now and then flew to great heights or over long distances with their wings.  The many slender tentacles into which the crinoid arms branched were infinitely delicate, flexible, strong, and accurate in muscular-nervous coordination-ensuring the utmost skill and dexterity in all artistic and other manual operations.

The toughness of the things was almost incredible.  Even the terrific pressure of the deepest sea bottoms appeared powerless to harm them.  Very few seemed to die at all except by violence, and their burial places were very limited.  The fact that they covered their vertically inhumed dead with five-pointed inscribed mounds set up thoughts in Danforth and me which made a fresh pause and recuperation necessary after the sculptures revealed it.  The beings multiplied by means of spores-like vegetable pteridophytes, as Lake had suspected-but, owing to their prodigious toughness and longevity, and consequent lack of replacement needs, they did not encourage the large-scale development of new prothallia except when they had new regions to colonize.  The young matured swiftly, and received an education evidently beyond any standard we can imagine.  The prevailing intellectual and aesthetic life was highly evolved, and produced a tenaciously enduring set of customs and institutions which I shall describe more fully in my coming monograph.  These varied slightly according to sea or land residence, but had the same foundations and essentials.

Though able, like vegetables, to derive nourishment from inorganic substances, they vastly preferred organic and especially animal food.  They ate uncooked marine life under the sea, but cooked their viands on land.  They hunted game and raised meat herds-slaughtering with sharp weapons whose odd marks on certain fossil bones our expedition had noted.  They resisted all ordinary temperatures marvelously, and in their natural state could live in water down to freezing.  When the great chill of the Pleistocene drew on, however-nearly a million years ago-the land dwellers had to resort to special measures, including artificial heating-until at last the deadly cold appears to have driven them back into the sea.  For their prehistoric flights through cosmic space, legend said, they absorbed certain chemicals and became almost independent of eating, breathing, or heat conditions-but by the time of the great cold they had lost track of the method.  In any case they could not have prolonged the artificial state indefinitely without harm.

Being nonpairing and semivegetable in structure, the Old Ones had no biological basis for the family phase of mammal life, but seemed to organize large households on the principles of comfortable space-utility and-as we deduced from the pictured occupations and diversions of co-dwellers-congenial mental association.  In furnishing their homes they kept everything in the center of the huge rooms, leaving all the wall spaces free for decorative treatment.  Lighting, in the case of the land inhabitants, was accomplished by a device probably electro-chemical in nature.  Both on land and under water they used curious tables, chairs and couches like cylindrical frames-for they rested and slept upright with folded-down tentacles-and racks for hinged sets of dotted surfaces forming their books.

Government was evidently complex and probably socialistic, though no certainties in this regard could be deduced from the sculptures we saw.  There was extensive commerce, both local and between different cities-certain small, flat counters, five-pointed and inscribed, serving as money.  Probably the smaller of the various greenish soapstones found by our expedition were pieces of such currency.  Though the culture was mainly urban, some agriculture and much stock raising existed.  Mining and a limited amount of manufacturing were also practiced.  Travel was very frequent, but permanent migration seemed relatively rare except for the vast colonizing movements by which the race expanded.  For personal locomotion no external aid was used, since in land, air, and water movement alike the Old Ones seemed to possess excessively vast capacities for speed.  Loads, however, were drawn by beasts of burden-Shoggoths under the sea, and a curious variety of primitive vertebrates in the later years of land existence.

These vertebrates, as well as an infinity of other life forms-animal and vegetable, marine, terrestrial, and aerial-were the products of unguided evolution acting on life cells made by the Old Ones, but escaping beyond their radius of attention.  They had been suffered to develop unchecked because they had not come in conflict with the dominant beings.  Bothersome forms, of course, were mechanically exterminated.  It interested us to see in some of the very last and most decadent sculptures a shambling, primitive mammal, used sometimes for food and sometimes as an amusing buffoon by the land dwellers, whose vaguely simian and human foreshadowings were unmistakable.  In the building of land cities the huge stone blocks of the high towers were generally lifted by vast-winged pterodactyls of a species heretofore unknown to paleontology.

The persistence with which the Old Ones survived various geologic changes and convulsions of the earth ’ s crust was little short of miraculous.  Though few or none of their first cities seem to have remained beyond the Archaean Age, there was no interruption in their civilization or in the transmission of their records.  Their original place of advent to the planet was the Antarctic Ocean, and it is likely that they came not long after the matter forming the moon was wrenched from the neighboring South Pacific.  According to one of the sculptured maps the whole globe was then under water, with stone cities scattered farther and farther from the antarctic as aeons passed.  Another map shows a vast bulk of dry land around the south pole, where it is evident that some of the beings made experimental settlements, though their main centers were transferred to the nearest sea bottom.  Later maps, which display the land mass as cracking and drifting, and sending certain detached parts northward, uphold in a striking way the theories of continental drift lately advanced by Taylor, Wegener, and Joly.

With the upheaval of new land in the South Pacific tremendous events began.  Some of the marine cities were hopelessly shattered, yet that was not the worst misfortune.  Another race-a land race of beings shaped like octopi and probably corresponding to fabulous prehuman spawn of Cthulhu-soon began filtering down from cosmic infinity and precipitated a-monstrous war which for a time drove the Old Ones wholly back to the sea-a colossal blow in view of the increasing land settlements.  Later peace was made, and the new lands were given to the Cthulhu spawn whilst the Old Ones held the sea and the older lands.  New land cities were founded-the greatest of them in the antarctic, for this region of first arrival was sacred.  From then on, as before, the antarctic remained the center of the Old Ones ’ civilization, and all the cities built there by the Cthulhu spawn were blotted out.  Then suddenly the lands of the Pacific sank again, taking with them the frightful stone city of R ’ lyeh and all the cosmic octopi, so that the Old Ones were again supreme on the planet except for one shadowy fear about which they did not like to speak.  At a rather later age their cities dotted all the land and water areas of the globe-hence the recommendation in my coming monograph that some archaeologist make systematic borings with Pabodie ’ s type of apparatus in certain widely separated regions.

The steady trend down the ages was from water to land-a movement encouraged by the rise of new land masses, though the ocean was never wholly deserted.  Another cause of the landward movement was the new difficulty in breeding and managing the Shoggoths upon which successful sea life depended.  With the march of time, as the sculptures sadly confessed, the art of creating new life from inorganic matter had been lost, so that the Old Ones had to depend on the molding of forms already in existence.  On land the great reptiles proved highly tractable; but the Shoggoths of the sea, reproducing by fission and acquiring a dangerous degree of accidental intelligence, presented for a time a formidable problem.

They had always been controlled through the hypnotic suggestions of the Old Ones, and had modeled their tough plasticity into various useful temporary limbs and organs; but now their self-modeling powers were sometimes exercised independently, and in various imitative forms implanted by past suggestion.  They had, it seems, developed a semistable brain whose separate and occasionally stubborn volition echoed the will of the Old Ones without always obeying it.  Sculptured images of these Shoggoths filled Danforth and me with horror and loathing.  They were normally shapeless entities composed of a viscous jelly which looked like an agglutination of bubbles, and each averaged about fifteen feet in diameter when a sphere.  They had, however, a constantly shifting shape and volume-throwing out temporary developments or forming apparent organs of sight, hearing, and speech in imitation of their masters, either spontaneously or according to suggestion.

They seem to have become peculiarly intractable toward the middle of the Permian Age, perhaps one hundred and fifty million years ago, when a veritable war of resubjugation was waged upon them by the marine Old Ones.  Pictures of this war, and of the headless, slime-coated fashion in which the Shoggoths typically left their slain victims, held a marvelously fearsome quality despite the intervening abyss of untold ages.  The Old Ones had used curious weapons of molecular and atomic disturbances against the rebel entities, and in the end had achieved a complete victory.  Thereafter the sculptures showed a period in which Shoggoths were tamed and broken by armed Old Ones as the wild horses of the American west were tamed by cowboys.  Though during the rebellion the Shoggoths had shown an ability to live out of water, this transition was not encouraged-since their usefulness on land would hardly have been commensurate with the trouble of their management.

During the Jurassic Age the Old Ones met fresh adversity in the form of a new invasion from outer space-this time by half-fungous, half-crustacean creatures-creatures undoubtedly the same as those figuring in certain whispered hill legends of the north, and remembered in the Himalayas as the Mi-Go, or abominable Snow Men.  To fight these beings the Old Ones attempted, for the first time since their terrene advent, to sally forth again into the planetary ether; but, despite all traditional preparations, found it no longer possible to leave the earth ’ s atmosphere.  Whatever the old secret of interstellar travel had been, it was now definitely lost to the race.  In the end the Mi-Go drove the Old Ones out of all the northern lands, though they were powerless to disturb those in the sea.  Little by little the slow retreat of the elder race to their original antarctic habitat was beginning.

It was curious to note from the pictured battles that both the Cthulhu spawn and the Mi-Go seem to have been composed of matter more widely different from that which we know than was the substance of the Old Ones.  They were able to undergo transformations and reintegrations impossible for their adversaries, and seem therefore to have originally come from even remoter gulfs of the cosmic space.  The Old Ones, but for their abnormal toughness and peculiar vital properties, were strictly material, and must have had their absolute origin within the known space-time continuum-whereas the first sources of the other beings can only be guessed at with bated breath.  All this, of course, assuming that the non-terrestrial linkages and the anomalies ascribed to the invading foes are not pure mythology.  Conceivably, the Old Ones might have invented a cosmic framework to account for their occasional defeats, since historical interest and pride obviously formed their chief psychological element.  It is significant that their annals failed to mention many advanced and potent races of beings whose mighty cultures and towering cities figure persistently in certain obscure legends.

The changing state of the world through long geologic ages appeared with startling vividness in many of the sculptured maps and scenes.  In certain cases existing science will require revision, while in other cases its bold deductions are magnificently confirmed.  As I have said, the hypothesis of Taylor, Wegener, and Joly that all the continents are fragments of an original antarctic land mass which cracked from centrifugal force and drifted apart over a technically viscous lower surface-an hypothesis suggested by such things as the complementary outlines of Africa and South America, and the way the great mountain chains are rolled and shoved up-receives striking support from this uncanny source.

Maps evidently showing the Carboniferous world of an hundred million or more years ago displayed significant rifts and chasms destined later to separate Africa from the once continuous realms of Europe (then the Valusia of primal legend), Asia, the Americas, and the antarctic continent.  Other charts-and most significantly one in connection with the founding fifty million years ago of the vast dead city around us-showed all the present continents well differentiated.  And in the latest discoverable specimen-dating perhaps from the Pliocene Age-the approximate world of today appeared quite clearly despite the linkage of Alaska with Siberia, of North America with Europe through Greenland, and of South America with the antarctic continent through Graham Land.  In the Carboniferous map the whole globe-ocean floor and rifted land mass alike-bore symbols of the Old Ones ’ vast stone cities, but in the later charts the gradual recession toward the antarctic became very plain.  The final Pliocene specimen showed no land cities except on the antarctic continent and the tip of South America, nor any ocean cities north of the fiftieth parallel of South Latitude.  Knowledge and interest in the northern world, save for a study of coast lines probably made during long exploration flights on those fanlike membranous wings, had evidently declined to zero among the Old Ones.

Destruction of cities through the upthrust of mountains, the centrifugal rending of continents, the seismic convulsions of land or sea bottom, and other natural causes, was a matter of common record; and it was curious to observe how fewer and fewer replacements were made as the ages wore on.  The vast dead megalopolis that yawned around us seemed to be the last general center of the race-built early in the Cretaceous Age after a titanic earth buckling had obliterated a still vaster predecessor not far distant.  It appeared that this general region was the most sacred spot of all, where reputedly the first Old Ones had settled on a primal sea bottom.  In the new city-many of whose features we could recognize in the sculptures, but which stretched fully a hundred miles along the mountain range in each direction beyond the farthest limits of our aerial survey-there were reputed to be preserved certain sacred stones forming part of the first sea-bottom city, which thrust up to light after long epochs in the course of the general crumbling of strata.
VIII

Naturally, Danforth and I studied with especial interest and a peculiarly personal sense of awe everything pertaining to the immediate district in which we were.  Of this local material there was naturally a vast abundance; and on the tangled ground level of the city we were lucky enough to find a house of very late date whose walls, though somewhat damaged by a neighboring rift, contained sculptures of decadent workmanship carrying the story of the region much beyond the period of the Pliocene map whence we derived our last general glimpse of the prehuman world.  This was the last place we examined in detail, since what we found there gave us a fresh immediate objective.

Certainly, we were in one of the strangest, weirdest, and most terrible of all the corners of earth ’ s globe.  Of all existing lands, it was infinitely the most ancient.  The conviction grew upon us that this hideous upland must indeed be the fabled nightmare plateau of Leng which even the mad author of the Necronomicon was reluctant to discuss.  The great mountain chain was tremendously long-starting as a low range at Luitpold Land on the east coast of Weddell Sea and virtually crossing the entire continent.  That really high part stretched in a mighty arc from about Latitude 82 °, E.  Longitude 60 ° to Latitude 70 °, E.  Longitude 115 °, with its concave side toward our camp and its seaward end in the region of that long, ice-locked coast whose hills were glimpsed by Wilkes and Mawson at the antarctic circle.

Yet even more monstrous exaggerations of nature seemed disturbingly close at hand.  I have said that these peaks are higher than the Himalayas, but the sculptures forbid me to say that they are earth ’ s highest.  That grim honor is beyond doubt reserved for something which half the sculptures hesitated to record at all, whilst others approached it with obvious repugnance and trepidation.  It seems that there was one part of the ancient land-the first part that ever rose from the waters after the earth had flung off the moon and the Old Ones had seeped down, from the stars-which had come to be shunned as vaguely and namelessly evil.  Cities built there had crumbled before their time, and had been found suddenly deserted.  Then when the first great earth buckling had convulsed the region in the Comanchian Age, a frightful line of peaks had shot suddenly up amidst the most appalling din and chaos-and earth had received her loftiest and most terrible mountains.

If the scale of the carvings was correct, these abhorred things must have been much over forty thousand feet high-radically vaster than even the shocking mountains of madness we had crossed.  They extended, it appeared, from about Latitude 77 °, E.  Longitude 70 ° to Latitude 70 °, E.  Longitude 100 °-less than three hundred miles away from the dead city, so that we would have spied their dreaded summits in the dim western distance had it not been for that vague, opalescent haze.  Their northern end must likewise be visible from the long antarctic circle coast line at Queen Mary Land.

Some of the Old Ones, in the decadent days, had made strange prayers to those mountains-but none ever went near them or dared to guess what lay beyond.  No human eye had ever seen them, and as I studied the emotions conveyed in the carvings, I prayed that none ever might.  There are protecting hills along the coast beyond them-Queen Mary and Kaiser Wilhelm Lands-and I thank Heaven no one has been able to land and climb those hills.  I am not as sceptical about old tales and fears as I used to be, and I do not laugh now at the prehuman sculptor ’ s notion that lightning paused meaningfully now and then at each of the brooding crests, and that an unexplained glow shone from one of those terrible pinnacles all through the long polar night.  There may be a very real and very monstrous meaning in the old Pnakotic whispers about Kadath in the Cold Waste.

But the terrain close at hand was hardly less strange, even if less namelessly accursed.  Soon after the founding of the city the great mountain range became the seat of the principal temples, and many carvings showed what grotesque and fantastic towers had pierced the sky where now we saw only the curiously clinging cubes and ramparts.  In the course of ages the caves had appeared, and had been shaped into adjuncts of the temples.  With the advance of still later epochs, all the limestone veins of the region were hollowed out by ground waters, so that the mountains, the foothills, and the plains below them were a veritable network of connected caverns and galleries.  Many graphic sculptures told of explorations deep underground, and of the final discovery of the Stygian sunless sea that lurked at earth ’ s bowels.

This vast nighted gulf had undoubtedly been worn by the great river which flowed down from the nameless and horrible westward mountains, and which had formerly turned at the base of the Old Ones ’ range and flowed beside that chain into the Indian Ocean between Budd and Totten Lands on Wilkes ’ s coast line.  Little by little it had eaten away the limestone hill base at its turning, till at last its sapping currents reached the caverns of the ground waters and joined with them in digging a deeper abyss.  Finally its whole bulk emptied into the hollow hills and left the old bed toward the ocean dry.  Much of the later city as we now found it had been built over that former bed.  The Old Ones, understanding what had happened, and exercising their always keen artistic sense, had carved into ornate pylons those headlands of the foothills where the great stream began its descent into eternal darkness.

This river, once crossed by scores of noble stone bridges, was plainly the one whose extinct course we had seen in our aeroplane survey.  Its position in different carvings of the city helped us to orient ourselves to the scene as it had been at various stages of the region ’ s age-long, aeon-dead history, so that we were able to sketch a hasty but careful map of the salient features-squares, important buildings, and the like-for guidance in further explorations.  We could soon reconstruct in fancy the whole stupendous thing as it was a million or ten million or fifty million years ago, for the sculptures told us exactly what the buildings and mountains and squares and suburbs and landscape setting and luxuriant Tertiary vegetation had looked like.  It must have had a marvelous and mystic beauty, and as I thought of it, I almost forgot the clammy sense of sinister oppression with which the city ’ s inhuman age and massiveness and deadness and remoteness and glacial twilight had choked and weighed on my spirit.  Yet according to certain carvings, the denizens of that city had themselves known the clutch of oppressive terror; for there was a somber and recurrent type of scene in which the Old Ones were shown in the act of recoiling affrightedly from some object-never allowed to appear in the design-found in the great river and indicated as having been washed down through waving, vine-draped cycad forests from those horrible westward mountains.

It was only in the one late-built house with the decadent carvings that we obtained any foreshadowing of the final calamity leading to the city ’ s desertion.  Undoubtedly there must have been many sculptures of the same age elsewhere, even allowing for the slackened energies and aspirations of a stressful and uncertain period; indeed, very certain evidence of the existence of others came to us shortly afterward.  But this was the first and only set we directly encountered.  We meant to look farther later on; but as I have said, immediate conditions dictated another present objective.  There would, though, have been a limit-for after all hope of a long future occupancy of the place had perished among the Old Ones, there could not but have been a complete cessation of mural decoration.  The ultimate blow, of course, was the coming of the great cold which once held most of the earth in thrall, and which has never departed from the ill-fated poles-the great cold that, at the world ’ s other extremity, put an end to the fabled lands of Lomar and Hyperborea.

Just when this tendency began in the antarctic, it would be hard to say in terms of exact years.  Nowadays we set the beginning of the general glacial periods at a distance of about five hundred thousand years from the present, but at the poles the terrible scourge must have commenced much earlier.  All quantitative estimates are partly guesswork, but it is quite likely that the decadent sculptures were made considerably less than a million years ago, and that the actual desertion of the city was complete long before the conventional opening of the Pleistocene-five hundred thousand years ago-as reckoned in terms of the earth ’ s whole surface.

In the decadent sculptures there were signs of thinner vegetation everywhere, and of a decreased country life on the part of the Old Ones.  Heating devices were shown in the houses, and winter travelers were represented as muffled in protective fabrics.  Then we saw a series of cartouches-the continuous band arrangement being frequently interrupted in these late carvings-depicting a constantly growing migration to the nearest refuges of greater warmth-some fleeing to cities under the sea off the far-away coast, and some clambering down through networks of limestone caverns in the hollow hills to the neighboring black abyss of subterrene waters.

In the end it seems to have been the neighboring abyss which received the greatest colonization.  This was partly due, no doubt, to the traditional sacredness of this special region, but may have been more conclusively determined by the opportunities it gave for continuing the use of the great temples on the honeycombed mountains, and for retaining the vast land city as a place of summer residence and base of communication with various mines.  The linkage of old and new abodes was made more effective by means of several gradings and improvements along the connecting routes, including the chiseling of numerous direct tunnels from the ancient metropolis to the black abyss-sharply down-pointing tunnels whose mouths we carefully drew, according to our most thoughtful estimates, on the guide map we were compiling.  It was obvious that at least two of these tunnels lay within a reasonable exploring distance of where we were-both being on the mountainward edge of the city, one less than a quarter of a mile toward the ancient river course, and the other perhaps twice that distance in the opposite direction.

The abyss, it seems, had shelving shores of dry land at certain places, but the Old Ones built their new city under water-no doubt because of its greater certainty of uniform warmth.  The depth of the hidden sea appears to have been very great, so that the earth ’ s internal heat could ensure its habitability for an indefinite period.  The beings seemed to have had no trouble in adapting themselves to part-time-and eventually, of course, whole-time-residence under water, since they had never allowed their gill systems to atrophy.  There were many sculptures which showed how they had always frequently visited their submarine kinsfolk elsewhere, and how they had habitually bathed on the deep bottom of their great river.  The darkness of inner earth could likewise have been no deterrent to a race accustomed to long antarctic nights.

Decadent though their style undoubtedly was, these latest carvings had a truly epic quality where they told of the building of the new city in the cavern sea.  The Old Ones had gone about it scientifically-quarrying insoluble rocks from the heart of the honeycombed mountains, and employing expert workers from the nearest submarine city to perform the construction according to the best methods.  These workers brought with them all that was necessary to establish the new venture-Shoggoth tissue from which to breed stone lifters and subsequent beasts of burden for the cavern city, and other protoplasmic matter to mold into phosphorescent organisms for lighting purposes.

At last a mighty metropolis rose on the bottom of that Stygian sea, its architecture much like that of the city above, and its workmanship displaying relatively little decadence because of the precise mathematical element inherent in building operations.  The newly bred Shoggoths grew to enormous size and singular intelligence, and were represented as taking and executing orders with marvelous quickness.  They seemed to converse with the Old Ones by mimicking their voices-a sort of musical piping over a wide range, if poor Lake ’ s dissection had indicated aright-and to work more from spoken commands than from hypnotic suggestions as in earlier times.  They were, however, kept in admirable control.  The phosphorescent organisms supplied light With vast effectiveness, and doubtless atoned for the loss of the familiar polar auroras of the outer-world night.

Art and decoration were pursued, though of course with a certain decadence.  The Old Ones seemed to realize this falling off themselves, and in many cases anticipated the policy of Constantine the Great by transplanting especially fine blocks of ancient carving from their land city, just as the emperor, in a similar age of decline, stripped Greece and Asia of their finest art to give his new Byzantine capital greater splendors than its own people could create.  That the transfer of sculptured blocks had not been more extensive was doubtless owing to the fact that the land city was not at first wholly abandoned.  By the time total abandonment did occur-and it surely must have occurred before the polar Pleistocene was far advanced-the Old Ones had perhaps become satisfied with their decadent art-or had ceased to recognize the superior merit of the older carvings.  At any rate, the aeon-silent ruins around us had certainly undergone no wholesale sculptural denudation, though all the best separate statues, like other movables, had been taken away.

The decadent cartouches and dadoes telling this story were, as I have said, the latest we could find in our limited search.  They left us with a picture of the Old Ones shuttling back and forth betwixt the land city in summer and the sea-cavern city in winter, and sometimes trading with the sea-bottom cities off the antarctic coast.  By this time the ultimate doom of the land city must have been recognized, for the sculptures showed many signs of the cold ’ s malign encroachments.  Vegetation was declining, and the terrible snows of the winter no longer melted completely even in midsummer.  The saunan livestock were nearly all dead, and the mammals were standing it none too well.  To keep on with the work of the upper world it had become necessary to adapt some of the amorphous and curiously cold-resistant Shoggoths to land life-a thing the Old Ones had formerly been reluctant to do.  The great river was now lifeless, and the upper sea had lost most of its denizens except the seals and whales.  All the birds had flown away, save only the great, grotesque penguins.

What had happened afterward we could only guess.  How long had the new sea-cavern city survived? Was it still down there, a stony corpse in eternal blackness? Had the subterranean waters frozen at last? To what fate had the ocean-bottom cities of the outer world been delivered? Had any of the Old Ones shifted north ahead of the creeping ice cap? Existing geology shows no trace of their presence.  Had the frightful Mi-Go been still a menace in the outer land world of the north? Could one be sure of what might or might not linger, even to this day, in the lightless and unplumbed abysses of earth ’ s deepest waters? Those things had seemingly been able to withstand any amount of pressure-and men of the sea have fished up curious objects at times.  And has the killer-whale theory really explained the savage and mysterious scars on antarctic seals noticed a generation ago by Borchgrevingk?

The specimens found by poor Lake did not enter into these guesses, for their geologic setting proved them to have lived at what must have been a very early date in the land city ’ s history.  They were, according to their location, certainly not less than thirty million years old, and we reflected that in their day the sea-cavern city, and indeed the cavern itself, had had no existence.  They would have remembered an older scene, with lush Tertiary vegetation everywhere, a younger land city of flourishing arts around them, and a great river sweeping northward along the base of the mighty mountains toward a far-away tropic ocean.

And yet we could not help thinking about these specimens-especially about the eight perfect ones that were missing from Lake ’ s hideously ravaged camp.  There was something abnormal about that whole business-the strange things we had tried so hard to lay to somebody ’ s madness-those frightful graves-the amount and nature of the missing material-Gedney-the unearthly toughness of those archaic monstrosities, and the queer vital freaks the sculptures now showed the race to have-Danforth and I had seen a good deal in the last few hours, and were prepared to believe and keep silent about many appalling and incredible secrets of primal nature.
IX

I have said that our study of the decadent sculptures brought about a change in our immediate objective.  This, of course, had to do with the chiseled avenues to the black inner world, of whose existence we had not known before, but which we were now eager to find and traverse.  From the evident scale of the carvings we deduced that a steeply descending walk of about a mile through either of the neighboring tunnels would bring us to the brink of the dizzy, sunless cliffs about the great abyss; down whose sides paths, improved by the Old Ones, led to the rocky shore of the hidden and nighted ocean.  To behold this fabulous gulf in stark reality was a lure which seemed impossible of resistance once we knew of the thing-yet we realized we must begin the quest at once if we expected to include it in our present trip.

It was now 8 P.  M., and we did not have enough battery replacements to let our torches burn on forever.  We had done so much studying and copying below the glacial level that our battery supply had had at least five hours of nearly continuous use, and despite the special dry cell formula, would obviously be good for only about four more-though by keeping one torch unused, except for especially interesting or difficult places, we might manage to eke out a safe margin beyond that.  It would not do to be without a light in these Cyclopean catacombs, hence in order to make the abyss trip we must give up all further mural deciphering.  Of course we intended to revisit the place for days and perhaps weeks of intensive study and photography-curiosity having long ago got the better of horror-but just now we must hasten.

Our supply of trail-blazing paper was far from unlimited, and we were reluctant to sacrifice spare notebooks or sketching paper to augment it, but we did let one large notebook go.  If worse came to worst we could resort to rock chipping-and of course it would be possible, even in case of really lost direction, to work up to full daylight by one channel or another if granted sufficient time for plentiful trial and error.  So at last we set off eagerly in the indicated direction of the nearest tunnel.

According to the carvings from which we had made our map, the desired tunnel mouth could not be much more than a quarter of a mile from where we stood; the intervening space showing solid-looking buildings quite likely to be penetrable still at a sub-glacial level.  The opening itself would be in the basement-on the angle nearest the foothills-of a vast five-pointed structure of evidently public and perhaps ceremonial nature, which we tried to identify from our aerial survey of the ruins.

No such structure came to our minds as we recalled our flight, hence we concluded that its upper parts had been greatly damaged, or that it had been totally shattered in an ice rift we had noticed.  In the latter case the tunnel would probably turn out to be choked, so that we would have to try the next nearest one-the one less than a mile to the north.  The intervening river course prevented our trying any of the more southern tunnels on this trip; and indeed, if both of the neighboring ones were choked it was doubtful whether our batteries would warrant an attempt on the next northerly one-about a mile beyond our second choice.

As we threaded our dim way through the labyrinth with the aid of map and compass-traversing rooms and corridors in every stage of ruin or preservation, clambering up ramps, crossing upper floors and bridges and clambering down again, encountering choked doorways and piles of debris, hastening now and then along finely preserved and uncannily immaculate stretches, taking false leads and retracing our way (in such cases removing the blind paper trail we had left), and once in a while striking the bottom of an open shaft through which daylight poured or trickled down-we were repeatedly tantalized by the sculptured walls along our route.  Many must have told tales of immense historical importance, and only the prospect of later visits reconciled us to the need of passing them by.  As it was, we slowed down once in a while and turned on our second torch.  If we had had more films, we would certainly have paused briefly to photograph certain bas-reliefs, but time-consuming hand-copying was clearly out of the question.

I come now once more to a place where the temptation to hesitate, or to hint rather than state, is very strong.  It is necessary, however, to reveal the rest in order to justify my course in discouraging further exploration.  We had wormed our way very close to the computed site of the tunnel ’ s mouth-having crossed a second-story bridge to what seemed plainly the tip of a pointed wall, and descended to a ruinous corridor especially rich in decadently elaborate and apparently ritualistic sculptures of late workmanship-when, shortly before 8: 30 P.  M., Danforth ’ s keen young nostrils gave us the first hint of something unusual.  If we had had a dog with us, I suppose we would have been warned before.  At first we could not precisely say what was wrong with the formerly crystal-pure air, but after a few seconds our memories reacted only too definitely.  Let me try to state the thing without flinching.  There was an odor-and that odor was vaguely, subtly, and unmistakably akin to what had nauseated us upon opening the insane grave of the horror poor Lake had dissected.

Of course the revelation was not as clearly cut at the time as it sounds now.  There were several conceivable explanations, and we did a good deal of indecisive whispering.  Most important of all, we did not retreat without further investigation; for having come this far, we were loath to be balked by anything short of certain disaster.  Anyway, what we must have suspected was altogether too wild to believe.  Such things did not happen in any normal world.  It was probably sheer irrational instinct which made us dim our single torch-tempted no longer by the decadent and sinister sculptures that leered menacingly from the oppressive walls-and which softened our progress to a cautious tiptoeing and crawling over the increasingly littered floor and heaps of debris.

Danforth ’ s eyes as well as nose proved better than mine, for it was likewise he who first noticed the queer aspect of the debris after we had passed many half-choked arches leading to chambers and corridors on the ground level.  It did not look quite as it ought after countless thousands of years of desertion, and when we cautiously turned on more light we saw that a kind of swath seemed to have been lately tracked through it.  The irregular nature of the litter precluded any definite marks, but in the smoother places there were suggestions of the dragging of heavy objects.  Once we thought there was a hint of parallel tracks as if of runners.  This was what made us pause again.

It was during that pause that we caught-simultaneously this time-the other odor ahead.  Paradoxically, it was both a less frightful and more frightful odor-less frightful intrinsically, but infinitely appalling in this place under the known circumstances-unless, of course, Gedney-for the odor was the plain and familiar one of common petrol-every-day gasoline.

Our motivation after that is something I will leave to psychologists.  We knew now that some terrible extension of the camp horrors must have crawled into this nighted burial place of the aeons, hence could not doubt any longer the existence of nameless conditions-present or at least recent just ahead.  Yet in the end we did let sheer burning curiosity-or anxiety-or autohypnotism-or vague thoughts of responsibility toward Gedney-or what not-drive us on.  Danforth whispered again of the print he thought he had seen at the alley turning in the ruins above; and of the faint musical piping-potentially of tremendous significance in the light of Lake ’ s dissection report, despite its close resemblance to the cave-mouth echoes of the windy peaks-which he thought he had shortly afterward half heard from unknown depths below.  I, in my turn, whispered of how the camp was left-of what had disappeared, and of how the madness of a lone survivor might have conceived the inconceivable-a wild trip across the monstrous mountains and a descent into the unknown, primal masonry-But we could not convince each other, or even ourselves, of anything definite.  We had turned off all light as we stood still, and vaguely noticed that a trace of deeply filtered upper day kept the blackness from being absolute.  Having automatically begun to move ahead, we guided ourselves by occasional flashes from our torch.  The disturbed debris formed an impression we could not shake off, and the smell of gasoline grew stronger.  More and more ruin met our eyes and hampered our feet, until very soon we saw that the forward way was about to cease.  We had been all too correct in our pessimistic guess about that rift glimpsed from the air.  Our tunnel quest was a blind one, and we were not even going to be able to reach the basement out of which the abyssward aperture opened.

The torch, flashing over the grotesquely carved walls of the blocked corridor in which we stood, showed several doorways in various states of obstruction; and from one of them the gasoline odor-quite submerging that other hint of odor-came with especial distinctness.  As we looked more steadily, we saw that beyond a doubt there had been a slight and recent clearing away of debris from that particular opening.  Whatever the lurking horror might be, we believed the direct avenue toward it was now plainly manifest.  I do not think anyone will wonder that we waited an appreciable time before making any further motion.

And yet, when we did venture inside that black arch, our first impression was one of anticlimax.  For amidst the littered expanse of that sculptured Crypt-a perfect cube with sides of about twenty feet-there remained no recent object of instantly discernible size; so that we looked instinctively, though in vain, for a farther doorway.  In another moment, however, Danforth ’ s sharp vision had descried a place where the floor debris had been disturbed; and we turned on both torches full strength.  Though what we saw in that light was actually simple and trifling, I am none the less reluctant to tell of it because of what it implied.  It was a rough leveling of the debris, upon which several small objects lay carelessly scattered, and at one corner of which a considerable amount of gasoline must have been spilled lately enough to leave a strong odor even at this extreme superplateau altitude.  In other words, it could not be other than a sort of camp-a camp made by questing beings who, like us, had been turned back by the unexpectedly choked way to the abyss.

Let me be plain.  The scattered objects were, so far as substance was concerned, all from Lake ’ s camp; and consisted of tin cans as queerly opened as those we had seen at that ravaged place, many spent matches, three illustrated books more or less curiously smudged, an empty ink bottle with its pictorial and instructional carton, a broken fountain pen, some oddly snipped fragments of fur and tent cloth, a used electric battery with circular of directions, a folder that came with our type of tent heater, and a sprinkling of crumpled papers.  It was all bad enough but when we smoothed out the papers and looked at what was on them, we felt we had come to the worst.  We had found certain inexplicably blotted papers at the camp which might have prepared us, yet the effect of the sight down there in the prehuman vaults of a nightmare city was almost too much to bear.

A mad Gedney might have made the groups of dots in imitation of those found on the greenish soapstones, just as the dots on those insane five-pointed grave mounds might have been made; and he might conceivably have prepared rough, hasty sketches-varying in their accuracy or lack of it-which outlined the neighboring parts of the city and traced the way from a circularly represented place outside our previous route-a place we identified as a great cylindrical tower in the carvings and as a vast circular gulf glimpsed in our aerial survey-to the present five-pointed structure and the tunnel mouth therein.

He might, I repeat, have prepared such sketches; for those before us were quite obviously compiled, as our own had been, from late sculptures somewhere in the glacial labyrinth, though not from the ones which we had seen and used.  But what the art-blind bungler could never have done was to execute those sketches in a strange and assured technique perhaps superior, despite haste and carelessness, to any of the decadent carvings from which they were taken-the characteristic and unmistakable technique of the Old Ones themselves in the dead city ’ s heyday.

There are those who will say Danforth and I were utterly mad not to flee for our lives after that; since our conclusions were now-notwithstanding their wildness-completely fixed, and of a nature I need not even mention to those who have read my account as far as this.  Perhaps we were mad-for have I not said those horrible peaks were mountains of madness? But I think I can detect something of the same spirit-albeit in a less extreme form-in the men who stalk deadly beasts through African jungles to photograph them or study their habits.  Half paralyzed with terror though we were, there was nevertheless fanned within us a blazing flame of awe and curiosity which triumphed in the end.

Of course we did not mean to face that-or those-which we knew had been there, but we felt that they must be gone by now.  They would by this time have found the other neighboring entrance to the abyss, and have passed within, to whatever night-black fragments of the past might await them in the ultimate gulf-the ultimate gulf they had never seen.  Or if that entrance, too, was blocked, they would have gone on to the north seeking another.  They were, we remembered, partly independent of light.

Looking back to that moment, I can scarcely recall just what precise form our new emotions took-just what change of immediate objective it was that so sharpened our sense of expectancy.  We certainly did not mean to face what we feared-yet I will not deny that we may have had a lurking, unconscious wish to spy certain things from some hidden vantage point.  Probably we had not given up our zeal to glimpse the abyss itself, though there was interposed a new goal in the form of that great circular place shown on the crumpled sketches we had found.  We had at once recognized it as a monstrous cylindrical tower figuring in the very earliest carvings, but appearing only as a prodigious round aperture from above.  Something about the impressiveness of its rendering, even in these hasty diagrams, made us think that its subglacial levels must still form a feature of peculiar importance.  Perhaps it embodied architectural marvels as yet unencountered by us.  It was certainly of incredible age according to the sculptures in which it figured-being indeed among the first things built in the city.  Its carvings, if preserved, could not but be highly significant.  Moreover, it might form a good present link with the upper world-a shorter route than the one we were so carefully blazing, and probably that by which those others had descended.

At any rate, the thing we did was to study the terrible sketches-which quite perfectly confirmed our own-and start back over the indicated course to the circular place; the course which our nameless predecessors must have traversed twice before us.  The other neighboring gate to the abyss would lie beyond that.  I need not speak of our journey-during which we continued to leave an economical trail of paper-for it was precisely the same in kind as that by which we had reached the cul-de-sac; except that it tended to adhere more closely to the ground level and even descend to basement corridors.  Every now and then we could trace certain disturbing marks in the debris or litter underfoot; and after we had passed outside the radius of the gasoline scent, we were again faintly conscious-spasmodically-of that more hideous and more persistent scent.  After the way had branched from our former course, we sometimes gave the rays of our single torch a furtive sweep along the walls; noting in almost every case the well-nigh omnipresent sculptures, which indeed seem to have formed a main aesthetic outlet for the Old Ones.

About 9: 30 P.  M., while traversing a long, vaulted corridor whose increasingly glaciated floor seemed somewhat below the ground level and whose roof grew lower as we advanced, we began to see strong daylight ahead and were able to turn off our torch.  It appeared that we were coming to the vast circular place, and that our distance from the upper air could not be very great.  The corridor ended in an arch surprisingly low for these megalithic ruins, but we could see much through it even before we emerged.  Beyond there stretched a prodigious round space-fully two hundred feet in diameter-strewn with debris and containing many choked archways corresponding to the one we were about to cross.  The walls were-in available spaces-boldly sculptured into a spiral band of heroic proportions; and displayed, despite the destructive weathering caused by the openness of the spot, an artistic splendor far beyond anything we had encountered before.  The littered floor was quite heavily glaciated, and we fancied that the true bottom lay at a considerably lower depth.

But the salient object of the place was the titanic stone ramp which, eluding the archways by a sharp turn outward into the open floor, wound spirally up the stupendous cylindrical wall like an inside counterpart of those once climbing outside the monstrous towers or ziggurats of antique Babylon.  Only the rapidity of our flight, and the perspective which confounded the descent with the tower ’ s inner wall, had prevented our noticing this feature from the air, and thus caused us to seek another avenue to the subglacial level.  Pabodie might have been able to tell what sort of engineering held it in place, but Danforth and I could merely admire and marvel.  We could see mighty stone corbels and pillars here and there, but what we saw seemed inadequate to the function performed.  The thing was excellently preserved up to the present top of the tower-a highly remarkable circumstance in view of its exposure-and its shelter had done much to protect the bizarre and disturbing cosmic sculptures on the walls.

As we stepped out into the awesome half daylight of this monstrous cylinder bottom-fifty million years old, and without doubt the most primally ancient structure ever to meet our eyes-we saw that the ramp-traversed sides stretched dizzily up to a height of fully sixty feet.  This, we recalled from our aerial survey, meant an outside glaciation of some forty feet; since the yawning gulf we had seen from the plane had been at the top of an approximately twenty-foot mound of crumbled masonry, somewhat sheltered for three-fourths of its circumference by the massive curving walls of a line of higher ruins.  According to the sculptures, the original tower had stood in the center of an immense circular plaza, and had been perhaps five hundred or six hundred feet high, with tiers of horizontal disks near the top, and a row of needlelike spires along the upper rim.  Most of the masonry had obviously toppled outward rather than inward-a fortunate happening, since otherwise the ramp might have been shattered and the whole interior choked.  As it was, the ramp showed sad battering; whilst the choking was such that all the archways at the bottom seemed to have been recently cleared.

It took us only a moment to conclude that this was indeed the route by which those others had descended, and that this would be the logical route for our own ascent despite the long trail of paper we had left elsewhere.  The tower ’ s mouth was no farther from the foothills and our waiting plane than was the great terraced building we had entered, and any further subglacial exploration we might make on this trip would lie in this general region.  Oddly, we were still thinking about possible later trips-even after all we had seen and guessed.  Then, as we picked our way cautiously over the debris of the great floor, there came a sight which for the time excluded all other matters.

It was the neatly huddled array of three sledges in that farther angle of the ramp ’ s lower and outward-projecting course which had hitherto been screened from our view.  There they were-the three sledges missing from Lake ’ s camp-shaken by a hard usage which must have included forcible dragging along great reaches of snowless masonry and debris, as well as much hand portage over utterly unnavigable places.  They were carefully and intelligently packed and strapped, and contained things memorably familiar enough: the gasoline stove, fuel cans, instrument cases, provision tins, tarpaulins obviously bulging with books, and some bulging with less obvious contents-everything derived from Lake ’ s equipment.

Alfer what we had found in that other room, we were in a measure prepared for this encounter.  The really great shock came when we stepped over and undid one tarpaulin whose outlines had peculiarly disquieted us.  It seems that others as well as Lake had been interested in collecting typical specimens; for there were two here, both stiffly frozen, perfectly preserved, patched with adhesive plaster where some wounds around the neck had occurred, and wrapped with care to prevent further damage.  They were the bodies of young Gedney and the missing dog.
X

Many people will probably judge us callous as well as mad for thinking about the northward tunnel and the abyss so soon after our somber discovery, and I am not prepared to say that we would have immediately revived such thoughts but for a specific circumstance which broke in upon us and set up a whole new train of speculations.  We had replaced the tarpaulin over poor Gedney and were standing in a kind of mute bewilderment when the sounds finally reached our consciousness-the first sounds we had heard since descending out of the open where the mountain wind whined faintly from its unearthly heights.  Well-known and mundane though they were, their presence in this remote world of death was more unexpected and unnerving than any grotesque or fabulous tones ‘ could possibly have been-since they gave a fresh upsetting to all our notions of cosmic harmony.

Had it been some trace of that bizarre musical piping over a wide range which Lake ’ s dissection report had led us to expect in those others-and which, indeed, our overwrought fancies had been reading into every wind howl we had heard since coming on the camp horror-it would have had a kind of hellish congruity with the aeon-dead region around us.  A voice from other epochs belongs in a graveyard of other epochs.  As it was, however, the noise shattered all our profoundly seated adjustments-all our tacit acceptance of the inner antarctic as a waste utterly and irrevocably void of every vestige of normal life.  What we heard was not the fabulous note of any buried blasphemy of elder earth from whose supernal toughness an age-denied polar sun had evoked a monstrous response.  Instead, it was a thing so mockingly normal and so unerringly familiarized by our sea days off Victoria Land and our camp days at McMurdo Sound that we shuddered to think of it here, where such things ought not to be.  To be brief-it was simply the raucous squawking of a penguin.

The muffled sound floated from subglacial recesses nearly opposite to the corridor whence we had come-regions manifestly in the direction of that other tunnel to the vast abyss.  The presence of a living water bird in such a direction-in a world whose surface was one of age-long and uniform lifelessness-could lead to only one conclusion; hence our first thought was to verify the objective reality of the sound.  It was, indeed, repeated, and seemed at times to come from more than one throat.  Seeking its source, we entered an archway from which much debris had been cleared; resuming our trail blazing-with an added paper supply taken with curious repugnance from one of the tarpaulin bundles on the sledges-when we left daylight behind.

As the glaciated floor gave place to a litter of detritus, we plainly discerned some curious, dragging tracks; and once Danforth found a distinct print of a sort whose description would be only too superfluous.  The course indicated by the penguin cries was precisely what our map and compass prescribed as an approach to the more northerly tunnel mouth, and we were glad to find that a bridgeless thoroughfare on the ground and basement levels seemed open.  The tunnel, according to the chart, ought to start from the basement of a large pyramidal structure which we seemed vaguely to recall from our aerial survey as remarkably well-preserved.  Along our path the single torch showed a customary profusion of carvings, but we did not pause to examine any of these.

Suddenly a bulky white shape loomed up ahead of us, and we flashed on the second torch.  It is odd how wholly this new quest had turned our minds from earlier fears of what might lurk near.  Those other ones, having left their supplies in the great circular place, must have planned to return after their scouting trip toward or into the abyss; yet we had now discarded all caution concerning them as completely as if they had never existed.  This white, waddling thing was fully six feet high, yet we seemed to realize at once that it was not one of those others.  They were larger and dark, and, according to the sculptures, their motion over land surfaces was a swift, assured matter despite the queerness of their sea-born tentacle equipment.  But to say that the white thing did not profoundly frighten us would be vain.  We were indeed clutched for an instant by primitive dread almost sharper than the worst of our reasoned fears regarding those others.  Then came a flash of anticlimax as the white shape sidled into a lateral archway to our left to join two others of its kind which had summoned it in raucous tones.  For it was only a penguin-albeit of a huge, unknown species larger than the greatest of the known king penguins, and monstrous in its combined albinism and virtual eyelessness.

When we had followed the thing into the archway and turned both our torches on the indifferent and unheeding group of three, we saw that they were all eyeless albinos of the same unknown and gigantic species.  Their size reminded us of some of the archaic penguins depicted in the Old Ones ’ sculptures, and it did not take us long to conclude that they were descended from the same stock-undoubtedly surviving through a retreat to some warmer inner region whose perpetual blackness had destroyed their pigmentation and atrophied their eyes to mere useless slits.  That their present habitat was the vast abyss we sought, was not for a moment to be doubted; and this evidence of the gulf ’ s continued warmth and habitability filled us with the most curious and subtly perturbing fancies.

We wondered, too, what had caused these three birds to venture out of their usual domain.  The state and silence of the great dead city made it clear that it had at no time been an habitual seasonal rookery, whilst the manifest indifference of the trio to our presence made it seem odd that any passing party of those others should have startled them.  Was it possible that those others had taken some aggressive action or t-ried to increase their meat supply? We doubted whether that pungent odor which the dogs had hated could cause an equal antipathy in these penguins, since their ancestors had obviously lived on excellent terms with the Old Ones-an amicable relationship which must have survived in the abyss below as long as any of the Old Ones remained.  Regretting-in a flare-up of the old spirit of pure science-that we could not photograph these anomalous creatures, we shortly left them to their squawking and pushed on toward the abyss whose openness was now so positively proved to us, and whose exact direction occasional penguin tracks made clear.

Not long afterward a steep descent in a long, low, doorless, and peculiarly sculptureless corridor led us to believe that we were approaching the tunnel mouth at last.  We had passed two more penguins, and heard others immediately ahead.  Then the corridor ended in a prodigious open space which made us gasp involuntarily-a perfect inverted hemisphere, obviously deep underground; fully a hundred feet in diameter and fifty feet high, with low archways opening around all parts of the circumference but one, and that one yawning cavernously with a black, arched aperture which broke the symmetry of the vault to a height of nearly fifteen feet.  It was the entrance to the great abyss.

In this vast hemisphere, whose concave roof was impressively though decadently carved to a likeness of the primordial celestial dome, a few albino penguins waddled-aliens there, but indifferent and unseeing.  The black tunnel yawned indefinitely off at a steep, descending grade, its aperture adorned with grotesquely chiseled jambs and lintel.  From that cryptical mouth we fancied a current of slightly warmer air, and perhaps even a suspicion of vapor proceeded; and we wondered what living entities other than penguins the limitless void below, and the contiguous honeycombings of the land and the titan mountains, might conceal.  We wondered, too, whether the trace of mountaintop smoke at first suspected by poor Lake, as well as the odd haze we had ourselves perceived around the rampart-crowned peak, might not be caused by the tortuous-channeled rising of some such vapor from the unfathomed regions of earth ’ s core.

Entering the tunnel, we saw that its outline was-at least at the start-about fifteen feet each way-sides, floor, and arched roof composed of the usual megalithic masonry.  The sides were sparsely decorated with cartouches of conventional designs in a late, decadent style; and all the construction and carving were marvelously well-preserved.  The floor was quite clear, except for a slight detritus bearing outgoing penguin tracks and the inward tracks of these others.  The farther one advanced, the warmer it became; so that we were soon unbuttoning our heavy garments.  We wondered whether there were any actually igneous manifestations below, and whether the waters of that sunless sea were hot.  Alter a short distance the masonry gave place to solid rock, though the tunnel kept the same proportions and presented the same aspect of carved regularity.  Occasionally its varying grade became so steep that grooves were cut in the floor.  Several times we noted the mouths of small lateral galleries not recorded in our diagrams; none of them such as to complicate the problem of our return, and all of them welcome as possible refuges in case we met unwelcome entities on their way back from the abyss.  The nameless scent of such things was very distinct.  Doubtless it was suicidally foolish to venture into that tunnel under the known conditions, but the lure of the unplumbed is stronger in certain persons than most suspect-indeed, it was just such a lure which had brought us to this unearthly polar waste in the first place.  We saw several penguins as we passed along, and speculated on the distance we would have to traverse.  The carvings had led us to expect a steep downhill walk of about a mile to the abyss, but our previous wanderings had shown us that matters of scale were not wholly to be depended on.

Alter about a quarter of a mile that nameless scent became greatly accentuated, and we kept very careful track of the various lateral openings we passed.  There was no visible vapor as at the mouth, but this was doubtless due to the lack of contrasting cooler air.  The temperature was rapidly ascending, and we were not surprised to come upon a careless heap of material shudderingly familiar to us.  It was composed of furs and tent cloth taken from Lake ’ s camp, and we did not pause to study the bizarre forms into which the fabrics had been slashed.  Slightly beyond this point we noticed a decided increase in the size and number of the side galleries, and concluded that the densely honeycombed region beneath the higher foothills must now have been reached.  The nameless scent was now curiously mixed with another and scarcely less offensive odor-of what nature we could not guess, though we thought of decaying organisms and perhaps unknown subterranean fungi.  Then came a startling expansion of the tunnel for which the carvings had not prepared us-a broadening and rising into a lofty, natural-looking elliptical cavern with a level floor, some seventy-five feet long and fifty broad, and with many immense side passages leading away into cryptical darkness.

Though this cavern was natural in appearance, an inspection with both torches suggested that it had been formed by the artificial destruction of several walls between adjacent honeycombings.  The walls were rough, and the high, vaulted roof was thick with stalactites; but the solid rock floor had been smoothed off, and was free from all debris, detritus, or even dust to a positively abnormal extent.  Except for the avenue through which we had come, this was true of the floors of all the great galleries opening off from it; and the singularity of the condition was such as to set us vainly puzzling.  The curious new fetor which had supplemented the nameless scent was excessively pungent here; so much so that it destroyed all trace of the other.  Something about this whole place, with its polished and almost glistening floor, struck us as more vaguely baffling and horrible than any of the monstrous things we had previously encountered.

The regularity of the passage immediately ahead, as well as the larger proportion of penguin-droppings there, prevented all confusion as to the right course amidst this plethora of equally great cave mouths.  Nevertheless we resolved to resume our paper trailblazing if any further complexity should develop; for dust tracks, of course, could no longer be expected.  Upon resuming our direct progress we cast a beam of torchlight over the tunnel walls-and stopped short in amazement at the supremely radical change which had come over the carvings in this part of the passage.  We realized, of course, the great decadence of the Old Ones ’ sculpture at the time of the tunneling, and had indeed noticed the inferior workmanship of the arabesques in the stretches behind us.  But now, in this deeper section beyond the cavern, there was a sudden difference wholly transcending explanation-a difference in basic nature as well as in mere quality, and involving so profound and calamitous a degradation of skill that nothing in the hitherto observed rate of decline could have led one to expect it.

This new and degenerate work was coarse, bold, and wholly lacking in delicacy of detail.  It was countersunk with exaggerated depth in bands following the same general line as the sparse car-touches of the earlier sections, but the height of the reliefs did not reach the level of the general surface.  Danforth had the idea that it was a second carving-a sort of palimpsest formed after the obliteration of a previous design.  In nature it was wholly decorative and conventional, and consisted of crude spirals and angles roughly following the quintile mathematical tradition of the Old Ones, yet seemingly more like a parody than a perpetuation of that tradition.  We could not get it out of our minds that some subtly but profoundly alien element had been added to the aesthetic feeling behind the technique-an alien element, Danforth guessed, that was responsible for the laborious substitution.  It was like, yet disturbingly unlike, what we had come to recognize as the Old Ones ’ art; and I was persistently reminded of such hybrid things as the ungainly Palmyrene sculptures fashioned in the Roman manner.  That others had recently noticed this belt of carving was hinted by the presence of a used flashlight battery on the floor in front of one of the most characteristic cartouches.

Since we could not afford to spend any considerable time in study, we resumed our advance after a cursory look; though frequently casting beams over the walls to see if any further decorative changes developed.  Nothing of the sort was perceived, though the carvings were in places rather sparse because of the numerous mouths of smooth-floored lateral tunnels.  We saw and heard fewer penguins, but thought we caught a vague suspicion of an infinitely distant chorus of them somewhere deep within the earth.  The new and inexplicable odor was abominably strong, and we could detect scarcely a sign of that other nameless scent.  Puffs of visible vapor ahead bespoke increasing contrasts in temperature, and the relative nearness of the sunless sea cliffs of the great abyss.  Then, quite unexpectedly, we saw certain obstructions on the polished floor ahead-obstructions which were quite definitely not penguins-and turned on our second torch after making sure that the objects were quite stationary.
XI

Still another time have I come to a place where it is very difficult to proceed.  I ought to be hardened by this stage; but there are some experiences and intimations which scar too deeply to permit of healing, and leave only such an added sensitiveness that memory reinspires all the original horror.  We saw, as I have said, certain obstructions on the polished floor ahead; and I may add that our nostrils were assailed almost simultaneously by a very curious intensification of the strange prevailing fetor, now quite plainly mixed with the nameless stench of those others which had gone before.  The light of the second torch left no doubt of what the obstructions were, and we dared approach them only because we could see, even from a distance, that they were quite as past all harming power as had been the six similar specimens unearthed from the monstrous star-mounded graves at poor Lake ’ s camp.

They were, indeed, as lacking-in completeness as most of those we had unearthed-though it grew plain from the thick, dark green pool gathering around them that their incompleteness was of infinitely greater recency.  There seemed to be only four of them, whereas Lake ’ s bulletins would have suggested no less than eight as forming the group which had preceded us.  To find them in this state was wholly unexpected, and we wondered what sort of monstrous struggle had occurred down here in the dark.

Penguins, attacked in a body, retaliate savagely with their beaks, and our ears now made certain the existence of a rookery far beyond.  Had those others disturbed such a place and aroused murderous pursuit? The obstructions did not suggest it, for penguins ’ beaks against the tough tissues Lake had dissected could hardly account for the terrible damage our approaching glance was beginning to make out.  Besides, the huge blind birds we had seen appeared to be singularly peaceful.

Had there, then, been a struggle among those others, and were the absent four responsible? If so, where were they? Were they close at hand and likely to form an immediate menace to us? We glanced anxiously at some of the smooth-floored lateral passages as we continued our slow and frankly reluctant approach.  Whatever the conflict was, it had clearly been that which had frightened the penguins into their unaccustomed wandering.  It must, then, have arisen near that faintly heard rookery in the incalculable gulf beyond, since there were no signs that any birds had normally dwelt here.  Perhaps, we reflected, there had been a hideous running fight, with the weaker party seeking to get back to the cached sledges when their pursuers finished them.  One could picture the demoniac fray between namelessly monstrous entities as it surged out of the black abyss with great clouds of frantic penguins squawking and scurrying ahead.

I say that we approached those sprawling and incomplete obstructions slowly and reluctantly.  Would to Heaven we had never approached them at all, but had run back at top speed out of that blasphemous tunnel with the greasily smooth floors and the degenerate murals aping and mocking the things they had superseded-run back, before we had seen what we did see, and before our minds were burned with something which will never let us breathe easily again!

Both of our torches were turned on the prostrate objects, so that we soon realized the dominant factor in their incompleteness.  Mauled, compressed, twisted, and ruptured as they were, their chief common injury was total decapitation.  From each one the tentacled starfish head had been removed; and as we drew near we saw that the manner of removal looked more like some hellish tearing or suction than like any ordinary form of cleavage.  Their noisome dark-green ichor formed a large, spreading pOOl; but its stench was half overshadowed by the newer and stranger stench, here more pungent than at any other point along our route.  Only when we had come very close to the sprawling obstructions could we trace that second, unexplainable fetor to any immediate source-and the instant we did so Danforth, remembering certain very vivid sculptures of the Old Ones ’ history in the Permian Age one hundred and fifty million years ago, gave vent to a nerve-tortured cry which echoed hysterically through that vaulted and archaic passage with the evil, palimpsest carvings.

I came only just short of echoing his cry myself; for I had seen those primal sculptures, too, and had shudderingly admired the way the nameless artist had suggested that hideous slime coating found on certain incomplete and prostrate Old Ones-those whom the frightful Shoggoths had characteristically slain and sucked to a ghastly headlessness in the great war of resubjugation.  They were infamous, nightmare sculptures even when telling of age-old, bygone things; for Shoggoths and their work ought not to be seen by human beings or portrayed by any beings.  The mad author of the Necronomicon had nervously tried to swear that none had been bred on this planet, and that only drugged dreamers had even conceived them.  Formless protoplasm able to mock and reflect all forms and organs and processes-viscous agglutinations of bubbling cells-rubbery fifteen-foot spheroids infinitely plastic and ductile-slaves of suggestion, builders of cities-more and more sullen, more and more intelligent, more and more amphibious, more and more imitative! Great God! What madness made even those blasphemous Old Ones willing to use and carve such things?

And now, when Danforth and I saw the freshly glistening and reflectively iridescent black slime which clung thickly to those headless bodies and stank obscenely with that new, unknown odor whose cause only a diseased fancy could envisage-clung to those bodies and sparkled less voluminously on a smooth part of the accursedly resculptured wall in a series of grouped dots-we understood the quality of cosmic fear to its uttermost depths.  It was not fear of those four missing others-for all too well did we suspect they would do no harm again.  Poor devils! Alter all, they were not evil things of their kind.  They were the men of another age and another order of being.  Nature had played a hellish jest on them-as it will on any others that human madness, callousness, or cruelty may hereafter dig up in that hideously dead or sleeping polar waste-and this was their tragic homecoming.  They had not been even savages-for what indeed had they done? That awful awakening in the cold of an unknown epoch-perhaps an attack by the furry, frantically barking quadrupeds, and a dazed defense against them and the equally frantic white simians with the queer wrappings and paraphernalia...  poor Lake, poor Gedney...  and poor Old Ones! Scientists to the last-what had they done that we would not have done in their place? God, what intelligence and persistence! What a facing of the incredible, just as those carven kinsmen and forbears had faced things only a little less incredible! Radiates, vegetables, monstrosities, star spawn-whatever they had been, they were men!

They had crossed the icy peaks on whose templed slopes they had once worshipped and roamed among the tree ferns.  They had found their dead city brooding under its curse, and had read its carven latter days as we had done.  They had tried to reach their living fellows in fabled depths of blackness they had never seen-and what had they found? All this flashed in unison through the thoughts of Danforth and me as we looked from those headless, slime-coated shapes to the loathsome palimpsest sculptures and the diabolical dot groups of fresh slime on the wall beside them-looked and understood what must have triumphed and survived down there in the Cyclopean water city of that nighted, penguin-fringed abyss, whence even now a sinister curling mist had begun to belch pallidly as if in answer to Danforth ’ s hysterical scream.

The shock of recognizing that monstrous slime and headlessness had frozen us into mute, motionless statues, and it is only through later conversations that we have learned of the complete identity of our thoughts at that moment.  It seemed aeons that we stood there, but actually it could not have been more than ten or fifteen seconds.  That hateful, pallid mist curled forward as if veritably driven by some remoter advancing bulk-and then came a sound which upset much of what we had just decided, and in so doing broke the spell and enabled us to run like mad past squawking, confused penguins over our former trail back to the city, along ice-sunken megalithic corridors to the great open circle, and up that archaic spiral ramp in a frenzied, automatic plunge for the sane outer air and light of day.

The new sound, as I have intimated, upset much that we had decided; because it was what poor Lake ’ s dissection had led us to attribute to those we had judged dead.  It was, Danforth later told me, precisely what he had caught in infinitely muffled form when at that spot beyond the alley corner above the glacial level; and it certainly had a shocking resemblance to the wind pipings we had both heard around the lofty mountain caves.  At the risk of seeming puerile I will add another thing, too, if only because of the surprising way Danforth ’ s impressions chimed with mine.  Of course common reading is what prepared us both to make the interpretation, though Danforth has hinted at queer notions about unsuspected and forbidden sources to which Poe may have had access when writing his Arthur Gordon Pym a century ago.  It will be remembered that in that fantastic tale there is a word of unknown but terrible and prodigious significance connected with the antarctic and screamed eternally by the gigantic spectrally snowy birds of that malign region ’ s core.  "Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" That, I may admit, is exactly what we thought we heard conveyed by that sudden sound behind the advancing white mist-that insidious musical piping over a singularly wide range.

We were in full flight before three notes or syllables had been uttered, though we knew that the swiftness of the Old Ones would enable any scream-roused and pursuing survivor of the slaughter to overtake us in a moment if it really wished to do so.  We had a vague hope, however, that nonaggressive conduct and a display of kindred reason might cause such a being to spare us in case of capture, if only from scientific curiosity.  Alter all, if such an one had nothing to fear for itself, it would have no motive in harming us.  Concealment being futile at this juncture, we used our torch for a running glance behind, and perceived that the mist was thinning.  Would we see, at last, a complete and living specimen of those others? Again came that insidious musical piping-[[Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" Then, noting that we were actually gaining on our pursuer, it occurred to us that the entity might be wounded.  We could take no chances, however, since it was very obviously approaching in answer to Danforth ’ s scream, rather than in flight from any other entity.  The timing was too close to admit of doubt.  Of the whereabouts of that less conceivable and less mentionable nightmare-that fetid, unglimpsed mountain of slime-spewing protoplasm whose race had conquered the abyss and sent land pioneers to recarve and squirm through the burrows of the hills-we could form no guess; and it cost us a genuine pang to leave this probably crippled Old One-perhaps a lone survivor-to the peril of recapture and a nameless fate.

Thank Heaven we did not slacken our run.  The curling mist had thickened again, and was driving ahead with increased speed; whilst the straying penguins in our rear were squawking and screaming and displaying signs of a panic really surprising in view of their relatively minor confusion when we had passed them.  Once more came that sinister, wide-ranged piping-[[Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" We had been wrong.  The thing was not wounded, but had merely paused on encountering the bodies of its fallen kindred and the hellish slime inscription above them.  We could never know what that demon message was-but those burials at Lake ’ s camp had shown how much importance the beings attached to their dead.  Our recklessly used torch now revealed ahead of us the large open cavern where various ways converged, and we were glad to be leaving those morbid palimpsest sculptures-almost felt even when scarcely seen-behind.  Another thought which the advent of the cave inspired was the possibility of losing our pursuer at this bewildering focus of large galleries.  There were several of the blind albino penguins in the open space, and it seemed clear that their fear of the oncoming entity was extreme to the point of unaccountability.  If at that point we dimmed our torch to the very lowest limit of traveling need, keeping it strictly in front of us, the frightened squawking motions of the huge birds in the mist might muffle our footfalls, screen our true course, and somehow set up a false lead.  Amidst the churning, spiraling fog, the littered and unglistening floor of the main tunnel beyond this point, as differing from the other morbidly polished burrows, could hardly form a highly distinguishing feature; even, so far as we could conjecture, for those indicated special senses which made the Old Ones partly, though imperfectly, independent of light in emergencies.  In fact, we were somewhat apprehensive lest we go astray ourselves in our haste.  For we had, of course, decided to keep straight on toward the dead city; since the consequences of loss in those unknown foothill honeycombings would be unthinkable.

The fact that we survived and emerged is sufficient proof that the thing did take a wrong gallery whilst we providentially hit on the right one.  The penguins alone could not have saved us, but in conjunction with the mist they seem to have done so.  Only a benign fate kept the curling vapors thick enough at the right moment, for they were constantly shifting and threatening to vanish.  Indeed, they did lift for a second just before we emerged from the nauseously resculptured tunnel into the cave; so that we actually caught one first and only half glimpse of the oncoming entity as we cast a final, desperately fearful glance backward before dimming the torch and mixing with the penguins in the hope of dodging pursuit.  If the fate which screened us was benign, that which gave us the half glimpse was infinitely the opposite; for to that flash of semivision can be traced a full half of the horror which has ever since haunted us.

Our exact motive in looking back again was perhaps no more than the immemorial instinct of the pursued to gauge the nature and course of its pursuer; or perhaps it was an automatic attempt to answer a subconscious question raised by one of our senses.  In the midst of our flight, with all our faculties centered on the problem of escape, we were in no condition to observe and analyze details; yet even so, our latent brain cells must have wondered at the message brought them by our nostrils.  Alterward we realized what it was-that our retreat from the fetid slime coating on those headless obstructions, and the coincident approach of the pursuing entity, had not brought us the exchange of stenches which logic called for.  In the neighborhood of the prostrate things that new and lately unexplainable fetor had been wholly dominant; but by this time it ought to have largely given place to the nameless stench associated with those others.  This it had not done-for instead, the newer and less bearable smell was now virtually undiluted, and growing more and more poisonously insistent each second.

So we glanced back simultaneously, it would appear; though no doubt the incipient motion of one prompted the imitation of the other.  As we did so we flashed both torches full strength at the momentarily thinned mist; either from sheer primitive anxiety to see all we could, or in a less primitive but equally unconscious effort to dazzle the entity before we dimmed our light and dodged among the penguins of the labyrinth center ahead.  Unhappy act! Not Orpheus himself, or Lot ’ s wife, paid much more dearly for a backward glance.  And again came that shocking, wide-ranged piping-[[Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!]]

I might as well be frank-even if I cannot bear to be quite direct-in stating what we saw; though at the time we felt that it was not to be admitted even to each other.  The words reaching the reader can never even suggest the awfulness of the sight itself.  It crippled our consciousness so completely that I wonder we had the residual sense to dim our torches as planned, and to strike the right tunnel toward the dead city.  Instinct alone must have carried us through-perhaps better than reason could have done; though if that was what saved us, we paid a high price.  Of reason we certainly had little enough left.

Danforth was totally unstrung, and the first thing I remember of the rest of the journey was hearing him lightheadedly chant an hysterical formula in which I alone of mankind could have found anything but insane irrelevance.  It reverberated in falsetto echoes among the squawks of the penguins; reverberated through the vaultings ahead, and-thank God-through the now empty vaultings behind.  He could not have begun it at once-else we would not have been alive and blindly racing.  I shudder to think of what a shade of difference in his nervous reactions might have brought.

[[South Station Under-Washington Under-Park Street Under-Kendall-Central-Harvard-[[The poor fellow was chanting the familiar stations of the Boston-Cambridge tunnel that burrowed through our peaceful native soil thousands of miles away in New England, yet to me the ritual had neither irrelevance nor home feeling.  It had only horror, because I knew unerringly the monstrous, nefandous analogy that had suggested it.  We had expected, upon looking back, to see a terrible and incredible moving entity if the mists were thin enough; but of that entity we had formed a clear idea.  What we did see-for the mists were indeed all too maliguly thinned-was something altogether different, and immeasurably more hideous and detestable.  It was the utter, objective embodiment of the fantastic novelist ’ s "thing that should not be "; and its nearest comprehensible analogue is a vast, onrushing subway train as one sees it from a station platform-the great black front looming colossally out of infinite subterranean distance, constellated with strangely colored lights and filling the prodigious burrow as a piston fills a cylinder.

But we were not on a station platform.  We were on the track ahead as the nightmare, plastic column of fetid black iridescence oozed tightly onward through its fifteen-foot sinus, gathering unholy speed and driving before it a spiral, rethickening cloud of the pallid abyss vapor.  It was a terrible, indescribable thing vaster than any subway train-a shapeless congeries of protoplasmic bubbles, faintly self-luminous, and with myriads of temporary eyes forming and un-forming as pustules of greenish light all over the tunnel-filling front that bore down upon us, crushing the frantic penguins and slithering over the glistening floor that it and its kind had swept so evilly free of all litter.  Still came that eldritch, mocking cry-[[Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" and at last we remembered that the demoniac Shoggoths-given life, thought, and plastic organ patterns solely by the Old Ones, and having no language save that which the dot groups expressed-had likewise no voice save the imitated accents of their bygone masters.
XII

Danforth and I have recollections of emerging into the great sculptured hemisphere and of threading our back trail through the Cyclopean rooms and corridors of the dead city; yet these are purely dream fragments involving no memory of volition, details, or physical exertion.  It was as if we floated in a nebulous world or dimension without time, causation, or orientation.  The gray half-daylight of the vast circular space sobered us somewhat; but we did not go near those cached sledges or look again at poor Gedney and the dog.  They have a strange and titanic mausoleum, and I hope the end of this planet will find them still undisturbed.

It was while struggling up the colossal spiral incline that we first felt the terrible fatigue and short breath which our race through the thin plateau air had produced; but not even fear of collapse could make us pause before reaching the normal outer realm of sun and sky.  There was something vaguely appropriate about our departure from those buried epochs; for as we wound our panting way up the sixty-foot cylinder of primal masonry, we glimpsed beside us a continuous procession of heroic sculptures in the dead race ’ s early and undecayed technique-a farewell from the Old Ones, written fifty million years ago.

Finally scrambling out at the top, we found ourselves on a great mound of tumbled blocks, with the curved walls of higher stonework rising westward, and the brooding peaks of the great mountains showing beyond the more crumbled structures toward the east.  The low antarctic sun of midnight peered redly from the southern horizon through rifts in the jagged ruins, and the terrible age and deadness of the nightmare city seemed all the starker by contrast with such relatively known and accustomed things as the features of the polar landscape.  The sky above was a churning and opalescent mass of tenuous ice-vapors, and the cold clutched at our vitals.  Wearily resting the outfit-bags to which we had instinctively clung throughout our desperate flight, we rebuttoned our heavy garments for the stumbling climb down the mound and the walk through the aeon-old stone maze to the foothills where our aeroplane waited.  Of what had set us fleeing from that darkness of earth ’ s secret and archaic gulfs we said nothing at all.

In less than a quarter of an hour we had found the steep grade to the foothills-the probable ancient terrace-by which we had descended, and could see the dark bulk of our great plane amidst the sparse ruins on the rising slope ahead.  Halfway uphill toward our goal we paused for a momentary breathing spell, and turned to look again at the fantastic tangle of incredible stone shapes below us-once more outlined mystically against an unknown west.  As we did so we saw that the sky beyond had lost its morning haziness; the restless ice-vapors having moved up to the zenith, where their mocking outlines seemed on the point of settling into some bizarre pattern which they feared to make quite definite or conclusive.

There now lay revealed on the ultimate white horizon behind the grotesque city a dim, elfin line of pinnacled violet whose needle-pointed heights loomed dreamlike against the beckoning rose color of the western sky.  Up toward this shimmering rim sloped the ancient table-land, the depressed course of the bygone river traversing it as an irregular ribbon of shadow.  For a second we gasped in admiration of the scene ’ s unearthly cosmic beauty, and then vague horror began to creep into our souls.  For this far violet line could be nothing else than the terrible mountains of the forbidden land-highest of earth ’ s peaks and focus of earth ’ s evil; harborers of nameless horrors and Archaean secrets; shunned and prayed to by those who feared to carve their meaning; untrodden by any living thing on earth, but visited by the sinister lightnings and sending strange beams across the plains in the polar night-beyond doubt the unknown archetype of that dreaded Kadath in the Cold Waste beyond abhorrent Leng, whereof primal legends hint evasively.

If the sculptured maps and pictures in that prehuman city had told truly, these cryptic violet mountains could not be much less than three hundred miles away; yet none the less sharply did their dim elfin essence appear above that remote and snowy rim, like the serrated edge of a monstrous alien planet about to rise into unaccustomed heavens.  Their height, then, must have been tremendous beyond all comparison-carrying them up into tenuous atmospheric strata peopled only by such gaseous wraiths as rash flyers have barely lived to whisper of after unexplainable falls.  Looking at them, I thought nervously of certain sculptured hints of what the great bygone river had washed down into the city from their accursed slopes-and wondered how much sense and how much folly had lain in the fears of those Old Ones who carved them so reticently.  I recalled how their northerly end must come near the coast at Queen Mary Land, where even at that moment Sir Douglas Mawson ’ s expedition was doubtless working less than a thousand miles away; and hoped that no evil fate would give Sir Douglas and his men a glimpse of what might lie beyond the protecting coastal range.  Such thoughts formed a measure of my overwrought condition at the time-and Danforth seemed to be even worse.

Yet long before we had passed the great star-shaped ruin and reached our plane, our fears had become transferred to the lesser but vast-enough range whose recrossing lay ahead of us.  From these foothills the black, ruin-crusted slopes reared up starkly and hideously against the east, again reminding us of those strange Asian paintings of Nicholas Roerich; and when we thought of the frightful amorphous entities that might have pushed their fetidly squirming way even to the topmost hollow pinnacles, we could not face without panic the prospect of again sailing by those suggestive skyward cave mouths where the wind made sounds like an evil musical piping over a wide range.  To make matters worse, we saw distinct traces of local mist around several of the summits-as poor Lake must have done when he made that early mistake about volcanism-and thought shiveringly of that kindred mist from which we had just escaped; of that, and of the blasphemous, horror-fostering abyss whence all such vapors came.

All was well with the plane, and we clumsily hauled on our heavy flying furs.  Danforth got the engine started without trouble, and we made a very smooth take-off over the nightmare city.  Below us the primal Cyclopean masonry spread out as it had done when first we saw it, and we began rising and turning to test the wind for our crossing through the pass.  At a very high level there must have been great disturbance, since the ice-dust clouds of the zenith were doing all sorts of fantastic things; but at twenty-four thousand feet, the height we needed for the pass, we found navigation quite practicable.  As we drew close to the jutting peaks the wind ’ s strange piping again became manifest, and I could see Danforth ’ s hands trembling at the controls.  Rank amateur that I was, I thought at that moment that I might be a better navigator than he in effecting the dangerous crossing between pinnacles; and when I made motions to change seats and take over his duties he did not protest.  I tried to keep all my skill and self-possession about me, and stared at the sector of reddish farther sky betwixt the walls of the pass-resolutely refusing to pay attention to the puffs of mountain-top vapor, and wishing that I had wax-stopped ears like Ulysses ’ men off the Siren ’ s coast to keep that disturbing windpiping from my consciousness.

But Danforth, released from his piloting and keyed up to a dangerous nervous pitch, could not keep quiet.  I felt him turning and wriggling about as he looked back at the terrible receding city, ahead at the cave-riddled, cube-barnacled peaks, sidewise at the bleak sea of snowy, rampart-strewn foothills, and upward at the seething, grotesquely clouded sky.  It was then, just as I was trying to steer safely through the pass, that his mad shrieking brought us so close to disaster by shattering my tight hold on myself and causing me to fumble helplessly with the controls for a moment.  A second afterward my resolution triumphed and we made the crossing safely-yet I am afraid that Danforth will never be-the same again.

I have said that Danforth refused to tell me what final horror made him scream out so insanely-a horror which, I feel sadly sure, is mainly responsible for his present breakdown.  We had snatches of shouted conversation above the wind ’ s piping and the engine ’ s buzzing as we reached the safe side of the range and swooped slowly down toward the camp, but that had mostly to do with the pledges of secrecy we had made as we prepared to leave the nightmare city.  Certain things, we had agreed, were not for people to know and discuss lightly-and I would not speak of them now but for the need of heading off that Starkweather-Moore Expedition, and others, at any cost.  It is absolutely necessary, for the peace and safety of mankind, that some of earth ’ s dark, dead corners and unplumbed depths be let alone; lest sleeping abnormalities wake to resurgent life, and blasphemously surviving nightmares squirm and splash out of their black lairs to newer and wider conquests.

All that Danforth has ever hinted is that the final horror was a mirage.  It was not, he declares, anything connected with the cubes and caves of those echoing, vaporous, wormily-honeycombed mountains of madness which we crossed; but a single fantastic, demoniac glimpse, among the churning zenith clouds, of what lay back of those other violet westward mountains which the Old Ones had shunned and feared.  It is very probable that the thing was a sheer delusion born of the previous stresses we had passed through, and of the actual though unrecognized mirage of the dead transmontane city experienced near Lake ’ s camp the day before; but it was so real to Danforth that he suffers from it still.

He has on rare occasions whispered disjointed and irresponsible things about "The black pit," "the carven rim," "the protoShoggoths," "the windowless solids with five dimensions," "the nameless cylinder," "the elder Pharos," "Yog-Sothoth,[[[[the primal white jelly," "the color out of space," "the wings," "the eyes in darkness," "the moon-ladder," "the original, the eternal, the undying," and other bizarre conceptions; but when he is fully himself he repudiates all this and attributes it to his curious and macabre reading of earlier years.  Danforth, indeed, is known to be among the few who have ever dared go completely through that worm-riddled copy of the Necronomicon kept under lock and key in the college library.

The higher sky, as we crossed the range, was surely vaporous and disturbed enough; and although I did not see the zenith, I can well imagine that its swirls of ice dust may have taken strange forms.  Imagination, knowing how vividly distant scenes can sometimes be reflected, refracted, and magnified by such layers of restless cloud, might easily have supplied the rest-and, of course, Danforth did not hint any of these specific horrors till after his memory had had a chance to draw on his bygone reading.  He could never have seen so much in one instantaneous glance.

At the time, his shrieks were confined to the repetition of a single, mad word of all too obvious source:




















