Jorge Luis

Dreamtigers


The Maker

He had never dwelled on memory's delights. Impressions slid

over him, vivid but ephemeral. A potter's vermilion; the

heavens laden with stars that were also gods; the moon, from

which a lion had fallen; the slick feel of marble beneath slow

sensitive fingertips; the taste of wild boar meat, eagerly torn by

his white teeth; a Phoenician word; the black shadow a lance

casts on yellow sand; the nearness of the sea or of a woman; a

heavy wine, its roughness cut by honey-these could fill his

soul completely. He knew what terror was, but he also knew

anger and rage, and once he had been the first to scale an

enemy wall. Eager, curious, casual, with no other law than

fulfillment and the immediate indifference that ensues, he

walked the varied earth and saw, on one seashore or another,

the cities of men and their palaces. In crowded marketplaces

or at the foot of a mountain whose uncertain peak might be

inhabited by satyrs, he had listened to complicated tales which

he accepted, as he accepted reality, without asking whether

they were true or false.

Gradually now the beautiful universe was slipping away

from him. A stubborn mist erased the outline of his hand, the

night was no longer peopled by stars, the earth beneath his

feet was unsure. Everything was growing distant and blurred.

When he knew he was going blind he cried out; stoic modesty

had not yet been invented and Hector could flee with impunity. I will not see again, he felt, either the sky filled with mythical dread, or this face that the years will transform.

Over this desperation of his flesh passed days and nights. But

one morning he awoke; he looked, no longer alarmed, at the

dim things that surrounded him; and inexplicably he sensed,

as one recognizes a tune or a voice, that now it was over and

that he had faced it, with fear but also with joy, hope, and

curiosity. Then he descended into his memory, which seemed

to him endless, and up from that vertigo he succeeded in

bringing forth a forgotten recollection that shone like a coin

under the rain, perhaps because he had never looked at it,

unless in a dream.

The recollection was like this. Another boy had insulted him

22



and he had run lo his father and Lold him about it. His father

let him talk as if he were not listening or did not understand;

and he took down from the wall a bronze dagger, beautiful

and charged with power, which the boy had secretly coveted.

Now he had it in his hands and the surprise of possession

obliterated the affront he had suffered. But his father's voice

was saying, "Let someone know you are a man," and there

was a command in his voice. The night blotted out the paths;

clutching the dagger, in which he felt the foreboding of a

magic power, he descended the rough hillside that surrounded

the house and ran to the seashore, dreaming he was Ajax and

Perseus and peopling the salty darkness with battles and

wounds. The exact taste of that moment was what he was

seeking now; the rest did not matter: the insults of the duel,

the rude combat, the return home with the bloody blade.

Another memory, in which there was also a night and an

imminence of adventure, sprang out of that one. A woman,

the first the gods set aside for him, had waited for him in the

shadow of a hypogeum, and he had searched for her through

corridors that were like stone nets, along slopes that sank into

the shadow. Why did those memories come back to him, and

why did they come without bitterness, as a mere foreshadowing of the present?

In grave amazement he understood. In this night too, in

this night of his mortal eyes into which he was now descending, love and danger were again waiting. Ares and Aphrodite, for already he divined (already it encircled him) a murmur

of glory and hexameters, a murmur of men defending a

temple the gods will not save, and of black vessels searching

the sea for a beloved isle, the murmur of the Odysseys and

Iliads it was his destiny to sing and leave echoing concavely

in the memory of man. These things we know, but not those

that he felt when he descended into the last shade of all.

23

Dreamtigers

In my childhood I was a fervent worshiper of the tiger: not

the jaguar, the spotted "tiger" of the Amazonian tangles and

the isles of vegetation that float down the Parana, but that

striped, Asiatic, royal tiger, that can be faced only by a man

of war, on a castle atop an elephant. I used to linger endlessly

before one of the cages at the zoo; I judged vast encyclopedias

and books of natural history by the splendor of their tigers.

( I still remember those illustrations: I who cannot rightly recall the brow or the smile of a woman. ) Childhood passed away, and the tigers and my passion for them grew old, but

still they are in my dreams. At that submerged or chaotic

level they keep prevailing. And so, as I sleep, some dream

beguiles me, and suddenly I know I am dreaming. Then I

think: This is a dream, a pure diversion of my will; and now

that I have unlimited power, I am going to cause a tiger.

Oh, incompetence! Never can my dreams engender the wild

beast I long for. The tiger indeed appears, but stuffed or flimsy,

or with impure variations of shape, or of an implausible size,

or all too fleeting, or with a touch of the dog or the bird.

24



Dialogue on a Dialogue

A : "Absorbed in rationalizing about immortality, we had let

dusk come without lighting the lamp. We could not see each

other's faces. He kept repeating that the soul is immortal, and

the indifference and sweetness of Macedonia Fernandez's voice

were more convincing than fervor ever could have been. He

was assuring me that the death of the body is entirely insignificant and that dying must perforce be the fact most null and void that can happen to a man. I sat playing with Macedonia's clasp knife, opening and closing it. A nearby accordion kept infinitely grinding out La Cumparsita, that worn-out

trifle loved by so many because they think it's old-I proposed

that Macedonia and I commit suicide so we could go on discussing without being bothered."

Z : (ioking) : "But I suspect that in the end you decided not

to do it."

A : (now fully mystical) : "I don't really recall whether we

committed suicide that night."



Toenails

Soft stockings coddle them by day and nail-bossed leather

shoes buttress them, but my toes refuse to pay attention. Nothing interests them but emitting toenails, horny plates, semitransparent and elastic, to defend themselves-from whom?

Stupid and mistrustful as they alone can be, they never for a

moment stop readying that tenuous armament. They reject

the universe and its ecstasy to keep forever elaborating useless

sharp ends, which rude Solingen scissors snip over and over

again. Ninety days along in the dawn of prenatal confinement,

they established that singular industry. When I am laid away,

in an ash-colored house provided with dead flowers and amulets, they will still go on with their stubborn task, until they are moderated by decay. They-and the beard on my face.

The Draped Mirrors

Islam asserts that on the unappealable day of judgment every

perpetrator of the image of a living creature will be raised

from the dead with his works, and he will be commanded to

bring them to life, and he will fail, and be cast out with them

into the fires of punishment. As a child, I felt before large

mirrors that same horror of a spectral duplication or multiplication of reality. Their infallible and continuous functioning, their pursuit of my actions, their cosmic pantomime, were uncanny then, whenever it began to grow dark. One of my

persistent prayers to God and my guardian angel was that I

not dream about mirrors. I know I watched them with misgivings. Sometimes I feared they might begin to deviate from reality; other times I was afraid of seeing there my own face,

disfigured by s trange calamities. I have learned that this fear

is again monstrously abroad in the world. The story is simple

indeed, and disagreeable.

Around 1927 I met a sombre girl, first by telephone (for

Julia began as a nameless, faceless voice) , and, later, on a

corner toward evening. She had alarmingly large eyes, straight

blue-black hair, and an unbending body. Her grandfather and

great-grandfather were federales, as mine were unitarios, and

that ancient discord in our blood was for us a bond, a fuller

possession of the fatherland. She lived with her family in a

big old run-down house with very high ceilings, in the vapidity

and grudges of genteel poverty. Afternoons-some few times

in the evening-we went strolling in her neighborhood, Balvanera. We followed the thick wall by the railroad; once we walked along Sarmiento as far as the clearing for the Parque

Centenario. There was no love between us, or even pretense

of love: I sensed in her an intensity that was altogether foreign

to the erotic, and I feared iL. It is not uncommon to relate to

women, in an urge for intimacy, true or apochryphal circumstances of one's boyish past. I must have told her once about the mirrors and thus in t 928 I prompted a hallucination that

was to flower in 1 93 1 . Now, I have just learned that she has

lost her mind and that the mirrors in her room are draped

because she sees in them my reflection, usurping her own, and

2 7



she trembles and falls silent and says I am persecuting her by

magic.

What bitter slavishness, that of my face, that of one of my

former faces. This odious fate reserved for my features must

perforce make me odious too, but I no longer care.



Argumentum Ornithologicum

I close my eyes and see a flock of birds. The vision lasts a

second or perhaps less; I don't know how many birds I saw.

Were they a definite or an indefinite number? This problem

involves the question of the existence of God. If God exists, the

number is definite, because how many birds I saw is known

to God. If God does not exist, the number is indefinite, because

nobody was able to take count. In this case, I saw fewer than

ten birds (let's say) and more than one; but I did not see nine,

eight, seven, six, five, four, three, or two birds. I saw a number

between ten and one, but not nine, eight, seven, six, five, etc.

That number, as a whole number, is inconceivable; ergo, God

exists.



The Captive

The story is told in Junin or in Tapalque. A boy disappeared

after an Indian attack. People said the Indians had kidnaped

him. His parents searched for him in vain. Then, long years

later, a soldier who came from the interior told them about an

Indian with blue eyes who mighL well be their son. At length

they found him (the chronicle has lost the circumstances and

I will not invent what I do not know) and thought they recognized him. The man, buffeted by the wilderness and the barbaric life, no longer knew how to understand the words of his mother tongue, but indifferent and docile, he let himself be led

home. There he stopped, perhaps because the others stopped.

He looked at the door as if he did not know wha t it was for.

Then suddenly he lowered his head, let out a shout, ran across

the entrance way and the two long patios, and plunged into

the kitchen. ·without hesitating, he sank his arm into the

blackened chimney and pulled out the little horn-handled

knife he had hidden there as a boy. His eyes shone with joy

and his parents wept because they had found their son.

Perhaps this recollection was followed by others, but the

Indian could not live within walls, and one day he went in

search of his wilderness. I wonder what he felt in that dizzying moment when past and present became one. I wonder whether the lost son was reborn and died in that instant of

ecstasy; and whether he ever managed to recognize, if only as

an infant or a dog does, his parents and his home.

The Sham

It was one day in July, 1952, when the mourner appeared

in that little town in the Chaco. He was tall, thin, Indian-like,

with the inexpressive face of a mask or a dullard. People

treated him with deference, not for himself but rather for the

person he represented or had already become. He chose a site

near the river. With the help of some local women he set up

a board on two wooden horses and on top a cardboard box with

a blond doll in it. In addition, they lit four candles in tall

candlesticks and put flowers around. People were not long in

coming. Hopeless old women, gaping children, peasants whose

cork helmets were respectfully removed, filed past the box and

repeated, "Deepest sympathy, General." He, very sorrowful,

received them at the head of the box, his hands crossed over

his stomach in the attitude of a pregnant woman. He held out

his right hand to shake the hands they extended to him and

replied with dignity and resignation: "It was fate. Everything

humanly possible was done." A tin money box received the

two-peso fee, and many came more than once.

What kind of man, I ask myself, conceived and executed

that funereal farce? A fanatic, a pitiful wretch, a victim of

hallucinations, or an impostor and a cynic? Did he believe he

was Peron as he played his suffering role as the macabre

widower? The story is incredible, but it happened, and perhaps not once but many times, with different actors in different locales. It contains the perfect cipher of an unreal epoch; it is like the reflection of a dream or like that drama-withinthe-drama we see in Hamlet. The mourner was not Peron and the blond doll was not the woman Eva Duarte, but neither

was Peron Peron, nor was Eva Eva. They were, rather, unknown individuals-or anonymous ones whose secret names and true faces we do not know-who acted out, for the credulous love of the lower middle classes, a crass mythology.

31

Delia Elena San Marco

We said goodbye at the corner of Eleventh. From the other

sidewalk I turned to look back; you too had turned, and you

waved goodbye to me.

A river of vehicles and people were flowing between us. It

was five o'clock on an ordinary afternoon. How was I to know

that that river was Acheron the doleful, the insuperable?

We did not see each other again, and a year later you were

dead.

And now I seek out that memory and look at it, and I think

it was false, and that behind that trivial farewell was infinite

separation.

Last night I stayed in after dinner and reread, in order to

understand these things, the last teaching Plato put in his

master's mouth. I read that the soul may escape when the

flesh dies.

And now I do not know whether the truth is in the ominous

subsequent interpretation, or in the unsuspecting farewell.

For if souls do not die, it is right that we should not make

much of saying goodbye.

To say goodbye to each other is to deny separation. It is like

saying "today we play at separating, but we will see each

other tomorrow." Man invented farewells because he somehow knows he is immortal, even though he may seem gratuitous and ephemeral.

Sometime, Delia, we will take up again-beside what river?

-this uncertain dialogue, and we will ask each other if ever, in

a city lost on a plain, we were Borges and Delia.

32

Dead Men's Dialogue

He arrived from southern England early one winter morning

in 1 877. Ruddy, athletic, and obese as he was, almost everyone

inevitably thought he was English, and to tell the truth he was

remarkably like the archetypical John Bull. He wore a top hat

and a strange wool cape with an opening in the middle. A

group of men, women, and children anxiously waited for him.

Many had their throats marked with a red line; others were

headless and moved uncertainly, like a man walking in the

dark. Little by little they surrounded the stranger, and out of

the crowd someone shouted an ugly word, but an ancient terror

stopped them at that. Then a military man with a yellowish

skin and eyes like firebrands stepped forward. His disheveled

hair and murky beard seemed to gobble up his face. Ten or

twelve mortal wounds furrowed his body like the stripes on a

tiger's skin. The stranger, seeing him, changed color suddenly;

then he advanced and stretched out his hand.

"How it grieves me to see such an honorable warrior struck

down by the arms of treachery!" he said roundly. "But what

an intimate satisfaction, too, to have ordered that the acolytes

who attended the sacrifice should purge their deeds on the

scaffold in Victoria Square!"

"If you are speaking of Santos Perez and the Reinafes, I

would like you to know I have already thanked them," said

the bloody one with measured gravity.

The other man looked at him as if he suspected him of joking or of making a threat, but Quiroga went on:

"Rosas, you never did understand me. And how could you,

when our destinies were so different? Your lot was to command in a city that looks toward Europe and will someday be among the most famous in the world. Mine was to wage war

in America's lonely spots, on poor earth belonging to poor

gauchos. My empire was made of lances and shouts and sand

pits and almost secret victories in obscure places. What claims

are those to fame? I live and will continue to live for many

years in the people's memory because I was murdered in a

stagecoach at a place called Barranca Yaco, by horsemen

armed with swords. It is you I have to thank for this gift of

33

a bizarre death, which I did not know how to appreciate then,

but which subsequent generations have refused to forget. You

undoubtedly know of some exquisite lithographs, and the interesting book edited by a worthy citizen of San Juan."

Rosas, who had recovered his aplomb, looked at him disdainfully.

"You are a romantic," he pronounced. "The flattery of posterity is not worth much more than contemporary flattery, which is worth nothing, and can be had on the strength of a

few medals."

"I know your way of thinking," answered Quiroga. "In

1 85 2, destiny, either out of generosity or out of a desire to

sound you to your depths, offered you a real man's death in

battle. You showed yourself unworthy of that gift: the blood

and fighting scared you."

"Scared?" repeated Rosas. "Me, who busted broncs in the

South, and later busted a whole country?"

For the first time Quiroga smiled.

"I know," he said slowly, "that you have cut more than one

fine figure on horseback, according to the impartial testimony

of your foremen and hands; but other fine figures were cut in

America in those days, and they were also on horseback-figures called Chacabuco and Junin and Palma Redonda and Caseros."

Rosas listened without changing expression and replied:

"I did not have to be brave. One 'fine figure' of mine, as

you call it, was to manage that braver men than I should fight

and die for me. Santos Perez, for example, who finished you

off. Bravery is a question of holding out; some can hold out

more than others, but sooner or later they all give in."

"That may be true," said Quiroga, "but I have lived and

died and to this day I do not know what fear is. And now I am

going to be obliterated, to be given another face and another

destiny, for history has had its fill of violent men. Who the

other one will be, what they will make of me, I do not know;

but I know he will not be afraid.

"I am satisfied to be who I am," said Rosas, "and I want to

be no one else."

"The stones want to be stones forever, too," said Quiroga,

"and for centuries they are, until they crumble into dust. I

34

thought as you do when I entered death, but I learned many

things here. Just look, we are both changing already."

But Rosas paid no attention and said, as if thinking aloud:

"It must be that I am not made to be a dead man, but these

places and this discussion seem like a dream, and not a dream

dreamed by me but by someone else still to be born."

They spoke no more, for at that moment Someone called

them.

35



The Plot

To make his horror complete, Caesar, pressed to the foot of a

statue by the impatient daggers of his friends, discovers among

the blades and faces the face of Marcus Junius Brutus, his

protege, perhaps his son, and ceasing to defend himself he exclaims: "You too, my son!" Shakespeare and Quevedo revive the pathetic cry.

Destiny takes pleasure in repetition, variants, symmetries:

nineteen centuries later, in the south of the Province of Buenos

Aires, a gaucho is attacked by other gauchos. As he falls he

recognizes an adopted son of his and says to him with gentle

reproof and slow surprise (these words must be heard, not

read) , "Pero che!" He is being killed, and he does not know

he is dying so that a scene may be repeated.

A Problem

Let us imagine that in Toledo someone finds a paper with an

Arabic text and that the paleographers declare the handwriting belongs to that same Cide Hamete Benengeli from whom Cervantes took his Don Quixote. In the text we read that the

hero-who, the story goes, rambled about Spain armed with

a sword and a lance, challenging all sorts of people for all sorts

of reasons-discovers at the end of one of his many frays that

he has killed a man. At this point the fragment breaks off. The

problem is to guess, or to conjecture, how Don Quixote reacts.

As I see it, there are three possible solutions. The first is

negative. Nothing special happens, for in the hallucinatory

world of Don Quixote death is no less common than magic,

and to have killed a man need not perturb someone who

struggles, or thinks he struggles, with monsters and enchanters.

The second is pathetic. Don Quixote never managed to forget

that he was a projection of Alonso Quijano, a reader of fairy

tales. Seeing death, realizing that a dream has led him to commit the sin of Cain, wakes him from his pampered madness, possibly forever. The third is perhaps the most plausible. Having killed the man, Don Quixote cannot admit that his terrible act is the fruit of a delirium. The reality of the effect forces

him to presuppose a parallel reality of the cause, and Don

Quixote will never emerge from his madness.

There remains another conjecture, alien to the Spanish

world and even to the Occidental world. It requires a much

more ancient setting, more complex, and wearier. Don Quixote, who is no longer Don Quixote but rather a king of the Hindustani cycles, intuitively knows as he stands before his

enemy's cadaver that to kill and to beget are divine or magical

acts which manifestly transcend humanity. He knows that the

dead man is an illusion, as is the bloody sword that weighs

down his hand, as is he himself, and all his past life, and the

vast gods, and the universe.

37





A Yellow Rose

Neither that afternoon nor the next did the illustrious Giambattista Marino die, he whom the unanimous mouths of Fame

-to use an image dear to him-proclaimed as the new Homer

and the new Dante. But the still, noiseless fact that took place

then was in reality the last event of his life. Laden with years

and with glory, he lay dying on a huge Spanish bed with

carved bedposts. It is not hard to imagine a serene balcony a

few steps away, facing the west, and, below, marble and

laurels and a garden whose various levels are duplicated in a

rectangle of water. A woman has placed in a goblet a yellow

rose. The man murmurs the inevitable lines that now, to tell

the truth, bore even him a little:

' . Purple of the garden, pomp of the meadow,

. Gem of spring, April's eye . . .

Then the revelation occurred: Marino saw the rose as Adam

might have seen it in Paradise, and he thought that the rose

was to be found in its own eternity and not in his words; and

that we may mention or allude to a thing, but not express it;

and that the tall, proud volumes casting a golden shadow in a

corner were not-as his vanity had dreamed-a mirror of the

world, but rather one thing more added to the world.

Marino achieved this illumination on the eve of his death,

and Homer and Dante may have achieved it as well.





The Witness

In a stable that stands almost within the shadow of the new

stone church a gray-eyed, gray-bearded man, stretched out

amid the odor of the animals, humbly seeks death as one seeks

for sleep. The day, faithful to vast secret laws, little by little

shifts and mingles the shadows in the humble nook. Outside

are the plowed fields and a deep ditch clogged with dead leaves

and an occasional wolf track in the black earth at the edge of

the forest. The man sleeps and dreams, forgotten. The angelus

awakens him. By now the sound of the bells is one of the

habits of evening in the kingdoms of England. But this man,

as a child, saw the face of Woden, the holy dread and exultation, the rude wooden idol weighed down with Roman coins and heavy vestments, the sacrifice of horses, dogs, and prisoners. Before dawn he will die, and in him will die, never to return, the last eye-witness of those pagan rites ; the world will

be a little poorer when this Saxon dies.

Events far-reaching enough to people all space, whose end

is nonetheless tolled when one man dies, may cause us wonder.

But something, or an infinite number of things, dies in every

death, unless the universe is possessed of a memory, as the

theosophists have supposed.

In the course of time there was a day that closed the last

eyes to see Christ. The battle of Junin and the love of Helen

each died with the death of some one man. What will die with

me when I die, what pitiful or perishable form will the world

lose? The voice of Macedonia Fernandez? The image of a roan

horse on the vacant lot at Serrano and Charcas? A bar of sulphur in the drawer of a mahogany desk?

39

Martin Fierro

Out of this city marched armies that seemed to be great, and

afterwards were, when glory had magnified them. As the

years went by, an occasional soldier retw-ned and, with a foreign trace in his speech, told tales of what had happened to him in places called Ituzaing6 or Ayacucho. These things,

now, are as if they had never been.

Two tyrannies had their day here. During the first some

men coming from the Plata market hawked white and yellow

peaches from the seat of a cart. A child lifted a corner of the

canvas that covered them and saw unitario heads with bloody

beards. The second, for many, meant imprisonment and death;

for all it meant discomfort, a taste of disgrace in everyday acts,

an incessant humiliation. These things, now, are as if they

had never been.

A man who knew all words looked with minute love at the

plants and birds of this land and described them, perhaps forever, and vvrote in metaphors of metal the vast chronicle of the tumultuous sunsets and the shapes of the moon. These things,

now, are as if they had never been.

Here too the generations have known those common and

somehow eternal vicissitudes which are the stuff of art. These

things, now, are as if they had never been. But in a hotel room

in the 1 86o's, or thereabouts, a man dreamed about a fight. A

gaucho lifts a Negro off his feet with his knife, throws him

down like a sack of bones, sees him agonize and die, crouches

down to clean his blade, unties his horse, and mounts slowly

so he will not be thought to be running away. This, which

once was, is again infinitely: the splendid armies are gone,

and a lowly knife fight remains. The dream of one man is part

of the memory of all.

40



Mutations

I saw in a hall an arrow pointing the way and I thought that

this inoffensive symbol had once been a thing of iron, an inescapable and fatal projectile that pierced the flesh of men and of lions and clouded the sun at Thermopylae and gave Harald

Sigurdarson six feet of English earth forever.

Some days later someone showed me a photograph of a

Magyar horseman. A coiled lasso circled the breast of his

mount. I learned that the lasso, which once whipped through

the air and brought down the bulls of the prairie, was now

nothing more than a haughty trapping of Sunday harness.

In the west cemetery I saw a runic cross, chiseled in red

marble. The arms curved as they widened out, and a circle

encompassed them. That limited, circumscribed cross represented the other one, the free-armed cross, which in its turn represents the gallows where a god suffered, the "vile machine" railed at by Lucian of Samosata.

Cross, lasso, and arrow-former tools of man, debased or

exalted now to the status of symbols. Why should I marvel at

them, when there is not a single thing on earth that oblivion

does not erase or memory change, and when no one knows

into what images he himself will be transmuted by the future.

41



Parable of Cervantes and Don Quixote

Weary of his land of Spain, an old soldier of the king sought

solace in Ariosto's vast geographies, in that valley of the moon

where misspent dream-time goes, and in the golden idol of

Mohammed stolen by Montalbim.

In gentle mockery of himself he conceived a credulous man

who, unsettled by the marvels he read about, hit upon the

idea of seeking noble deeds and enchantments in prosaic places

called El Toboso or Montiel.

Defeated by reality, by Spain, Don Quixote died in his native

village around 1 61 4. He was survived only briefly by Miguel

de Cervantes.

For both of them, for the dreamer and the dreamed, the

tissue of that whole plot consisted in the contraposition of two

worlds: the unreal world of the books of chivalry and the common everyday world of the seventeenth century.

Little did they suspect that the years would end by wearing

away the disharmony. Little did they suspect that La Mancha

and Montiel and the knight's frail figure would be, for the

future, no less poetic than Sindbad's haunts or Ariosto's vast

geographies.

For myth is at the beginning of literature, and also at its

end.

Devoto Clinic, January 1955.



Paradiso, XXXI, 1 08

Diodorus Siculus tells the story of a god, broken and scattered

a broad. Wha t man of us has never felt, walking through the

twilight or writing down a date from his past, that he has lost

something infinite?

Mankind has lost a face, an irretrievable face, and all have

longed to be that pilgrim-imagined in the Empyrean, beneath

the Rose-who in Rome sees the Veronica and murmurs in

faith, "Lord Jesus, my God, true God, is this then what Thy

face was like?"

Beside a road there is a stone face and an inscription that

says, "The True Portrait of the Holy Face of the God of Jaen."

If we truly knew what it was like, the key to the parables

would be ours and we would know whether the son of the

carpenter was also the Son of God.

Paul saw it as a light tha t struck him to the ground; John,

as the sun when it shines in all its strength ; Teresa de Jesus

saw it many times, bathed in tranquil light, yet she was never

sure of the color of His eyes.

We lost those features, as one may lose a magic number

made up of the usual ciphers, as one loses an image in a kaleidoscope, forever. We may see them and know them not.

The profile of a Jew in the subway is perhaps the profile of

Christ; perhaps the hands that give us our change at a ticket

window duplicate the ones some soldiers nailed one day to the

cross.

Perhaps a feature of the-crucified fate lurks in every mirror;

perhaps the face died, was erased, so that God may be all of us.

Who knows but that tonight we may see it in the labyrinth

of dreams, and tomorrow not know we saw it.

43



Parable of the Palace

That day, the Yellow Emperor showed the poet his palace.

They left behind, in long succession, the first terraces on the

west which descend, like the steps of an almost measureless

amphitheater, to a paradise or garden whose metal mirrors

and intricate juniper hedges already prefigured the labyrinth.

They lost themselves in it, gaily at first, as if condescending

to play a game, but afterwards not without misgiving, for its

straight avenues were subject to a curvature, ever so slight,

but continuous (and secretly those avenues were circles) . Toward midnight observation of the planets and the opportune sacrifice of a turtle permitted them to extricate themselves

from that seemingly bewitched region, but not from the sense

of being lost, for this accompanied them to the end. Foyers

and patios and libraries they traversed then, and a hexagonal

room with a clepsydra, and one morning from a tower they

descried a stone man, whom they then lost sight of forever.

Many shining rivers did they cross in sandalwood canoes, or a

single river many times. The imperial retinue would pass and

people would prostrate themselves. But one day they put in on

an island where someone did not do it, because he had never

seen the Son of Heaven, and the executioner had to decapitate

him. Black heads of hair and black dances and complicated

golden masks did their eyes indifferently behold; the real and

the dreamed became one, or rather reality was one of dream's

configurations. It seemed impossible that earth were anything

but gardens, pools, architectures, and splendrous forms. Every

hundred paces a tower cleft the air; to the eye their color was

identical, yet the first of all was yellow, and the last, scarlet,

so delicate were the gradations and so long the series.

It was at the foot of the next-to-the-last tower that the poet

-who was as if untouched by the wonders that amazed the

rest-recited the brief composition we find today indissolubly

linked to his name and which, as the more elegant historians

have it, gave him immortality and death. The text has been

lost. There are some who contend it consisted of a single line;

others say it had but a single word. The truth, the incredible

truth, is that in the poem stood the enormous palace, entire



and minutely detailed, with each illustrious porcelain and

every sketch on every porcelain and the shadows and the light

of the twilights and each unhappy or joyous moment of the

glorious dynasties of mortals, gods, and dragons who had

dwelled in it from the interminable past. All fell silent, but

the Emperor exclaimed, "You have robbed me of my palace!"

And the executioner's iron sword cut the poet down.

Others tell the story differently. There cannot be any two

things alike in the world ; the poet, they say, had only to utter

the poem to make the palace disappear, as if abolished and

blown to bits by the final syllable. Such legends, of course,

amount to no more than literary fiction. The poet was a slave

of the Emperor and as such he died. His composition sank into

oblivion because it deserved oblivion and his descendants still

seek, nor will they find, the one word that contains the

universe.

45





Everything and Nothing

There was no one in him; behind his face (which even in the

poor paintings of the period is unlike any other) and his words,

which were copious, imaginative, and emotional, there was

nothing but a little chill, a dream not dreamed by anyone. At

first he thought everyone was like him, but the puzzled look

on a friend's face when he remarked on that emptiness told

him he was mistaken and convinced him forever that an individual must not differ from his species. Occasionally he thought he would find in books the cure for his ill, and so he

learned the small Latin and less Greek of which a contemporary was to speak. Later he thought that in the exercise of an elemental human rite he might well find what he sought,

and he let himself be initiated by Anne Hathaway one long

June afternoon. At twenty-odd he went to London. Instinctively, he had already trained himself in the habit of pretending that he was someone, so it would not be discovered that he was no one. In London he hit upon the profession to which he

was predestined, that of the actor, who plays on stage at being

someone else. His playacting taught him a singular happiness,

perhaps the first he had known; but when the last line was applauded and the last corpse removed from the stage, the hated sense of unreality came over him again. He ceased to be Ferrex or Tamburlaine and again became a nobody. Trapped, he fell to imagining other heroes and other tragic tales. Thus,

while in London's bawdyhouses and taverns his body fulfilled

its destiny as body, the soul that dwelled in it was Caesar, failing to heed the augurer's admonition, and Juliet, detesting the lark, and Macbeth, conversing on the heath with the witches,

who are also the fates. Nobody was ever as many men as that

man, who like the Egyptian Proteus managed to exhaust all

the possible shapes of being. At times he slipped into some

corner of his work a confession, certain that it would not be

deciphered; Richard affirms that in his single person he plays

many parts, and Iago says with strange words, "I am not what

I am." His passages on the fundamental identity of existing,

dreaming, and acting are famous.

Twenty years he persisted in that controlled hallucination,

but one morning he was overcome by the surfeit and the horror of being so many kings who die by the sword and so many unhappy lovers who converge, diverge, and melodiously agonize. That same day he disposed of his theater. Before a week was out he had returned to the village of his birth, where he

recovered the trees and the river of his childhood; and he did

not bind them to those others his muse had celebrated, those

made illustrious by mythological allusions and Latin phrases.

He had to be someone; he became a retired impresario who

has made his fortune and who interests himself in loans, lawsuits, and petty usury. In this character he dictated the arid final will and testament that we know, deliberately excluding

from it every trace of emotion and of literature. Friends from

London used to visit his retreat, and for them he would take

on again the role of poet.

The story goes that, before or after he died, he found himself before God and he said: "I, who have been so many men in vain, want to be one man: myself." The voice of God replied from a whirlwind: "Neither am I one self; I dreamed the world as you dreamed your work, my Shakespeare, and among

the shapes of my dream are you, who, like me, are many persons-and none."

47



Ragnarok

In dreams, writes Coleridge, images represent the sensations

we think they cause: we do not feel horror because we are

threatened by a sphinx; we dream of a sphinx in order to explain the horror we feel. If this is so, how could a mere chronicle of the shapes that that night's dream took communicate the bewilderment, the exaltation, the alarm, the menace, and

the jubilation that wove it together? None the less, I shall attempt that chronicle. Perhaps the fact that a single scene united the dream will remove or alleviate the essential difficulty.

The scene was the College of Philosophy and Letters, the

hour twilight. As usual in dreams, everything was a little different; a slight enlargement altered things. We were electing officers. I was talking with Pedro Henriquez Urefia, who in

the waking world has been dead for many years. Suddenly we

were interrupted by a clamor as of a demonstration or a band

of street musicians. Howls, both animal and human, rose from

Below. A voice cried out, "Here they come!" and then, "The

Gods! The Gods!" Four or five fellows emerged from the mob

and took over the platform of the assembly hall. We all applauded, weeping: these were the Gods, returning after a centuries-long exile. Exalted by the platform, their heads thrown back and their chests out, they haughtily received our homage.

One was holding a branch which conformed, no doubt, to the

simple botany of dreams; another, in a broad gesture, held out

his hand-a claw; one of the faces of Janus looked suspiciously

at the curved beak of Thoth. Goaded perhaps by our applause,

one, I do not know which, broke out in a victorious and incredibly bitter cackle, half gargle, half whistle. From that moment on, things changed.

It all began with the suspicion, perhaps exaggerated, that

the Gods could not talk. Centuries of brutish and bloodthirsty

life had atrophied whatever there had been of the hmnan in

them. Islam's moon and Rome's cross had dealt implacably

with those fugitives. Low foreheads, yellow teeth, sparse mustaches like a mulatto's or a Chinaman's, and thick bestial lips bespoke the degeneration of the Olympian lineage. Their gar-ments were less suited to decorous, decent poverty than to the

evil sumptuousness of the gambling dens and bawdy houses of

Below. In the buttonhole of one bled a red camation; beneath

the tight-fitting jacket of another bulged the form of a dagger.

Suddenly we felt they were playing their last card, that they

were crafty, ignorant, and cruel as old beasts of prey, and that

if we allowed ourselves to be won over by fear or pity, they

would end by destroying us.

We drew our heavy revolvers-all at once there were revolvers in the dream-and joyously put the Gods to death.

49

Inferno, I, 3 2

From each day's dawn to dusk each night a leopard, during

the final years of the twelfth century, beheld a few boards,

some vertical iron bars, shifting men and women, a thick wall,

and perhaps a stone gutter stopped with dry leaves. He did

not know, he could not know, that what he longed for was love

and cruelty and the hot pleasure of tearing things apart and

the wind carrying the scent of a deer. But something in him

was smothering and rebelling, and God spoke to him in a

dream: "You live and will die in this cage so that a man

known to me may look at you a predetermined number of

times, and may not forget you, and may put your shape and

your symbol in a poem which has its necessary place in the

scheme of the universe. You suffer captivity, but you will have

given a word to the poem." God, in the dream, illumined the

animal's brutishness and he understood the reasons, and accepted his destiny; but when he awoke there was only a dark resignation in him, a valiant ignorance, for the machinery of

the world is far too complex for the simplicity of a wild beast.

Years later Dante lay dying in Ravenna, as unjustified and

as alone as any other man. In a dream God declared to him the

secret purpose of his life and his work; Dante, filled with

wonder, knew at last who he was and what he was, and he

blessed his bitter sufferings. Tradition has it that, on waking,

he felt he had been given-and then had lost-something infinite, something he would not be able to recover, or even to glimpse, for the machinery of the world is far too complex for

the simplicity of men.

50



Borges and I

It's the other one, it's Borges, that things happen to. I stroll

about Buenos Aires and stop, perhaps mechanically now, to

look at the arch of an entrance or an iron gate. News of Borges

reaches me through the mail and I see his name on an academic ballot or in a biographical dictionary. I like hourglasses, maps, eighteenth-century typography, the taste of coffee, and

Stevenson's prose. The other one shares these preferences with

me, but in a vain way that converts them into the attributes

of an actor. It would be too much to say that our relations are

hostile; I live, I allow myself to live, so that Borges may contrive his literature and that literature justifies my existence.

I do not mind confessing that he has managed to write some

worthwhile pages, but those pages cannot save me, perhaps because the good part no longer belongs to anyone, not even to the other one, but rather to the Spanish language or to tradition. Otherwise, I am destined to be lost, definitively, and only a few instants of me will be able to survive in the other one.

Little by little I am yielding him everything, although I am

well aware of his perverse habit of falsifying and exaggerating. Spinoza held that all things long to preserve their own nature: the rock wants to be rock forever and the tiger, a

tiger. But I must live on in Borges, not in myself-if indeed I

am anyone-though I recognize myself less in his books than

in many others, or than in the laborious strumming of a

guitar. Years ago I tried to free myself from him and I passed

from lower-middle-class myths to playing games with time

and infinity, but those games are Borges' now, and I will have

to conceive something else. Thus my life is running away, and

I lose everything and everything belongs to oblivion, or to the

other one.

I do not know which of us two is writing this page.



P A R T T W O

Translated by Harold Morland

Poem about Gifts

Let none think I by tear or reproach make light

Of this manifesting the mastery

Of God, who with excelling irony

Gives me at once both books and night.

In this city of books he made these eyes

The sightless rulers who can only read,

In libraries of dreams, the pointless

Paragraphs each new dawn offers

To awakened care. In vain the day

Squanders on them its infinite books,

As difficult as the difficult scripts

That perished in Alexandria.

An old Greek story tells how some king died

Of hunger and thirst, though proffered springs and fruits;

My bearings lost, I trudge from side to side

Of this lofty, long blind library.

The walls present, but uselessly,

Encyclopaedia, atlas, Orient

And the West, all centuries, dynasties,

Symbols, cosmos, and cosmogonies.

Slow in my darkness, I explore

The hollow gloom with my hesitant stick,

I, that used to figure Paradise

In such a library's guise.

Something that surely cannot be called

Mere chance must rule these things;

Some other man has met this doom

On other days of many books and the dark.

As I walk through the slow galleries

I grow to feel with a kind of holy dread

That I am that other, I am the dead,

And the steps I make are also his.

55



Which of us two is writing now these lines

About a plural I and a single gloom?

What does it matter what word is my name

If the curse is indivisibly the same?

Groussac or Borges, I gaze at this beloved

World that grows more shapeless, and its light

Dies down into a pale, uncertain ash

Resembling sleep and the oblivion of night.

The Hourglass

It is well that time can be measured

With the harsh shadow a column in summer

Casts, or the water of that river

In which Heraclitus saw our folly,

Since both to time and destiny

The two seem alike: the unweighable daytime

Shadow, and the irrevocable course

Of water following its own path.

It is well, but time in the desert

Found another substance, smooth and heavy,

That seems to have been imagined

For measuring dead men's time.

Hence the allegorical instrument

Of the dictionary illustrations,

The thing that gray antiquaries

Will consign to the red-ash world

Of the odd chess-bishop, of the sword

Defenseless, of the telescope bleared,

Of sandalwood eroded by opium,

Of dust, of hazard, cif the nada.

Who has not paused before the severe

And sullen instrument accompanying

The scythe in the god's right hand

Whose outlines Duerer etched?

Through the open apex the inverted cone

Lets the minute sand fall down,

Gradual gold that loosens itself and fills

The concave crystal of its universe.

There is pleasure in watching the recondite

Sand that slides away and slopes

And, at the falling-point, piles up

With an urgency wholly human.

5 7



The sand of the cycles is the same,

And infinite, the history of sand;

Thus, deep beneath your joys and pain

Unwoundable eternity is still the abyss.

Never is there a halt in the fall.

It is I lose blood, not the glass. The ceremony

Of drawing off the sand goes on forever

And with the sand our life is leaving us.

In the minutes of the sand I believe

I feel the cosmic time: the history

That memory locks up in its mirrors

Or that magic Lethe has dissolved.

The pillar of smoke and the pillar of fire,

Carthage and Rome and their crushing war,

Simon Magus, the seven feet of earth

That the Saxon proffered the Norway king,

This tireless subtle thread of unnumbered

Sand degrades all down to loss.

I cannot save myself, a come-by-chance

Of time, being matter that is crumbling.



The Game of Chess

In their grave corner, the players

Deploy the slow pieces. And the chessboard

Detains them until dawn in its severe

Compass in which two colors hate each other.

Within it the shapes give off a magic

Strength: Homeric tower, and nimble

Horse, a fighting queen, a backward king,

A bishop on the bias, and aggressive pawns.

When the players have departed, and

When time has consumed them utterly,

The ritual will not have ended.

That war first flamed out in the east

Whose amphitheatre is now the world.

And like the other, this game is infinite.

II

Slight king, oblique bishop, and a queen

Blood-lusting; upright tower, crafty pawn­

Over the black and the white of their path

They foray and deliver armed battle.

They do not know it is the artful hand

Of the player that rules their fate,

They do not know that an adamant rigor

Subdues their free will and their span.

But the player likewise is a prisoner

(The maxim is Omar's) on another board

Of dead-black nights and of white days.

God moves the player and he, the piece.

What god behind God originates the scheme

Of dust and time and dream and agony?

59

Mirrors

I, who felt the horror of mirrors

Not only in front of the impenetrable crystal

Where there ends and begins, uninhabitable,

An impossible space of reflections,

But of gazing even on water that mimics

The other blue in its depth of sky,

That at times gleams back the illusory flight

Of the inverted bird, or that ripples,

And in front of the silent surface

Of subtle ebony whose polish shows

Like a repeating dream the white

Of something marble or something rose,

Today at the tip of so many and perplexing

Wandering years under the varying moon,

I ask myself what whim of fate

Made me so fearful of a glancing mirror.

Mirrors in metal, and the masked

Mirror of mahogany that in its mist

Of a red twilight hazes

The face that is gazed on as it gazes,

I see them as infinite, elemental

Executors of an ancient pact,

To multiply the world like the act

Of begetting. Sleepless. Bringing doom.

They prolong this hollow, unstable world

In their dizzying spider's-web;

Sometimes in the afternoon they are blurred

By the breath of a man who is not dead.

The crystal spies on us. If within the four

Walls of a bedroom a mirror stares,

I'm no longer alone. There is someone there.

In the dawn reflections mutely stage a show.

6o

Everything happens and nothing is recorded

In these rooms of the looking glass,

Where, magicked into rabbis, we

Now read the books from right to left.

Claudius, king of an afternoon, a dreaming king,

Did not feel it a dream until that day

When an actor showed the world his crime

In a tableau, silently in mime.

It is strange to dream, and to have mirrors

Where the commonplace, worn-out repertory

Of every day may include the illusory

Profound globe that reflections scheme.

God (I keep thinking) has taken pains

To design that ungraspable architecture

Reared by every dawn from the gleam

Of a mirror, by darkness from a dream.

God has created nighttime, which he arms

With dreams, and mirrors, to make clear

To man he is a reflection and a mere

Vanity. Therefore these alarms.

6 1



Elvira de Alvear

All things she possessed and slowly

All things left her. We have seen her

Armed with loveliness. The morning

And the strenuous midday showed her,

At her swnmit, the handsome kingdoms

Of the earth. The afternoon was clouding them.

The friendly stars (the infinite

And ubiquitous mesh of causes) granted her

That wealth which annuls all distance

Like the magic carpet, and which makes

Desire and possession one; and a skill in verse

That transforms our actual sorrows

Into a music, a hearsay, and a symbol;

And granted fervor, and into her blood the battle

Of Ituzaing6 and the heaviness of laurels;

And the joy of losing herself in the wandering

River of time (river and labyrinth) ,

And in the slow tints of afternoons.

All things left her, all

But one. Her highborn courtliness

Accompanied her to the end of the journey,

Beyond the rapture and its eclipse,

In a way like an angel's. Of Elvira

The first thing that I saw, such years ago,

Was her smile and also it was the last.



Susana Soca

With slow love she looked at the scattered

Colors of afternoon. It pleased her

To lose herself in intricate melody

Or in the curious life of verses.

Not elemental red but the grays

Spun her delicate destiny,

Fashioned to discriminate and exercised

In vacillation and in blended tints.

Without venturing to tread this perplexing

Labyrinth, she watched from without

The shapes of things, their tumult and their course,

Just like that other lady of the mirror.

Gods who dwell far-off past prayer

Abandoned her to that tiger, Fire.

The Moon

History tells us how in that past time

When all things happened, real,

Imaginary, and dubious, a man

Conceived the unconscionable plan

Of making an abridgement of the universe

In a single book and with infinite zest

He towered his screed up, lofty and

Strenuous, polished it, spoke the final verse.

About to offer his thanks to fortune,

He lifted up his eyes and saw a burnished

Disc in the air and realized, stunned,

That somehow he had forgotten the moon.

The story I have told, although a tale,

Can represent the witching spell

So many of us use when at our craft

Of transmuting our life into words.

The essence is always lost. This is the one

Law of every word about inspiration.

Nor will this summary of mine avoid it

About my long traffic with the moon.

Where I saw it first I could not tell,

If in an earlier heaven than the teaching

Of the Greek, or some evening when it was reaching

Over the patio fig tree and the well.

As we know, this life being mutable

Can be, among many things, so beautiful

Because it brings some afternoon, with her,

The chance to gaze at you, oh varying moon.

But more than moons of the night I can

Remember those in verse: like that enchanted

Dragon moon so horrible in the ballad,

And then Quevedo with his moon of blood.

64



Of another moon of blood and scarlet

John spoke in his book about the ferocious

Monsters and their revelries;

And other clear moons with a silver sheen.

Pythagoras (so tradition tells)

Wrote words of blood on a looking glass

That men could read with the naked eye

Reflected in that mirror in the sky.

And there's a forest of iron where lurks

The enormous wolf whose destiny

Is to shatter the moon and do it to death

When the last dawn reddens the sea.

(Of this the prophetic North is aware

And how on that day the opened seas

Through all the world will be scoured by a ship

Fashioned of dead men's nails. )

When in Geneva or Zurich fortune willed

That I should be a poet too,

I secretly assumed, as poets do,

The duty on me to define the moon.

With a sort of studious pain

I ran through modest variations,

With the lively dread Lugones already

Had made the amber or sand his own.

Of faraway ivory, smoke, and the cold

Of snows were the moons that lit

My verses, which certainly were not fit

For the difficult honor of reaching print.

I thought of the poet as being that man

Who, like red Adam in Paradise,

Lays down for everything its precise

And exact and not-known name.

Ariosto taught me that in the shifting

Moon are the dreams, the ungraspable,

Time that is lost, the possible

Or the impossible, which are the same.

Apollodorus let me descry

The magical shade of triform Diana;

And Hugo gave me a golden sickle,

An Irishman, his tragic obscure moon.

And, while I sounded the depths of that mine

Of mythology's moons, just here

At the tum of a comer I could see

The celestial moon of every day.

Among all words I knew there is one

With power to record and re-present.

The secret, I see, is with humble intent

To use it simply. Moon.

Now I shall never dare to stain

Its pure appearing with a futile image;

I see it indecipherable and daily

And out of reach of my literature.

I know that the moon or the word moon

Is a letter that was created to share

In the complex scripture of that rare

Thing that we are, both manifold and one.

It is one of those symbols given to man

By fate or chance, which one day he

May use to write his own true name,

Uplifted in glory or in agony.

66



The Rain

The afternoon grows light because at last

Abruptly a minutely shredded rain

Is falling, or it fell. For once again

Rain is something happening in the past.

Whoever hears it fall has brought to mind

Time when by a sudden lucky chance

A flower called "rose" was open to his glance

And the curious color of the colored kind.

This rain that blinds the windows with its mists

Will gladden in suburbs no more to be found

The black grapes on a vine there overhead

In a certain patio that no longer exists.

And the drenched afternoon brings back the sound

How longed for, of my father's voice, not dead.

On the Effigy of a Captain in Cromwell's Armies

The battlements of Mars no longer yield

To him whom choiring angels now inspire;

And from another light (and age) entire

Those eyes look down that viewed the battlefield.

Your hand is on the metal of your sword.

And through the green shires war stalks on his way;

They wait beyond that gloom with England still,

Your mount, your march, your glory of the Lord.

Captain, your eager cares were all deceits,

Vain was your armor, vain the stubborn will

Of man, whose term is but a little day;

Timf! has the conquests, man has the defeats.

The steel that was to wound you fell to rust;

And you (as we shall be) are turned to dust.

68

To an Old Poet

You walk the Castile countryside

As if you hardly saw that it was there.

A tricky verse of John's your only care,

You scarcely notice that the sun has died

In a yellow glow. The light diffuses, trembles,

And on the borders of the East there spreads

That moon of mockery which most resembles

The mirror of Wrath, a moon of scarlet-reds.

You raise your eyes and look. You seem to note

A something of your own that like a bud

Half-breaks then dies. You bend your pallid head

And sadly make your way-the moment fled­

And with it, unrecalled, what once you wrote:

And for his epitaph a moon of blood.

6g



The Other Tiger

And the craft that createth a semblance

MoRRIS: SIGURD THE VoLSUNG ( 1876)

I think of a tiger. The gloom here makes

The vast and busy Library seem lofty

And pushes the shelves back;

Strong, innocent, covered with blood and new,

It will move through its forest and its morning

And will print its tracks on the muddy

Margins of a river whose name it does not know

(In its world there are no names nor past

Nor time to come, only the fixed moment)

And will overleap barbarous distances

And will scent out of the plaited maze

Of all the scents the scent of dawn

And the delighting scent of the deer.

Between the stripes of the bamboo I decipher

Its stripes and have the feel of the bony structure

That quivers under the glowing skin.

In vain do the curving seas intervene

And the deserts of the planet;

From this house in a far-off port

In South America, I pursue and dream you,

0 tiger on the Ganges' banks.

In my soul the afternoon grows wider and I reflect

That the tiger invoked in my verse

Is a ghost of a tiger, a symbol,

A series of literary tropes

And memories from the encyclopaedia

And not the deadly tiger, the fateful jewel

That, under the sun or the varying moon,

In Sumatra or Bengal goes on fulfilling

Its round of love, of idleness and death.

To the symbolic tiger I have opposed

The real thing, with its warm blood,

That decimates the tribe of buffaloes

And today, the third of August, '59,

Stretches on the grass a deliberate

Shadow, but already the fact of naming it

And conjecturing its circumstance

Makes it a figment of art and no creature

Living among those that walk the earth.

We shall seek a third tiger. This

Will be like those others a shape

Of my dreaming, a system of words

A man makes and not the vertebrate tiger

That, beyond the mythologies,

Is treading the earth. I know well enough

That something lays on me this quest

Undefined, senseless and ancient, and I go on

Seeking through the afternoon time

The other tiger, that which is not in verse.

71

Blind Pew

Far from the sea and from fine war,

Which love hauled with him now that they were lost,

The blind old buccaneer was trudging

The cloddy roads of the English countryside.

Barked at by the farmhouse curs,

The butt of all the village lads,

In sickly and broken sleep he stirred

The black dust in the wayside ditches.

He knew that golden beaches far away

Kept hidden for him his own treasure,

So cursing fate's not worth the breath;

You too on golden beaches far away

Keep for yourself an incorruptible treasure:

Hazy, many-peopled death.

72

Referring to a Ghost of

Eighteen Hundred and Ninety-Odd

Nothing. Only Murafia's knife.

Only in the gray afternoon the story cut short.

I don't know why in the afternoons I'm companioned

By this assassin that I've never seen.

Palermo was further down. The yellow

Thick wall of the jail dominated

Suburb and mud flat. Through this savage

District went the sordid knife.

The knife. The face has been smudged out

And of that hired fellow whose austere

Craft was courage, nothing remained

But a ghost and a gleam of steel.

May time, that sullies marble statues,

Salvage this staunch name: Juan Murafia.

73

Referring to the Death of

Colonel Francisco Borges ( 1 835-1 874)

I leave him on his horse, and in the gray

And twilit hour he fixed with death for a meeting;

Of all the hours that shaped his human day

May this last long, though bitter and defeating.

The whiteness of his horse and poncho over

The plain advances. Setting sights again

To the hollow rifles death lies under cover.

Francisco Borges sadly crosses the plain.

This that encircled him, the rifles' rattle,

This that he saw, the pampa without bounds,

Had been his life, his sum of sights and sounds.

His every-dailiness is here and in the battle.

I leave him lofty in his epic universe

Almost as if not tolled for by my verse.

74

In Memoriam : A. R.

Vague chance or the precise laws

That govern this dream, the universe,

Granted me to share a smooth

Stretch of the course with Alfonso Reyes.

He knew well that art which no one

'Wholly knows, neither Sind bad nor Ulysses,

Which is to pass from one land on to others

And yet to be entirely in each one.

If memory ever did with its arrow

Pierce him, he fashioned with the intense

Metal of the weapon the rhythmical, slow

Alexandrine or the grieving dirge.

In his labors he was helped by mankind's

Hope, which was the light of his life,

To create a line that is not to be forgotten

And to renew Castilian prose.

Beyond the Mio Cid with slow gait

And that flock of folk th.at strive to be obscure,

He tracked the fugitive literature

As far as the suburbs of the city slang.

In the five gardens of the Marino

He delayed, but he had something in him

Immortal, of the essence which preferred

Arduous studies and diviner duties.

To put it better, he preferred the gardens

Of meditation, where Porphyry

Reared before the shadows and delight

The Tree of the Beginning and the End.

Reyes, meticulous providence

That governs the prodigal and the thrifty

Gave some of us the sector or the arc,

But to you the whole circumference.

75



You sought the happy and the sad

That fame or frontispieces hide;

Like the God of Erigena you desired

To be no man so that you might be all.

Vast and delicate splendors

Your style attained, that manifest rose,

And turned that fighting blood of your forebears

Into cheerful blood to wage in God's own wars.

Where (I ask) will the Mexican be?

Will he contemplate with Oedipus' horror

Before the stranger Sphinx, the unmoving

Archetype of Visage an� of Hand?

Or is he wandering, as Sweden borg says,

Through a world more vivid and complex

Than our earthly one, which is scarcely the reflex

Of that high, celestial something impenetrable?

If (as the empires of lacquer

And ebony teach) man's memory shapes

Its own Eden within, there is now in glory

One Mexico more, another Cuernavaca.

God knows the colors that fate

Has in store for man beyond his day;

I walk these streets-and yet how little

Do I catch up with the meaning of death.

One thing alone I know. That Alfonso Reyes

(Wherever the sea has brought him safe ashore)

Will apply himself happy and watchful

To other enigmas and to other laws.

Let us honor with the palms and the shout

Of victory the peerless and unique;

No tears must shame the verse

Our love inscribes to his name.

The Borges

I know little--or nothing-of my own forebears;

The Borges back in Portugal; vague folk

That in my flesh, obscurely, still evoke

Their customs, and their firmnesses and fears.

As slight as if they'd never lived in the sun

And free from any trafficking with art,

They form an indecipherable part

Of time, of earth, and of oblivion.

And better so. For now, their labors past,

They're Portugal, they are that famous race

Who forced the shining ramparts of the East,

And launched on seas, and seas of sand as wide.

The king they are in mystic desert place,

Once lost; they're one who swears he has not died.

77



To Luis de Camoens

Without lament or anger time will nick

The most heroic swords. Poor and in sorrow,

You came home to a land turned from tomorrow,

0 captain, came to die within her, sick,

And with her. In the magic desert-wastes

The flower of Portugal was lost and died,

And the harsh Spaniard, hitherto subdued,

Was menacing her naked, open coasts.

I wish I knew if on this hither side

Of the ultimate shore you humbly understood

That all that was lost, the Western Hemisphere

And the Orient, the steel and banner dear,

Would still live on (from human change set free)

In your epic Lusiados timelessly.

Nineteen Hundred and Twenty-Odd

The wheeling of the stars is not infinite

And the tiger is one of the forms that return,

But we, remote from chance or hazard,

Believed we were exiled in a time outworn,

Time when nothing can happen.

The universe, the tragic universe, was not here

And maybe should be looked for somewhere else;

I hatched a humble mythology of fencing

walls and knives

And Ricardo thought of his drovers.

We did not know that time to come held a lightning bolt;

We did not foresee the shame, the fire, and the fearful

night of the Alliance;

Nothing told us that Argentine history would be thrust

out to walk the streets,

History, indignation, love,

The multitudes like the sea, the name of COrdoba,

The flavor of the real and the incredible, the

horror and the glory.

79

Ode Composed in 1 960

Sheer accident or the secret laws

That rule this dream, my destiny,

Will-0 needed and sweet homeland

That not without glory and without shame embrace

A hundred and fifty arduous years-

That I, the drop, should speak with you, the river,

That I, the instant, speak with you, who are time,

And that the intimate dialogue resort,

As the custom is, to the rites and the dark hints

Beloved of the gods, and to the decorum of verse.

My country, I have sensed you in the tumbledown

Decadence of the widespread suburbs,

And in that thistledown that the pampas wind

Blows into the entrance hall, and in the patient rain,

And in the slow coursing of the stars,

And in the hand that tunes a guitar,

And in the gravitation of the plain

That, from however far, our blood feels

As the Briton feels the sea, and in the pious

Symbols and urns of a vault,

And in the gallant love of jasmine,

And in the silver of a picture-frame and the polished

Rubbing of the silent mahogany,

And in the flavors of meat and fruits,

And in a flag sort of blue and white

Over a barracks, and in unappetizing stories

Of street-corner knifings, and in the sameness

Of afternoons that are wiped out and leave us,

And in the vague pleased memory

Of patios with slaves bearing

The name of their masters, and in the poor

Leaves of certain books for the blind

That fire scattered, and in the fall

Of those epic rains in September

That nobody will forget-but these things

Are not wholly you yourself nor yet your symbols.

Bo

You are more than your wide territory

And more than the days of your unmeasured time,

You are more than the unimaginable sum

Of your children after you. We do not know

What you are for God in the living

Heart of the eternal archetypes,

But by this imperfectly glimpsed visage

We live and die and have our being-

0 never-from-me and mystery-my-country.

81

Ariosto and the Arabs

No man can write a book. Because

Before a book can truly be

It needs the rise and set of the sun,

Centuries, arms, and the binding and sundering sea.

So Ariosto thought, who to the slow pleasure

Gave himself, in the leisure of roads

With shining statuary and black pines,

Of dreaming again on things already dreamed.

The air of his own Italy was dense

With dreams, which recalling and forgetting,

With shapes of war that through harsh centuries

Wearied the land, plaited and schemed.

A legion that lost itself in the valleys

Of Aquitaine into ambush fell;

And thus was born that dream of a sword

And a hom that cried in Roncesvalles.

Over English orchards the brutal Saxon

Spread his armies and his idols

In a stubborn, clenching war; and of these things

A dream was left behind called Arthur.

From the northern islands, with the blind

Sun blurring the sea, there came

The dream of a virgin, waiting in sleep

For her lord, within a ring of flame.

From Persia or Parnassus-who knows where?­

That dream of an armed enchanter driving

A winged steed through the startled air

And suddenly into the western desert diving.

As if from this enchanter's steed

Ariosto saw the kingdoms of the earth

All furrowed by war's revelry

And by young love intent to prove his worth.

82



As if through a delicate golden mist

He saw a garden in the world that reached

Beyond its hedge into other intimacies

For Angelica's and Medora's love.

Like the illusory splendors that in Hindustan

Opium leaves on the rim of sight,

The Furioso's loves go shimmering by

In the kaleidoscope of his delight.

Neither of love nor irony unaware,

He dreamed like this, in a modest style,

Of a strange lone castle; and all things there

(As in this life) were the devil's guile.

As to every poet what may chance-­

Or fate allot as a private doom-

He traveled the roads to Ferrara

And, at the same time, walked the moon.

The dross of dreams that have no shape­

The mud that the Nile of sleep leaves by­

With the stuff of these for skein, he'd move

Through that gleaming labyrinth and escape;

Through this great diamond, in which a man

May lose himself by the hap of the game,

In the whereness of music drowsing,

Be beside himself in flesh and name.

Europe entire was lost. By the working

Of that ingenious and malicious art,

Milton could weep for Brandimarte's

Death and Dolinda's anguished heart.

Europe was lost. But other gifts were given

By that vast dream to fame's true scions

That dwell in the deserts of the East,

And the night that was full of lions.



The delectable book that still enchants

Tells of a king who, at morning's star,

Surrenders his queen of the night

Before the implacable scimitar.

Wings that are shaggy night, and cruel

Claws that an elephant grip,

Magnetic mountains that with loving

Embrace can shatter a ship,

The earth sustained by a bull, the bull

By a fish; abracadabras, and old

Talismans and mystic words

That in granite open caves of gold;

This the Saracen people dreamt

Who followed Agramante's crest;

This the turban'd faces dreamed

And the dream now lords it over the W est.

And Orlando is now a region that smiles,

A country of the mind for miles

Of wonders in abandoned dreams;

And not even finally smiles, but seems-

By the skill of Islam, brought so low

To fable merely and scholarship,

It stands alone, dreaming itself. (And glory

Is oblivion shaped into a story.)

Through the window, paling now, the quivering

Light of one more evening touches the book

And once again the gilding on the cover

Glows and once again it fades.

In the deserted room the silent

Book still journeys into time. And leaves

Behind it-dawns, night-watching hours,

My own life too, this quickening dream.



On Beginning the Study of Anglo-Saxon Grammar

At fifty generations' end

(And such abysses time affords us all)

I return to the further shore of a great river

That the vikings' dragons did not reach,

To the harsh and arduous words

That, with a mouth now turned to dust,

I used in my Northumbrian, Mercian days

Before I became a Haslam or Borges.

On Saturday we read that Julius Caesar

Was the first man out of Rome burg to strip the

veil from England;

Before the clusters swell again on the vine

I shall have heard the voice of the nightingale

With its enigma, and the elegy of the warrior twelve

That surround the tomb of their king.

Symbols of other symbols, variations

On the English or German future seem these words to me

That once on a time were images

A man made use of praising the sea or a sword;

Tomorrow they will live again,

Tomorrow fyr will not be fire but that form

Of a tamed and changing god

It has been given to none to see without an ancient dread.

Praised be the infinite

Mesh of effects and causes

Which, before it shows me the mirror

In which I shall see no-one or I shall see another,

Grants me now this contemplation pure

Of a language of the dawn.

Luke XXIII

Gentile or Hebrew or simply a man

Whose face has now been lost in time;

From oblivion we shall not redeem

The silent letters of his name.

Of clemency he knew no more

Than a robber whom Judea nails

To a cross. The time that went before

We cannot reach. But in his final

Job of dying crucified,

He heard among the gibes of the crowd,

That the fellow dying at his side

Was a god, and so he said to him, blind:

"Remember me when you shall come

Into your kingdom," and the unconceivable voice

That one day will be judge of all mankind

Made promise, from the terrible Cross,

Of Paradise. And they said nothing more

Until the end came, but the pride

Of history will not let die the memory

Of that afternoon when these two died.

0 friends, the innocence of this friend

Of Jesus Christ, this candor which made him

Ask for his Paradise and gain it so,

Even in the shame of punishment,

Is the same that many a time has brought

The sinner to sin-as it chanced, to murder.

86



Ad rogue

Let no fear be that in indecipherable night

I shall lose myself among the black flowers

Of the park, where the secret bird that sings

The same song over and over, the round pond,

And the summerhouse, and the indistinct

Statue and the hazardous ruin, weave

Their scheme of things propitious to the languor

Of afternoons and to nostalgic loves.

Hollow in the hollow shade, the coachhouse

Marks (I know) the tremulous confines

Of this world of dust and jasmine,

Pleasing to Verlaine, pleasing to Julio Herrera.

The eucalyptus trees bestow on the gloom

Their medicinal smell: that ancient smell

That, beyond all time and the ambiguity

Of language, speaks of manorhouse time.

My footstep seeks and finds the hoped-for

Threshold. The flat roof there defines

Its darkened edge, and in measured time the tap

In the checkered patio slowly drips.

On the other side of the door they sleep,

Those who by means of dreams

In the visionary darkness are masters

Of the long yesterday and of all things dead.

I know every single object of this old

Building: the flakes of mica

On that gray stone that doubles itself

Endlessly in the smudgy mirror

And the lion's head that bites

A ring and the stained-glass windows

That reveal to a child wonders

Of a crimson world and another greener world.

For beyond all chance and death

They endure, each one with its history,

But all this is happening in that destiny

Of a fourth dimension, which is memory.

In that and there alone now still exist

The patios and the gardens. And the past

Holds them in that forbidden round

Embracing at one time vesper and dawn.

How could I lose that precise

Order of humble and beloved things,

As out of reach today as the roses

That Paradise gave to the first Adam?

The ancient amazement of the elegy

Loads me down when I think of that house

And I do not understand how time goes by,

I, who am time and blood and agony.

88

Ars Poetica

To gaze at the river made of time and water

And recall that time itself is another river,

To know we cease to be, just like the river,

And that our faces pass away, just like the water.

To feel that waking is another sleep

That dreams it does not sleep and that death,

Which our flesh dreads, is that very death

Of every night, which we call sleep.

To see in the day or in the year a symbol

Of mankind's days and of his years,

To transform the outrage of the years

Into a music, a rumor and a symbol,

To see in death a sleep, and in the sunset

A sad gold, of such is Poetry

Immortal and a pauper. For Poetry

Returns like the dawn and the sunset.

At times in the afternoons a face

Looks at us from the depths of a mirror;

Art must be like that mirror

That reveals to us this face of ours.

They tell how Ulysses, glutted with wonders,

Wept with love to descry his Ithaca

Humble and green. Art is that Ithaca

Of green eternity, not of wonders.

It is also like an endless river

That passes and remains, a mirror for one same

Inconstant Heraclitus, who is the same

And another, like an endless river.

Bg



Museum

On Rigor in Science

In that Empire, the Art of Cartography reached such

Perfection that the map of one Province alone took up the

whole of a City, and the map of the empire, the whole of a

Province. In time, those Unconscionable Maps did not satisfy

and the Colleges of Cartographers set up a Map of the Empire

which had the size of the Empire itself and coincided with it

point by point. Less Addicted to the Study of Cartography,

Succeeding Generations nnderstood that this Widespread Map

was Useless and not without Impiety they abandoned it to the

Inclemencies of the Snn and of the Winters. In the deserts of

the West some mangled Ruins of the Map lasted on, inhabited

by Animals and Beggars; in the whole Country there are no

other relics of the Disciplines of Geography.

Suarez Miranda : Viajes de V arones Prudentes,

Book Four, Chapter XLV, Lerida, 1658.

Quatrain

Others died, but it happened in the past,

The season (as all men know) most favorable for death.

Is it possible that I, subject of Yaqub Almansur,

Must die as roses had to die and Aristotle?

From Divan of Almoqtadir El Magrebi ( 1 2th century)

go

Limits

There is a line in V erlaine I shall not recall again,

There is a street close by forbidden to my feet,

There's a mirror that's seen me for the very last time,

There is a door that I have locked till the end of the world.

Among the books in my library (I have them before me)

There are some that I shall never open now.

This summer I complete my fiftieth year;

Death is gnawing at me ceaselessly.

Julio Platero Haedo: lnscripciones (Montevideo, 1 923)

The Poet Declares His Renown

The circle of the sky metes out my glory,

The libraries of the East contend for my poems,

Emirs seek me out to fill my mouth with gold,

Angels already know by heart my latest ghazal.

My working tools are humiliation and an anguish;

Would to God I'd been stillborn.

From the Divan of Abulcasim El Hadrami ( 1 2th century)

9 1

The Magnanimous Enemy

Magnus Barfod, in the year 1 102, undertook the general conquest

of the kingdoms of Ireland; it is said that on the eve of his death

he received this greeting from Muirchertach, king in Dublin :

May gold and the storm fight along with you in your armies,

Magnus Barfod.

Tomorrow, in the fields of my kingdom, may you have a

happy battle.

May your kingly hands be terrible in weaving the sword-stuff.

May those opposing your sword become meat for the red swan.

May your many gods glut you with glory, may they glut you

with blood.

Victorious may you be in the dawn, king who tread on Ireland.

Of your many days may none shine bright as tomorrow.

Because that day will be the last. I swear it to you,

King Magnus.

For before its light is blotted, I shall vanquish you and blot you

out, Magnus Barfod.

From H. Gering: Anhang zur Heimskringla ( 1893)

The Regret of Heraclitus

I, who have been so many men, have never been

The one in whose embrace Matilde Urbach swooned.

Gaspar Camerarius, in Deliciae poetarum Borussiae, VII, 16

92

Epilogue

God grant that the essential monotony of this miscellany

(which time has compiled-not l-and which admits past

pieces that I have not dared to revise, because I wrote them

with a different concept of literature) be less evident than the

geographical and historical diversity of its themes. Of all the

books I have delivered to the presses, none, I think, is as

personal as the straggling collection mustered for this hodgepodge, precisely because it abounds in reflections and interpolations. Few things have happened to me, and I have read a great many. Or rather, few things have happened to me more

worth remembering than Schopenhauer's thought or the music

of England's words.

A man sets himself the task of portraying the world.

Through the years he peoples a space with images of provinces, kingdoms, mountains, bays, ships, islands, fishes, rooms, instruments, stars, horses, and people. Shortly before his death,

he discovers that that patient labyrinth of lines traces the

image of his face.






