

a cradle song


sweet dreams form a shade,

oer my lovely infants head.

sweet dreams of pleasant streams,

by happy silent moony beams

sweet sleep with soft down.

weave thy brows an infant crown.

sweet sleep angel mild,

hover oer my happy child.

sweet smiles in the night,

hover over my delight.

sweet smiles mothers smiles,

all the livelong night beguiles.

sweet moans, dovelike sighs,

chase not slumber from thy eyes,

sweet moans, sweeter smiles,

all the dovelike moans beguiles.

sleep sleep happy child,

all creation slept and smild.

sleep sleep, happy sleep.

while oer thee thy mother weep

sweet babe in thy face,

holy image i can trace.

sweet babe once like thee.

thy maker lay and wept for me

wept for me for thee for all,

when he was an infant small.

thou his image ever see.

heavenly face that smiles on thee,

smiles on thee on me on all,

who became an infant small,

infant smiles are his own smiles,

heaven andamp; earth to peace beguiles.


  

3

a divine image

cruelty has a human heart,

and jealousy a human face;

terror the human form divine,

and secresy the human dress.

the human dress is forged iron,

the human form a fiery forge,

the human face a furnace sealed,

the human heart its hungry gorge.

----

  

4

a dream

once a dream did weave a shade

oer my angel-guarded bed,

that an emmet lost its way

where on grass methought i lay.

troubled, wildered, and forlorn,

dark, benighted, travel-worn,

over many a tangle spray,

all heart-broke, i heard her say:

oh my children! do they cry,

do they hear their father sigh?

now they look abroad to see,

now return and weep for me.

pitying, i dropped a tear:

but i saw a glow-worm near,

who replied, what wailing wight

calls the watchman of the night?

i am set to light the ground,

while the beetle goes his round:

follow now the beetles hum;

little wanderer, hie thee home!

----

  

5

a little boy lost

vnought loves another as itself,

nor venerates another so,

nor is it possible to thought

a greater than itself to know.

and, father, how can i love you

or any of my brothers more?

i love you like the little bird

that picks up crumbs around the door.

the priest sat by and heard the child;

in trembling zeal he seized his hair,

he led him by his little coat,

and all admired the priestly care.

and standing on the altar high,

lo, what a fiend is here! said he:

one who sets reason up for judge

of our most holy mystery.

the weeping child could not be heard,

the weeping parents wept in vain:

they stripped him to his little shirt,

and bound him in an iron chain,

and burned him in a holy place

where many had been burned before;

the weeping parents wept in vain.

are such thing done on albions shore?

----

  

6

a little girl lost

children of the future age,

reading this indignant page,

know that in a former time

love, sweet love, was thought a crime.

in the age of gold,

free from winters cold,

youth and maiden bright,

to the holy light,

naked in the sunny beams delight.

once a youthful pair,

filled with softest care,

met in garden bright

where the holy light

had just removed the curtains of the night.

then, in rising day,

on the grass they play;

parents were afar,

strangers came not near,

and the maiden soon forgot her fear.

tired with kisses sweet,

they agree to meet

when the silent sleep

waves oer heavens deep,

and the weary tired wanderers weep.

to her father white

came the maiden bright;

but his loving look,

like the holy book

all her tender limbs with terror shook.

ona, pale and weak,

to thy father speak!

oh the trembling fear!

oh the dismal care

that shakes the blossoms of my hoary hair!

----

  

7

a poison tree

i was angry with my friend:

i told my wrath, my wrath did end.

i was angry with my foe:

i told it not, my wrath did grow.

and i watered it in fears,

night and morning with my tears;

and i sunned it with smiles,

and with soft deceitful wiles.

and it grew both day and night,

till it bore an apple bright.

and my foe beheld it shine.

and he knew that it was mine,

and into my garden stole

when the night had veiled the pole;

in the morning glad i see

my foe outstretched beneath the tree.

----

  

8

a song

sweet dreams, form a shade

oer my lovely infants head!

sweet dreams of pleasant streams

by happy, silent, moony beams!

sweet sleep, with soft down

weave thy brows an infant crown

sweet sleep, angel mild,

hover oer my happy child!

sweet smiles, in the night

hover over my delight!

sweet smiles, mothers smile,

all the livelong night beguile.

sweet moans, dovelike sighs,

chase not slumber from thine eyes!

sweet moan, sweeter smile,

all the dovelike moans beguile.

sleep, sleep, happy child!

all creation slept and smiled.

sleep, sleep, happy sleep,

while oer thee doth mother weep.

sweet babe, in thy face

holy image i can trace;

sweet babe, once like thee

thy maker lay, and wept for me:

wept for me, for thee, for all,

when he was an infant small.

thou his image ever see,

heavenly face that smiles on thee!

smiles on thee, on me, on all,

who became an infant small;

infant smiles are his own smiles;

heaven and earth to peace beguiles.

----

  

9

a war song to englishmen

prepare, prepare the iron helm of war,

bring forth the lots, cast in the spacious orb;

th angel of fate turns them with mighty hands,

and casts them out upon the darkend earth!

prepare, prepare!

prepare your hearts for deaths cold hand! prepare your souls for flight, your bodies for the earth; prepare your arms for glorious victory;

prepare your eyes to meet a holy god!

prepare, prepare!

whose fatal scroll is that? methinks tis mine!

why sinks my heart, why faltereth my tongue?

had i three lives, id die in such a cause,

and rise, with ghosts, over the well-fought field.

prepare, prepare!

the arrows of almighty god are drawn!

angels of death stand in the louring heavens!

thousands of souls must seek the realms of light, and walk together on the clouds of heaven!

prepare, prepare!

soldiers, prepare! our cause is heavens cause;

soldiers, prepare! be worthy of our cause:

prepare to meet our fathers in the sky:

prepare, o troops, that are to fall to-day!

prepare, prepare!

alfred shall smile, and make his harp rejoice;

the norman william, and the learned clerk,

and lion heart, and black-browd edward, with

his loyal queen, shall rise, and welcome us!

prepare, prepare!

----

  

10

ah sunflower

ah sunflower, weary of time,

who countest the steps of the sun;

seeking after that sweet golden clime

where the travellers journey is done;

where the youth pined away with desire,

and the pale virgin shrouded in snow,

arise from their graves, and aspire

where my sunflower wishes to go!

----

  

11

ah! sunflower

ah sunflower, weary of time,

who countest the steps of the sun;

seeking after that sweet golden clime

where the travellers journey is done;

where the youth pined away with desire,

and the pale virgin shrouded in snow,

arise from their graves, and aspire

where my sunflower wishes to go!

----

  

12

ah! sun-flower

ah, sun-flower! weary of time,

who countest the steps of the sun,

seeking after that sweet golden clime

where the travellers journey is done:

where the youth pined away with desire

and the pale virgin shrouded in snow

arise from their graves, and aspire

where my sun-flower wishes to go.

----

  

13

an imitation of spenser

golden apollo, that thro heaven wide

scatterst the rays of light, and truths beams,

in lucent words my darkling verses dight,

and wash my earthy mind in thy clear streams,

that wisdom may descend in fairy dreams,

all while the jocund hours in thy train

scatter their fancies at thy poets feet;

and when thou yields to night thy wide domain,

let rays of truth enlight his sleeping brain.

for brutish pan in vain might thee assay

with tinkling sounds to dash thy nervous verse,

sound without sense; yet in his rude affray,

(for ignorance is follys leasing nurse

and love of folly needs none others curse)

midas the praise hath gaind of lengthend ears,

for which himself might deem him neer the worse

to sit in council with his modern peers,

and judge of tinkling rimes and elegances terse.

and thou, mercurius, that with winged brow

dost mount aloft into the yielding sky,

and thro heavns halls thy airy flight dost throw, entering with holy feet to where on high

jove weighs the counsel of futurity;

then, laden with eternal fate, dost go

down, like a falling star, from autumn sky,

and oer the surface of the silent deep dost fly: if thou arrivest at the sandy shore

where nought but envious hissing adders dwell,

thy golden rod, thrown on t 1000 he dusty floor,

can charm to harmony with potent spell.

such is sweet eloquence, that does dispel

envy and hate that thirst for human gore;

and cause in sweet society to dwell

vile savage minds that lurk in lonely cell

o mercury, assist my labring sense

that round the circle of the world would fly,

as the wingd eagle scorns the towry fence

of alpine hills round his high aëry,

and searches thro the corners of the sky,

sports in the clouds to hear the thunders sound, and see the winged lightnings as they fly;

then, bosomd in an amber cloud, around

plumes his wide wings, and seeks sols palace high.

and thou, o warrior maid invincible,

armd with the terrors of almighty jove,

pallas, minerva, maiden terrible,

lovst thou to walk the peaceful solemn grove,

in solemn gloom of branches interwove?

  

14

or bearst thy aegis oer the burning field,

where, like the sea, the waves of battle move?

or have thy soft piteous eyes beheld

the weary wanderer thro the desert rove?

or does th afflicted man thy heavnly bosom move?

----

  

15

and did those feet in ancient time

and did those feet in ancient time

walk upon englands mountains green?

and was the holy lamb of god

on englands pleasant pastures seen?

and did the countenance divine

shine forth upon our clouded hills?

and was jerusalem builded here

among these dark satanic mills?

bring me my bow of burning gold!

bring me my arrows of desire!

bring me my spear! o clouds, unfold!

bring me my chariot of fire!

i will not cease from mental fight,

nor shall my sword sleep in my hand,

till we have built jerusalem

in englands green and pleasant land.

----

  

16

angel, the

i dreamt a dream! what can it mean?

and that i was a maiden queen

guarded by an angel mild:

witless woe was neer beguiled!

and i wept both night and day,

and he wiped my tears away;

and i wept both day and night,

and hid from him my hearts delight.

so he took his wings, and fled;

then the morn blushed rosy red.

i dried my tears, and armed my fears

with ten-thousand shields and spears.

soon my angel came again;

i was armed, he came in vain;

for the time of youth was fled,

and grey hairs were on my head.

----

  

17

auguries of innocence

to see a world in a grain of sand

and a heaven in a wild flower,

hold infinity in the palm of your hand

and eternity in an hour.

a robin red breast in a cage

puts all heaven in a rage.

a dove house filld with doves and pigeons

shudders hell thro all its regions.

a dog starvd at his masters gate

predicts the ruin of the state.

a horse misusd upon the road

calls to heaven for human blood.

each outcry of the hunted hare

a fibre from the brain does tear.

a skylark wounded in the wing,

a cherubim does cease to sing.

the game cock clippd and armd for fight

does the rising sun affright.

every wolfs and lions howl

raises from hell a human soul.

the wild deer, wandring here and there,

keeps the human soul from care.

the lamb misusd breeds public strife

and yet forgives the butchers knife.

the bat that flits at close of eve

has left the brain that wont believe.

the owl that calls upon the night

speaks the unbelievers fright.

he who shall hurt the little wren

shall never be belovd by men.

he who the ox to wrath has movd

shall never be by woman lovd.

the wanton boy that kills the fly

shall feel the spiders enmity.

he who torments the chafers sprite

weaves a bower in endless night.

the catterpillar on the leaf

repeats to thee thy mothers grief.

kill not the moth nor butterfly,

for the last judgement draweth nigh.

he who shall train the horse to war

shall never pass the polar bar.

the beggars dog and widows cat,

feed them and thou wilt grow fat.

the gnat that sings his summers song

poison gets from slanders tongue.

the poison of the snake and newt

is the sweat of envys foot.

the poison of the honey bee

is the artists jealousy.

the princes robes and beggars rags

  

18

are toadstools on the misers bags.

a truth thats told with bad intent

beats all the lies you can invent.

it is right it should be so;

man was made for joy and woe;

and when this we rightly know

thro the world we safely go.

joy and woe are woven fine,

a clothing for the soul divine;

under every grief and pine

runs a joy with silken twine.

the babe is more than swadling bands;

throughout all these human lands

tools were made, and born were hands,

every farmer understands.

every tear from every eye

becomes a babe in eternity.

this is caught by females bright

and returnd to its own delight.

the bleat, the bark, bellow and roar

are waves that beat on heavens shore.

the babe that weeps the rod beneath

writes revenge in realms of death.

the beggars rags, fluttering in air,

does to rags the heavens tear.

the soldier armd with sword and gun,

palsied strikes the summers sun.

the poor mans farthing is worth more

than all the gold on africs shore.

one mite wrung from the labrers hands

shall buy and sell the misers lands:

or, if protected from on high,

does that whole nation sell and buy.

he who mocks the infants faith

shall be mockd in age and death.

he who shall teach the child to doubt

the rotting grave shall neer get out.

he who respects the infants faith

triumphs over hell and death.

the childs toys and the old mans reasons

are the fruits of the two seasons.

the questioner, who sits so sly,

shall never know how to reply.

he who replies to words of doubt

doth put the light of knowledge out.

the strongest poison ever known

came from caesars laurel crown.

nought can deform the human race

like the armours iron brace.

when gold and gems adorn the plow

to peaceful arts shall envy bow.

a riddle or the crickets cry

  

19

is to doubt a fit reply.

the emmets inch and eagles mile

make lame philosophy to smile.

he who doubts from what he sees

will neer believe, do what you please.

if the sun and moon should doubt

theyd immediately go out.

to be in a passion you good may do,

but no good if a passion is in you.

the whore and gambler, by the state

licencd, build that nations fate.

the harlots cry from street to street

shall weave old englands winding sheet.

the winners shout, the losers curse,

dance before dead englands hearse.

every night and every morn

some to misery are born.

every morn and every night

some are born to sweet delight.

some ar born to sweet delight,

some are born to endless night.

we are led to believe a lie

when we see not thro the eye

which was born in a night to perish in a night

when the soul slept in beams of light.

god appears and god is light

to those poor souls who dwell in the night,

but does a human form display

to those who dwell in realms of day.

----

  

20

blind mans buff

when silver snow decks susans clothes,

and jewel hangs at th shepherds nose,

the blushing bank is all my care,

with hearth so red, and walls so fair;

heap the sea-coal, come, heap it higher,

the oaken log lay on the fire.

the well-washd stools, a circling row,

with lad and lass, how fair the show!

the merry can of nut-brown ale,

the laughing jest, the love-sick tale,

till, tird of chat, the game begins.

the lasses prick the lads with pins;

roger from dolly twitchd the stool,

she, falling, kissd the ground, poor fool!

she blushd so red, with sidelong glance

at hob-nail dick, who grievd the chance.

but now for blind mans buff they call;

of each encumbrance clear the hall--

jenny her silken kerchief folds,

and blear-eyed will the black lot holds.

now laughing stops, with silence! hush!

and peggy pout gives sam a push.

the blind mans arms, extended wide,

sam slips between:--o woe betide

thee, clumsy will!--but tittring kate

is pennd up in the corner straight!

and now wills eyes beheld the play;

he thought his face was tother way.

now, kitty, now! what chance hast thou,

roger so near thee!--trips, i vow!

she catches him--then roger ties

his own head up--but not his eyes;

for thro the slender cloth he sees,

and runs at sam, who slips with ease

his clumsy hold; and, dodging round,

sukey is tumbled on the ground!--

see what it is to play unfair!

where cheating is, theres mischief there.

but roger still pursues the chase,--

he sees! he sees! cries, softly, grace;

o roger, thou, unskilld in art,

must, surer bound, go thro thy part!

now kitty, pert, repeats the rimes,

and roger turns him round three times,

then pauses ere he starts--but dick

was mischief bent upon a trick;

down on his hands and knees he lay

directly in the blind mans way,

then cries out hem! hodge heard, and ran

with hood-winkd chance--sure of his man;

but down he came. -- alas, how frail

our best of hopes, how soon they fail!

  

21

with crimson drops he stains the ground;

confusion startles all around.

poor piteous dick supports his head,

and fain would cure the hurt he made.

but kitty hasted with a key,

and down his back they straight convey

the cold relief; the blood is stayd,

and hodge again holds up his head.

such are the fortunes of the game,

and those who play should stop the same

by wholesome laws; such as all those

who on the blinded man impose

stand in his stead; as, long a-gone,

when men were first a nation grown,

lawless they livd, till wantonness

a 1000 nd liberty began t increase,

and one man lay in anothers way;

then laws were made to keep fair play.

----

  

22

blossom, the

merry, merry sparrow!

under leaves so green

a happy blossom

sees you, swift as arrow,

seek your cradle narrow,

near my bosom.

pretty, pretty robin!

under leaves so green

a happy blossom

hears you sobbing, sobbing,

pretty, pretty robin,

near my bosom.

----

  

23

book of thel, the

thels motto

1 does the eagle know what is in the pit?

2 or wilt thou go ask the mole?

3 can wisdom be put in a silver rod?

4 or love in a golden bowl?

i

1.1 the daughters of the seraphim led round their sunny flocks, 1.2 all but the youngest: she in paleness sought the secret air, 1.3 to fade away like morning beauty from her mortal day: 1.4 down by the river of adona her soft voice is heard, 1.5 and thus her gentle lamentation falls like morning dew: 1.6 "o life of this our spring! why fades the lotus of the water, 1.7 why fade these children of the spring, born but to smile and fall?

1.8 ah! thel is like a watry bow, and like a parting cloud; 1.9 like a reflection in a glass; like shadows in the water; 1.10 like dreams of infants, like a smile upon an infants face; 1.11 like the doves voice; like transient day; like music in the air.

1.12 ah! gentle may i lay me down, and gentle rest my head, 1.13 and gentle sleep the sleep of death, and gentle hear the voice 1.14 of him that walketh in the garden in the evening time."

1.15 the lily of the valley, breathing in the humble grass, 1.16 answerd the lovely maid and said: "i am a watry weed, 1.17 and i am very small and love to dwell in lowly vales; 1.18 so weak, the gilded butterfly scarce perches on my head.

1.19 yet i am visited from heaven, and he that smiles on all 1.20 walks in the valley and each morn over me spreads his hand, 1.21 saying, rejoice, thou humble grass, thou new-born lily-flower, 1.22 thou gentle maid of silent valleys and of modest brooks; 1.23 for thou shalt be clothed in light, and fed with morning manna, 1.24 till summers heat melts thee beside the fountains and the springs 1.25 to flourish in eternal vales. then why should thel complain?

1.26 why should the mistress of the vales of har utter a sigh?"

1.27 she ceasd and smild in tears, then sat down in her silver shrine.

1.28 thel answerd: "o thou little virgin of the peaceful valley, 1.29 giving to those that cannot crave, the voiceless, the oertired; 1.30 thy breath doth nourish the innocent lamb, he smells thy milky garments, 1.31 he crops thy flowers while thou sittest smiling in his face, 1.32 wiping his mild and meekin mouth from all contagious taints.

1.33 thy wine doth purify the golden honey; thy perfume, 1.34 which thou dost scatter on every little blade of grass that springs, 1.35 revives the milked cow, and tames the fire-breathing steed.

1.36 but thel is like a faint cloud kindled at the rising sun: 1.37 i vanish from my pearly throne, and who shall find my place?"

1.38 "queen of the vales," the lily answerd, "ask the tender cloud, 1.39 and it shall tell thee why it glitters in the morning sky,

  

24

1.40 and why it scatters its bright beauty thro the humid air.

1.41 descend, o little cloud, and hover before the eyes of thel."

1.42 the cloud descended, and the lily bowd her modest head 1.43 and went to mind her numerous charge among the verdant grass.

ii

2.1 "o little cloud," the virgin said, "i charge thee tell to me 2.2 why thou complainest not when in one hour thou fade away: 2.3 then we shall seek thee, but not find. ah! thel is like to thee: 2.4 i pass away: yet i complain, and no one hears my voice."

2.5 the cloud then shewd his golden head and his bright form emergd, 2.6 hovering and glittering on the air before the face of thel.

2.7 "o virgin, knowst thou not our steeds drink of the golden springs 2.8 where luvah doth renew his horses? lookst thou on my youth, 2.9 and fearest thou, because i vanish and am seen no more, 2.10 nothing remains? o maid, i tell thee, when i pass away 2.11 it is to tenfold life, to love, to peace and raptures holy: 2.12 unseen descending, weigh my light wings upon balmy flowers, 2.13 and court the fair-eyed dew to take me to her shining tent: 2.14 the weeping virgin trembling kneels before the risen sun, 2.15 till we arise linkd in a golden band and never part, 2.16 but walk united, bearing food to all our tender flowers."

2.17 "dost thou, o little cloud? i fear that i am not like thee, 2.18 for i walk thro the vales of har, and smell the sweetest flowers, 2.19 but i feed not the little flowers; i hear the warbling birds, 2.20 but i feed not the warbling birds; they fly and seek their food: 2.21 but thel delights in these no more, because i fade away; 2.22 and all shall say, without a use this shining woman livd, 2.23 or did she only live to be at death the food of worms? "

2.24 the cloud reclind upon his airy throne and answerd thus: 2.25 "then if thou art the food of worms, o virgin of the skies, 2.26 how great thy use, how great thy blessing! every thing that lives 2.27 lives not alone nor for itself. fear not, and i will call 2.28 the weak worm from its lowly bed, and thou shalt hear its voice, 2.29 come forth, worm of the silent valley, to thy pensive queen."

2.30 the helpless worm arose, and sat upon the lilys leaf, 2.31 and the bright cloud saild on, to find his partner in the vale.

iii

3.1 then thel astonishd viewd the worm upon its dewy bed.

3.2 "art thou a worm? image of weakness, art thou but a worm?

3.3 i see thee like an infant wrapped in the lilys leaf

  

25

3.4 ah! weep not, little voice, thou canst not speak, but thou canst weep.

3.5 is this a worm? i see thee lay helpless and naked, weeping, 3.6 and none to answer, none to cherish thee with mothers smiles."

3.7 the clod of clay heard the worms voice and raisd her pitying head: 3.8 she bowd over the weeping infant, and her life exhald 3.9 in milky fondness: then on thel she fixd her humble eyes.

3.10 "o beauty of the vales of har! we live not for ourselves.

3.11 thou seest me the meanest thing, and so i am indeed.

3.12 my bosom of itself is cold, and of itself is dark; 3.13 but he, that loves the lowly, pours his oil upon my head, 3.14 and kisses me, and binds his nuptial bands around my breast, 3.15 and says: thou mother of my children, i have loved thee 3.16 and i have given thee a crown that none can take away.

3.17 but how this is, sweet maid, i know not, and i cannot know; 3.18 i ponder, and i cannot ponder; yet i live and love."

3.19 the daughter of beauty wipd her pitying tears with her white veil, 3.20 and said: "alas! i knew not this, and therefore did i weep.

3.21 that god would love a worm i knew, and punish the evil foot 3.22 that wilful bruisd its helpless form; but that he cherishd it 3.23 with milk and oil i never knew, and therefore did i weep; 3.24 and i complaind in the mild air, because i fade away, 3.25 and lay me down in thy cold bed, and leave my shining lot."

3.26 "queen of the vales," the matron clay answerd, "i heard thy sighs, 3.27 and all thy moans flew oer my roof, but i have calld them down.

3.28 wilt thou, o queen, enter my house? tis given thee to enter 3.29 and to return: fear nothing, enter with thy virgin feet."

iv

4.1 the eternal gates terrific porter lifted the northern bar: 4.2 thel enterd in and saw the secrets of the land unknown.

4.3 she saw the couches of the dead, and where the fibrous roots 4.4 of every heart on earth infixes deep its restless twists: 4.5 a land of sorrows and of tears where never smile was seen.

4.6 she wanderd in the land of clouds thro valleys dark, listning 4.7 dolours and lamentations; waiting oft beside a dewy grave 4.8 she stood in silence, listning to the voices of the ground, 4.9 till to her own grave plot she came, and there she sat down, 4.10 and heard this voice of sorrow breathed from the hollow pit.

4.11 "why cannot the ear be closed to its own destruction?

4.12 or the glistning eye to the poison of a smile?

4.13 why are eyelids stord with arrows ready drawn, 4.14 where a thousand fighting men in ambush lie?

4.15 or an eye of gifts and graces showring fruits and coined gold?

4.16 why a tongue impressd with honey from every wind?

4.17 why an ear, a whirlpool fierce to draw creations in?

4.18 why a nostril wide inhaling terror, trembling, and affright?

  

26

4.19 why a tender curb upon the youthful burning boy?

4.20 why a little curtain of flesh on the bed of our desire?"

4.21 the virgin started from her seat, and with a shriek 4.22 fled back unhinderd till she came into the vales of har.

----

  

27

book of urizen, the (excerpts)

chapter 1

lo, a shadow of horror is risen

in eternity! unknown, unprolific,

self-closd, all-repelling: what demon

hath formd this abominable void,

this soul-shuddring vacuum? some said

"it is urizen." but unknown, abstracted, brooding, secret, the dark power hid.

chapter 2

times on times he divided and measurd

space by space in his ninefold darkness,

unseen, unknown; changes appeard

like desolate mountains, rifted furious

by the black winds of perturbation.

chapter 3

for he strove in battles dire,

in unseen conflictions with shapes

bred from his forsaken wilderness

of beast, bird, fish, serpent and element,

combustion, blast, vapour and cloud.

chapter 4

dark, revolving in silent activity:

unseen in tormenting passions:

an activity unknown and horrible,

a self-contemplating shadow,

in enormous labours occupied.

chapter 5

but eternals beheld his vast forests;

age on ages he lay, closd, unknown,

brooding shut in the deep; all avoid

the petrific, abominable chaos.

6

his cold horrors silent, dark urizen

prepard; his ten thousands of thunders,

rangd in gloomd array, stretch out across

the dread world; and the rolling of wheels,

as of swelling seas, sound in his clouds,

in his hills of stord snows, in his mountains of hail and ice; voices of terror

are heard, like thunders of autumn

when the cloud blazes over the harvests.

  

28

----

  

29

broken love

my spectre around me night and day

like a wild beast guards my way;

my emanation far within

weeps incessantly for my sin.

‘a fathomless and boundless deep,

there we wander, there we weep;

on the hungry craving wind

my spectre follows thee behind.

‘he scents thy footsteps in the snow

wheresoever thou dost go,

thro’ the wintry hail and rain.

when wilt thou return again?

’dost thou not in pride and scorn

fill with tempests all my morn,

and with jealousies and fears

fill my pleasant nights with tears?

‘seven of my sweet loves thy knife

has bereaved of their life.

their marble tombs i built with tears,

and with cold and shuddering fears.

‘seven more loves weep night and day

round the tombs where my loves lay,

and seven more loves attend each night

around my couch with torches bright.

‘and seven more loves in my bed

crown with wine my mournful head,

pitying and forgiving all

thy transgressions great and small.

‘when wilt thou return and view

my loves, and them to life renew?

when wilt thou return and live?

when wilt thou pity as i forgive?’

‘o’er my sins thou sit and moan:

hast thou no sins of thy own?

o’er my sins thou sit and weep,

and lull thy own sins fast asleep.

‘what transgressions i commit

are for thy transgressions fit.

they thy harlots, thou their slave;

and my bed becomes their grave.

‘never, never, i return:

still for victory i burn.

  

30

living, thee alone i’ll have;

and when dead i’ll be thy grave.

‘thro’ the heaven and earth and hell

thou shalt never, quell:

i will fly and thou pursue:

night and morn the flight renew.’

‘poor, pale, pitiable form

that i follow in a storm;

iron tears and groans of lead

bind around my aching head.

‘till i turn from female love

and root up the infernal grove,

i shall never worthy be

to step into eternity.

‘and, to end thy cruel mocks,

annihilate thee on the rocks,

and another form create

to be subservient to my fate.

‘let us agree to give up love,

and root up the infernal grove;

then shall we return and see

the worlds of happy eternity.

‘and throughout all eternity

i forgive you, you forgive me.

as our dear redeemer said:

“this the wine, and this the bread.”’

----

  

31

but in the wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance but in the wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance: they howl and writhe in shoals of torment, in fierce flames consuming, in chains of iron and in dungeons circled with ceaseless fires, in pits and dens and shades of death, in shapes of torment and woe: the plates and screws and racks and saws and cords and fires and cisterns the cruel joys of luvahs daughters, lacerating with knives and whips their victims, and the deadly sport of luvahs sons.

they dance around the dying and they drink the howl and groan, they catch the shrieks in cups of gold, they hand them to one another: these are the sports of love, and these the sweet delights of amorous play, tears of the grape, the death sweat of the cluster, the last sigh of the mild youth who listens to the luring songs of luvah.----

----

  

32

chimney sweeper, the

a little black thing in the snow,

crying "weep! weep!" in notes of woe!

"where are thy father and mother? say!"--

"they are both gone up to the church to pray.

"because i was happy upon the heath,

and smiled among the winters snow,

they clothed me in the clothes of death,

and taught me to sing the notes of woe.

"and because i am happy and dance and sing, they think they have done me no injury,

and are gone to praise god and his priest and king, who make up a heaven of our misery."

----

  

33

chimney-sweeper, the

when my mother died i was very young,

and my father sold me while yet my tongue

could scarcely cry "weep! weep! weep! weep!"

so your chimneys i sweep, and in soot i sleep.

theres little tom dacre, who cried when his head, that curled like a lambs back, was shaved; so i said,

"hush, tom! never mind it, for, when your heads bare, you know that the soot cannot spoil your white hair."

and so he was quiet, and that very night,

as tom was a-sleeping, he had such a sight! --

that thousands of sweepers, dick, joe, ned, and jack, were all of them locked up in coffins of black.

and by came an angel, who had a bright key,

and he opened the coffins, and let them all free; then down a green plain, leaping, laughing, they run, and wash in a river, and shine in the sun.

then naked and white, all their bags left behind, they rise upon clouds, and sport in the wind;

and the angel told tom, if hed be a good boy,

hed have god for his father, and never want joy.

and so tom awoke, and we rose in the dark,

and got with our bags and our brushes to work.

though the morning was cold, tom was happy and warm: so, if all do their duty, they need not fear harm.

----

  

34

clod and the pebble, the

"love seeketh not itself to please,

nor for itself hath any care,

but for another gives its ease,

and builds a heaven in hells despair."

so sung a little clod of clay,

trodden with the cattles feet;

but a pebble of the brook

warbled out these meters meet:

"love seeketh only self to please,

to bind another to its delight,

joys in anothers loss of ease,

and builds a hell in heavens despite."

----

  

35

cradle song

sleep, sleep, beauty bright,

dreaming in the joys of night;

sleep, sleep; in thy sleep

little sorrows sit and weep.

sweet babe, in thy face

soft desires i can trace,

secret joys and secret smiles,

little pretty infant wiles.

as thy softest limbs i feel

smiles as of the morning steal

oer thy cheek, and oer thy breast

where thy little heart doth rest.

o the cunning wiles that creep

in thy little heart asleep!

when thy little heart doth wake,

then the dreadful night shall break.

----

  

36

crystal cabinet, the

the maiden caught me in the wild,

where i was dancing merrily;

she put me into her cabinet,

and lockd me up with a golden key.

this cabinet is formd of gold

and pearl and crystal shining bright,

and within it opens into a world

and a little lovely moony night.

another england there i saw

another london with its tower,

another thames and other hills,

and another pleasant surrey bower.

another maiden like herself,

translucent, lovely, shining clear,

threefold each in the other closd

o, what a pleasant trembling fear!

o, what a smile! a threefold smile

filld me, that like a flame i burnd;

i bent to kiss the lovely maid,

and found a threefold kiss returnd.

i strove to seize the inmost form

with ardor fierce and hands of flame,

but burst the crystal cabinet,

and like a weeping babe became--

a weeping babe upon the wild,

and weeping woman pale reclind,

and in the outward air again,

i filld with woes the passing wind.

.

----

  

37

day

the sun arises in the east,

clothd in robes of blood and gold;

swords and spears and wrath increast

all around his bosom rolld

crownd with warlike fires and raging desires.

----

  

38

devine image

to mercy, pity, peace, and love,

all pray in their distress,

and to these virtues of delight

return their thankfulness.

for mercy, pity, peace, and love,

is god our father dear;

and mercy, pity, peace, and love,

is man, his child and care.

for mercy has a human heart

pity, a human face;

and love, the human form divine;

and peace, the human dress.

then every man, of every clime,

that prays in his distress,

prays to the human form divine:

love, mercy, pity, peace.

and all must love the human form,

in heathen, turk, or jew.

where mercy, love, and pity dwell,

there god is dwelling too.

----

  

39

divine image, the

to mercy, pity, peace, and love

all pray in their distress;

and to these virtues of delight

return their thankfulness.

for mercy, pity, peace, and love

is god, our father dear,

and mercy, pity, peace, and love

is man, his child and care.

for mercy has a human heart,

pity a human face,

and love, the human form divine,

and peace, the human dress.

then every man, of every clime,

that prays in his distress,

prays to the human form divine,

love, mercy, pity, peace.

and all must love the human form,

in heathen, turk, or jew;

where mercy, love, and pity dwell

there god is dwelling too.

----

  

40

earths answer

earth raised up her head

from the darkness dread and drear,

her light fled,

stony, dread,

and her locks covered with grey despair.

prisoned on watery shore,

starry jealousy does keep my den

cold and hoar;

weeping ore,

i hear the father of the ancient men.

selfish father of men!

cruel, jealous, selfish fear!

can delight,

chained in night,

the virgins of youth and morning bear?

does spring hide its joy,

when buds and blossoms grow?

does the sower

sow by night,

or the plowman in darkness plough?

break this heavy chain,

that does freeze my bones around!

selfish, vain,

eternal bane,

that free love with bondage bound.

----

  

41

echoing green, the

the sun does arise,

and make happy the skies;

the merry bells ring

to welcome the spring;

the skylark and thrush,

the birds of the bush,

sing louder around

to the bells cheerful sound,

while our sports shall be seen

on the echoing green.

old john with white hair,

does laugh away care,

sitting under the oak,

among the old folk.

they laugh at our play,

and soon they all say:

"such, such were the joys

when we all, girls and boys,

in our youth time were seen

on the echoing green."

till the little ones, weary,

no more can be merry;

the sun does descend,

and our sports have an end.

round the laps of their mothers

many sisters and brother,

like birds in their nest,

are ready for rest,

and sport no more seen

on the darkening green.

.

----

  

42

england! awake! awake! awake!

england! awake! awake! awake!

jerusalem thy sister calls!

why wilt thou sleep the sleep of death

and close her from thy ancient walls?

thy hills and valleys felt her feet

gently upon their bosoms move:

thy gates beheld sweet zions ways:

then was a time of joy and love.

and now the time returns again:

our souls exult, and londons towers

receive the lamb of god to dwell

in englands green and pleasant bowers.

----

  

43

eternity

he who binds to himself a joy

does the winged life destroy;

but he who kisses the joy as it flies

lives in eternitys sun rise.

----

  

44

fair elanor

the bell struck one, and shook the silent tower;

the graves give up their dead: fair elenor

walkd by the castle gate, and looked in.

a hollow groan ran thro the dreary vaults.

she shriekd aloud, and sunk upon the steps,

on the cold stone her pale cheeks. sickly smells

of death issue as from a sepulchre,

and all is silent but the sighing vaults.

chill death withdraws his hand, and she revives;

amazd, she finds herself upon her feet,

and, like a ghost, thro narrow passages

walking, feeling the cold walls with her hands.

fancy returns, and now she thinks of bones

and grinning skulls, and corruptible death

wrappd in his shroud; and now fancies she hears

deep sighs, and sees pale sickly ghosts gliding.

at length, no fancy but reality

distracts her. a rushing sound, and the feet

of one that fled, approaches--ellen stood

like a dumb statue, froze to stone with fear.

the wretch approaches, crying: the deed is done; take this, and send it by whom thou wilt send;

it is my life--send it to elenor:--

hes dead, and howling after me for blood!

take this, he cried; and thrust into her arms

a wet napkin, wrappd about; then rushd

past, howling: she receivd into her arms

pale death, and followd on the wings of fear.

they passd swift thro the outer gate; the wretch, howling, leapd oer the wall into the moat,

stifling in mud. fair ellen passd the bridge,

and heard a gloomy voice cry ìs it done?

as the deer wounded, ellen flew over

the pathless plain; as the arrows that fly

by night, destruction flies, and strikes in darkness.

she fled from fear, till at her house arrivd.

her maids await her; on her bed she falls,

that bed of joy, where erst her lord hath pressd: àh, womans fear! she cried; àh, cursed duke!

ah, my dear lord! ah, wretched elenor!

my lord was like a flower upon the brows

of lusty may! ah, life as frail as flower!

o ghastly death! withdraw thy cruel hand,

  

45

seekst thou that flowr to deck thy horrid temples?

my lord was like a star in highest heavn

drawn down to earth by spells and wickedness;

my lord was like the opening eyes of day

when western winds creep softly oer the flowers;

but he is darkend; like the summers noon

clouded; falln like the stately tree, cut down;

the breath of heaven dwelt among his leaves.

o elenor, weak woman, filld with woe!

thus having spoke, she raised up her head,

and saw the bloody napkin by her side,

which in her arms she brought; and now, tenfold

more terrified, saw it unfold itself.

her eyes were fixd; the bloody cloth unfolds,

disclosing to her sight the murderd head

of her dear lord, all ghastly pale, clotted

with gory blood; it groand, and thus it spake:

o elenor, i am thy husbands head,

who, sleeping on the stones of yonder tower,

was reft of life by the accursed duke!

a hired villain turnd my sleep to death!

o elenor, beware the cursed duke;

o give not him thy hand, now i am dead;

he seeks thy love; who, coward, in the night,

hired a villain to bereave my life.

she sat with dead cold limbs, stiffend to stone; she took the gory head up in her arms;

she kissd the pale lips; she had no tears to shed; she huggd it to her breast, and groand her last.

----

  

46

fly, the

little fly,

thy summers play

my thoughtless hand

has brushed away.

am not i

a fly like thee?

or art not thou

a man like me?

for i dance

and drink, and sing,

till some blind hand

shall brush my wing.

if thought is life

and strength and breath

and the want

of thought is death;

then am i

a happy fly,

if i live,

or if i die.

----

  

47

four zoas, the (excerpt)

1.1 "what is the price of experience? do men buy it for a song?

1.2 or wisdom for a dance in the street? no, it is bought with the price 1.3 of all that a man hath, his house, his wife, his children.

1.4 wisdom is sold in the desolate market where none come to buy, 1.5 and in the witherd field where the farmer plows for bread in vain.

1.6 it is an easy thing to triumph in the summers sun 1.7 and in the vintage and to sing on the waggon loaded with corn.

1.8 it is an easy thing to talk of patience to the afflicted, 1.9 to speak the laws of prudence to the houseless wanderer, 1.10 to listen to the hungry ravens cry in wintry season 1.11 when the red blood is filld with wine and with the marrow of lambs.

1.12 it is an easy thing to laugh at wrathful elements, 1.13 to hear the dog howl at the wintry door, the ox in the slaughter house moan; 1.14 to see a god on every wind and a blessing on every blast; 1.15 to hear sounds of love in the thunder storm that destroys our enemies house; 1.16 to rejoice in the blight that covers his field, and the sickness that cuts off his children,

1.17 while our olive and vine sing and laugh round our door, and our children bring fruits and flowers.

1.18 then the groan and the dolor are quite forgotten, and the slave grinding at the mill,

1.19 and the captive in chains, and the poor in the prison, and the soldier in the field 1.20 when the shatterd bone hath laid him groaning among the happier dead.

1.21 it is an easy thing to rejoice in the tents of prosperity: 1.22 thus could i sing and thus rejoice: but it is not so with me."

2.1 "compel the poor to live upon a crust of bread, by soft mild arts.

2.2 smile when they frown, frown when they smile; and when a man looks pale 2.3 with labour and abstinence, say he looks healthy and happy; 2.4 and when his children sicken, let them die; there are enough 2.5 born, even too many, and our earth will be overrun 2.6 without these arts. if you would make the poor live with temper, 2.7 with pomp give every crust of bread you give; with gracious cunning 2.8 magnify small gifts; reduce the man to want a gift, and then give with pomp.

2.9 say he smiles if you hear him sigh. if pale, say he is ruddy.

2.10 preach temperance: say he is overgorgd and drowns his wit 2.11 in strong drink, though you know that bread and water are all 2.12 he can afford. flatter his wife, pity his children, till we can 2.13 reduce all to our will, as spaniels are taught with art."

3.1 the sun has left his blackness and has found a fresher morning, 3.2 and the mild moon rejoices in the clear and cloudless night, 3.3 and man walks forth from midst of the fires: the evil is all consumd.

3.4 his eyes behold the angelic spheres arising night and day; 3.5 the stars consumd like a lamp blown out, and in their stead, behold 3.6 the expanding eyes of man behold the depths of wondrous worlds!

3.7 one earth, one sea beneath; nor erring globes wander, but stars 3.8 of fire rise up nightly from the ocean; and one sun

  

48

3.9 each morning, like a new born man, issues with songs and joy 3.10 calling the plowman to his labour and the shepherd to his rest.

3.11 he walks upon the eternal mountains, raising his heavenly voice, 3.12 conversing with the animal forms of wisdom night and day, 3.13 that, risen from the sea of fire, renewd walk oer the earth; 3.14 for tharmas brought his flocks upon the hills, and in the vales 3.15 around the eternal mans bright tent, the little children play 3.16 among the woolly flocks. the hammer of urthona sounds 3.17 in the deep caves beneath; his limbs renewd, his lions roar 3.18 around the furnaces and in evening sport upon the plains.

3.19 they raise their faces from the earth, conversing with the man: 3.20 "how is it we have walkd through fires and yet are not consumd?

3.21 how is it that all things are changd, even as in ancient times?"

----

  

49

french revolution, the (excerpt)

84 thee the ancientest peer, duke of burgundy, rose from the monarchs right hand, red as wines

85 from his mountains; an odor of war, like a ripe vineyard, rose from his garments, 86 and the chamber became as a clouded sky; oer the council he stretchd his red limbs,

87 clothd in flames of crimson; as a ripe vineyard stretches over sheaves of corn, 88 the fierce duke hung over the council; around him crowd, weeping in his burning robe,

89 a bright cloud of infant souls; his words fall like purple autumn on the sheaves: 90 "shall this marble built heaven become a clay cottage, this earth an oak stool and these mowers

91 from the atlantic mountains mow down all this great starry harvest of six thousand years?

92 and shall necker, the hind of geneva, stretch out his crookd sickle oer fertile france

93 till our purple and crimson is faded to russet, and the kingdoms of earth bound in sheaves,

94 and the ancient forests of chivalry hewn, and the joys of the combat burnt for fuel;

95 till the power and dominion is rent from the pole, sword and sceptre from sun and moon,

96 the law and gospel from fire and air, and eternal reason and science 97 from the deep and the solid, and man lay his faded head down on the rock 98 of eternity, where the eternal lion and eagle remain to devour?

99 this to prevent--urgd by cries in day, and prophetic dreams hovering in night, 100 to enrich the lean earth that craves, furrowd with plows, whose seed is departing from her--

101 thy nobles have gatherd thy starry hosts round this rebellious city, 102 to rouze up the ancient forests of europe, with clarions of cloud breathing war, 103 to hear the horse neigh to the drum and trumpet, and the trumpet and war shout reply.

104 stretch the hand that beckons the eagles of heaven; they cry over paris, and wait

105 till fayette point his finger to versailles; the eagles of heaven must have their prey!"

106 he ceasd, and burnd silent; red clouds roll round necker; a weeping is heard oer the palace.

107 like a dark cloud necker pausd, and like thunder on the just mans burial day he pausd;

108 silent sit the winds, silent the meadows, while the husbandman and woman of weakness

109 and bright children look after him into the grave, and water his clay with love, 110 then turn towards pensive fields; so necker pausd, and his visage was covered with clouds.

111 the king leand on his mountains, then lifted his head and lookd on his armies, that shone

112 through heaven, tinging morning with beams of blood; then turning to burgundy, troubled:

113 "burgundy, thou wast born a lion! my soul is oergrown with distress.

114 for the nobles of france, and dark mists roll round me and blot the writing of god

  

50

115 written in my bosom. necker rise! leave the kingdom, thy life is surrounded with snares.

116 we have calld an assembly, but not to destroy; we have given gifts, not to the weak;

117 i hear rushing of muskets, and brightning of swords, and visages reddning with war,

118 frowning and looking up from brooding villages and every darkning city.

119 ancient wonders frown over the kingdom, and cries of women and babes are heard,

120 and tempests of doubt roll around me, and fierce sorrows, because of the nobles of france.

121 depart! answer not! for the tempest must fall, as in years that are passed away."

----

  

51

from milton: and did those feet

and did those feet in ancient time

walk upon englands mountains green?

and was the holy lamb of god

on englands pleasant pastures seen?

and did the countenance divine

shine forth upon our clouded hills?

and was jerusalem builded here,

among these dark satanic mills?

bring me my bow of burning gold:

bring me my arrows of desire:

bring me my spear:o clouds unfold!

bring me my chariot of fire!

i will not cease from mental fight,

nor shall my sword sleep in my hand,

till we have built jerusalem

in englands green andamp; pleasant land.

----

  

52

garden of love, the

i laid me down upon a bank,

where love lay sleeping;

i heard among the rushes dank

weeping, weeping.

then i went to the heath and the wild,

to the thistles and thorns of the waste;

and they told me how they were beguiled,

driven out, and compelled to the chaste.

i went to the garden of love,

and saw what i never had seen;

a chapel was built in the midst,

where i used to play on the green.

and the gates of this chapel were shut

and "thou shalt not," writ over the door; so i turned to the garden of love

that so many sweet flowers bore.

and i saw it was filled with graves,

and tombstones where flowers should be;

and priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, and binding with briars my joys and desires.

----

  

53

grey monk, the

"i die, i die!" the mother said,

"my children die for lack of bread.

what more has the merciless tyrant said?"

the monk sat down on the stony bed.

the blood red ran from the grey monks side,

his hands and feet were wounded wide,

his body bent, his arms and knees

like to the roots of ancient trees.

his eye was dry; no tear could flow:

a hollow groan first spoke his woe.

he trembled and shudderd upon the bed;

at length with a feeble cry he said:

"when god commanded this hand to write

in the studious hours of deep midnight,

he told me the writing i wrote should prove

the bane of all that on earth i lovd.

my brother starvd between two walls,

his childrens cry my soul appalls;

i mockd at the rack and griding chain,

my bent body mocks their torturing pain.

thy father drew his sword in the north,

with his thousands strong he marched forth;

thy brother has armd himself in steel

to avenge the wrongs thy children feel.

but vain the sword and vain the bow,

they never can work wars overthrow.

the hermits prayer and the widows tear

alone can free the world from fear.

for a tear is an intellectual thing,

and a sigh is the sword of an angel king,

and the bitter groan of the martyrs woe

is an arrow from the almightys bow.

the hand of vengeance found the bed

to which the purple tyrant fled;

the iron hand crushd the tyrants head

and became a tyrant in his stead."

----

  

54

gwin king of norway

come, kings, and listen to my song:

when gwin, the son of nore,

over the nations of the north

his cruel sceptre bore;

the nobles of the land did feed

upon the hungry poor;

they tear the poor mans lamb, and drive

the needy from their door.

the land is desolate; our wives

and children cry for bread;

arise, and pull the tyrant down!

let gwin be humbled!

gordred the giant rousd himself

from sleeping in his cave;

he shook the hills, and in the clouds

the troubld banners wave.

beneath them rolld, like tempests black,

the numrous sons of blood;

like lions whelps, roaring abroad,

seeking their nightly food.

down blerons hills they dreadful rush,

their cry ascends the clouds;

the trampling horse and clanging arms

like rushing mighty floods!

their wives and children, weeping loud,

follow in wild array,

howling like ghosts, furious as wolves

in the bleak wintry day.

pull down the tyrant to the dust,

let gwin be humbled,

they cry, ànd let ten thousand lives

pay for the tyrants head.

from towr to towr the watchmen cry,

o gwin, the son of nore,

arouse thyself! the nations, black

like clouds, come rolling oer!

gwin reard his shield, his palace shakes,

his chiefs come rushing round;

each, like an awful thunder cloud,

with voice of solemn sound:

like reared stones around a grave

they stand around the king;

then suddenly each seizd his spear,

  

55

and clashing steel does ring.

the husbandman does leave his plough

to wade thro fields of gore;

the merchant binds his brows in steel,

and leaves the trading shore;

the shepherd leaves his mellow pipe,

and sounds the trumpet shrill;

the workman throws his hammer down

to heave the bloody bill.

like the tall ghost of barraton

who sports in stormy sky,

gwin leads his host, as black as night

when pestilence does fly,

with horses and with chariots--

and all his spearmen b 1000 old

march to the sound of mournful song,

like clouds around him rolld.

gwin lifts his hand--the nations halt;

prepare for war! he cries--

gordred appears!--his frowning brow

troubles our northern skies.

the armies stand, like balances

held in th almightys hand;--

gwin, thou hast filld thy measure up:

thourt swept from out the land.

and now the raging armies rushd

like warring mighty seas;

the heavns are shook with roaring war,

the dust ascends the skies!

earth smokes with blood, and groans and shakes

to drink her childrens gore,

a sea of blood; nor can the eye

see to the trembling shore!

and on the verge of this wild sea

famine and death doth cry;

the cries of women and of babes

over the field doth fly.

the king is seen raging afar,

with all his men of might;

like blazing comets scattering death

thro the red fevrous night.

  

56

beneath his arm like sheep they die,

and groan upon the plain;

the battle faints, and bloody men

fight upon hills of slain.

now death is sick, and riven men

labour and toil for life;

steed rolls on steed, and shield on shield,

sunk in this sea of strife!

the god of war is drunk with blood;

the earth doth faint and fail;

the stench of blood makes sick the heavns;

ghosts glut the throat of hell!

o what have kings to answer for

before that awful throne;

when thousand deaths for vengeance cry,

and ghosts accusing groan!

like blazing comets in the sky

that shake the stars of light,

which drop like fruit unto the earth

thro the fierce burning night;

like these did gwin and gordred meet,

and the first blow decides;

down from the brow unto the breast

gordred his head divides!

gwin fell: the sons of norway fled,

all that remaind alive;

the rest did fill the vale of death,

for them the eagles strive.

the river dorman rolld their blood

into the northern sea;

who mournd his sons, and overwhelmd

the pleasant south country.

----

  

57

hear the voice

hear the voice of the bard,

who present, past, and future, sees;

whose ears have heard

the holy word

that walkd among the ancient trees;

calling the lapsed soul,

and weeping in the evening dew;

that might control

the starry pole,

and fallen, fallen light renew!

o earth, o earth, return!

arise from out the dewy grass!

night is worn,

and the morn

rises from the slumbrous mass.

turn away no more;

why wilt thou turn away?

the starry floor,

the watery shore,

is given thee till the break of day.

----

  

58

hear the voice of the bard

hear the voice of the bard !

who present, past, and future sees;

whose ears have heard

the holy word,

that walked among the ancient trees,

calling the lapsed soul,

and weeping in the evening dew;

that might control

the starry pole,

and fallen, fallen, light renew!

o earth, o earth, return!

arise from out the dewy grass;

night is worn,

and the morn

rises from the slumberous mass.

turn away no more;

why wilt thou turn away?

the starry floor,

the watery shore,

is given thee till the break of day.

----

  

59

holy thursday

twas on a holy thursday, their innocent faces clean, came children walking two and two, in read, and blue, and green: grey-headed beadles walked before, with wands as white as snow, till into the high dome of pauls they like thames waters flow.

oh what a multitude they seemed, these flowers of london town!

seated in companies they sit, with radiance all their own.

the hum of multitudes was there, but multitudes of lambs, thousands of little boys and girls raising their innocent hands.

now like a mighty wild they raise to heaven the voice of song, or like harmonious thunderings the seats of heaven among: beneath them sit the aged man, wise guardians of the poor.

then cherish pity, lest you drive an angel from your door.

----

  

60

holy thursday (experience)

is this a holy thing to see.

in a rich and fruitful land.

babes reduced to misery.

fed with cold and usurous hand?

is that trembling cry a song?

can it be a song of joy?

and so many children poor?

it is a land of poverty!

and their sun does never shine.

and their fields are bleak andamp; bare.

and their ways are filld with thorns

it is eternal winter there.

for where-eer the sun does shine.

and where-eer the rain does fall:

babe can never hunger there,

nor poverty the mind appall.

----

  

61

holy thursday (innocence)

twas on a holy thursday their innocent faces clean the children walking two andamp; two in red andamp; blue andamp; green grey headed beadles walked before with wands as white as snow till into the high dome of pauls they like thames waters flow o what a multitude they seemed these flowers of london town seated in companies they sit with radiance all their own the hum of multitudes was there but multitudes of lambs thousands of little boys andamp; girls raising their innocent hands now like a mighty wind they raise to heaven the voice of song or like harmonious thunderings the seats of heaven among beneath them sit the aged men wise guardians of the poor then cherish pity, lest you drive an angel from your door ----

  

62

how sweet i roamd

how sweet i roamd from field to field,

and tasted all the summers pride

til the prince of love beheld

who in the sunny beams did glide!

he shewd me lilies for my hair

and blushing roses for my brow;

he led me through his garden fair,

where all his golden pleasures grow.

with sweet may dews my wings were wet,

and phoebus fird my vocal rage

he caught me in his silken net,

and shut me in his golden cage.

he loves to sit and hear me sing,

then, laughing, sports and plays with me;

then stretches out my golden wing,

and mocks my loss of liberty.

----

  

63

i heard an angel

i heard an angel singing

when the day was springing,

mercy, pity, peace

is the worlds release.

thus he sung all day

over the new mown hay,

till the sun went down

and haycocks looked brown.

i heard a devil curse

over the heath and the furze,

mercy could be no more,

if there was nobody poor,

and pity no more could be,

if all were as happy as we.

at his curse the sun went down,

and the heavens gave a frown.

down pourd the heavy rain

over the new reapd grain ...

and miseries increase

is mercy, pity, peace.

----

  

64

i rose up at the dawn of day

i rose up at the dawn of day--

get thee away! get thee away!

prayst thou for riches? away! away!

this is the throne of mammon grey.

said i: this, sure, is very odd;

i took it to be the throne of god.

for everything besides i have:

it is only for riches that i can crave.

i have mental joy, and mental health,

and mental friends, and mental wealth;

ive a wife i love, and that loves me;

ive all but riches bodily.

i am in gods presence night and day,

and he never turns his face away;

the accuser of sins by my side doth stand,

and he holds my money-bag in his hand.

for my worldly things god makes him pay,

and hed pay for more if to him i would pray;

and so you may do the worst you can do;

be assurd, mr. devil, i wont pray to you.

then if for riches i must not pray,

god knows, i little of prayers need say;

so, as a church is known by its steeple,

if i pray it must be for other people.

he says, if i do not worship him for a god,

i shall eat coarser food, and go worse shod;

so, as i dont value such things as these,

you must do, mr. devil, just as god please.

----

  

65

i saw a chapel

i saw a chapel all of gold

that none did dare to enter in,

and many weeping stood without,

weeping, mourning, worshipping.

i saw a serpent rise between

the white pillars of the door,

and he forcd and forcd and forcd,

down the golden hinges tore.

and along the pavement sweet,

set with pearls and rubies bright,

all his slimy length he drew

till upon the altar white

vomiting his poison out

on the bread and on the wine.

so i turnd into a sty

and laid me down among the swine.

----

  

66

i see the four-fold man

i see the four-fold man, the humanity in deadly sleep and its fallen emanation, the spectre and its cruel shadow.

i see the past, present and future existing all at once before me. o divine spirit, sustain me on thy wings, that i may awake albion from his long and cold repose; for bacon and newton, sheathd in dismal steel, their terrors hang like iron scourges over albion: reasonings like vast serpents infold around my limbs, bruising my minute articulations.

i turn my eyes to the schools and universities of europe and there behold the loom of locke, whose woof rages dire, washd by the water-wheels of newton: black the cloth in heavy wreaths folds over every nation: cruel works of many wheels i view, wheel without wheel, with cogs tyrannic moving by compulsion each other, not as those in eden, which, wheel within wheel, in freedom revolve in harmony and peace.

----

  

67

if it is true what the prophets write

if it is true, what the prophets write,

that the heathen gods are all stocks and stones,

shall we, for the sake of being polite,

feed them with the juice of our marrow-bones?

and if bezaleel and aholiab drew

what the finger of god pointed to their view,

shall we suffer the roman and grecian rods

to compel us to worship them as gods?

they stole them from the temple of the lord

and worshippd them that they might make inspired art abhorrd; the wood and stone were calld the holy things,

and their sublime intent given to their kings.

all the atonements of jehovah spurnd,

and criminals to sacrifices turnd.

----

  

68

infant joy

i have no name;

i am but two days old.

what shall i call thee?

i happy am,

joy is my name.

sweet joy befall thee!

pretty joy!

sweet joy, but two days old.

sweet joy i call thee:

thou dost smile,

i sing the while;

sweet joy befall thee!

----

  

69

infant sorrow

my mother groaned, my father wept,

into the dangerous world i leapt;

helpless, naked, piping loud,

like a fiend hid in a cloud.

struggling in my fathers hands,

striving against my swaddling bands,

bound and weary, i thought best

to sulk upon my mothers breast.

----

  

70

intorduction to the songs of experience

hear the voice of the bard,

who present, past, and future, sees;

whose ears have heard

the holy word

that walked among the ancient tree;

calling the lapsed soul,

and weeping in the evening dew;

that might control

the starry pole,

and fallen, fallen light renew!

o earth, o earth, return!

arise from out the dewy grass!

night is worn,

and the morn

rises from the slumbrous mass.

turn away no more;

why wilt thou turn away?

the starry floor,

the watery shore,

are given thee till the break of day.

----

  

71

introduction to songs of experience

hear the voice of the bard,

who present, past, and future, sees;

whose ears have heard

the holy word

that walkd among the ancient trees;

calling the lapsed soul,

and weeping in the evening dew;

that might control

the starry pole,

and fallen, fallen light renew!

o earth, o earth, return!

arise from out the dewy grass!

night is worn,

and the morn

rises from the slumbrous mass.

turn away no more;

why wilt thou turn away?

the starry floor,

the watery shore,

is given thee till the break of day.

----

  

72

introduction to the songs of innocence

piping down the valleys wild,

piping songs of pleasant glee,

on a cloud i saw a child,

and he laughing said to me:

pipe a song about a lamb!

so i piped with merry cheer.

piper, pipe that song again;

so i piped: he wept to hear.

drop thy pipe, thy happy pipe;

sing thy songs of happy cheer:!

so i sang the same again,

while he wept with joy to hear.

piper, sit thee down and write

in a book, that all may read.

so he vanishd from my sight;

and i pluckd a hollow reed,

and i made a rural pen,

and i staind the water clear,

and i wrote my happy songs

every child may joy to hear.

----

  

73

jerusalem

and did those feet in ancient time

walk upon englands mountains green?

and was the holy lamb of god

on englands pleasant pastures seen?

and did the countenance divine

shine forth upon our clouded hills?

and was jerusalem builded here

among these dark satanic mills?

bring me my bow of burning gold:

bring me my arrows of desire:

bring me my spear: o clouds unfold!

bring me my chariot of fire.

i will not cease from mental fight,

nor shall my sword sleep in my hand

till we have built jerusalem

in englands green and pleasant land.

----

  

74

jerusalem: england! awake! awake! awake!

england! awake! awake! awake!

jerusalem thy sister calls!

why wilt thou sleep the sleep of death

and close her from thy ancient walls?

thy hills and valleys felt her feet

gently upon their bosoms move:

thy gates beheld sweet zions ways:

then was a time of joy and love.

and now the time returns again:

our souls exult, and londons towers

receive the lamb of god to dwell

in englands green and pleasant bowers.

----

  

75

jerusalem: i see the four-fold man, the humanity in deadly sleep i see the four-fold man, the humanity in deadly sleep and its fallen emanation, the spectre and its cruel shadow.

i see the past, present and future existing all at once before me. o divine spirit, sustain me on thy wings, that i may awake albion from his long and cold repose; for bacon and newton, sheathd in dismal steel, their terrors hang like iron scourges over albion: reasonings like vast serpents infold around my limbs, bruising my minute articulations.

i turn my eyes to the schools and universities of europe and there behold the loom of locke, whose woof rages dire, washd by the water-wheels of newton: black the cloth in heavy wreaths folds over every nation: cruel works of many wheels i view, wheel without wheel, with cogs tyrannic moving by compulsion each other, not as those in eden, which, wheel within wheel, in freedom revolve in harmony and peace.

----

  

76

lamb, the

little lamb, who made thee?

dost thou know who made thee?

gave thee life, and bid thee feed,

by the stream and oer the mead;

gave thee clothing of delight,

softest clothing, woolly, bright;

gave thee such a tender voice,

making all the vales rejoice?

little lamb, who made thee?

dost thou know who made thee?

little lamb, ill tell thee,

little lamb, ill tell thee.

he is called by thy name,

for he calls himself a lamb.

he is meek, and he is mild;

he became a little child.

i a child, and thou a lamb,

we are called by his name.

little lamb, god bless thee!

little lamb, god bless thee!

</center>

----

  

77

land of dreams, the

awake, awake, my little boy!

thou wast thy mothers only joy;

why dost thou weep in thy gentle sleep?

awake! thy father does thee keep.

"o, what land is the land of dreams?

what are its mountains, and what are its streams?

o father! i saw my mother there,

among the lilies by waters fair.

"among the lambs, cloth?d in white,

she walkd with her thomas in sweet delight.

i wept for joy, like a dove i mourn;

o! when shall i again return?"

dear child, i also by pleasant streams

have wanderd all night in the land of dreams;

but tho calm and warm the waters wide,

i could not get to the other side.

"father, o father! what do we here

in this land of unbelief and fear?

the land of dreams is better far

above the light of the morning star."

----

  

78

laughing song

when the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, and the dimpling stream runs laughing by;

when the air does laugh with our merry wit,

and the green hill laughs with the noise of it;

when the meadows laugh with lively green,

and the grasshopper laughs in the merry scene,

when mary and susan and emily

with their sweet round mouths sing ha, ha he!

when the painted birds laugh in the shade,

where our table with cherries and nuts is spread: come live, and be merry, and join with me,

to sing the sweet chorus of ha, ha, he!

----

  

79

lily, the

the modest rose puts forth a thorn,

the humble sheep a threatning horn:

while the lily white shall in love delight,

nor a thorn nor a threat stain her beauty bright.

----

  

80

little black boy, the

my mother bore me in the southern wild,

and i am black, but oh my soul is white!

white as an angel is the english child,

but i am black, as if bereaved of light.

my mother taught me underneath a tree,

and, sitting down before the heat of day,

she took me on her lap and kissed me,

and, pointed to the east, began to say:

"look on the rising sun: there god does live, and gives his light, and gives his heat away,

and flowers and trees and beasts and men receive comfort in morning, joy in the noonday.

"and we are put on earth a little space,

that we may learn to bear the beams of love

and these black bodies and this sunburnt face

is but a cloud, and like a shady grove.

"for when our souls have learnd the heat to bear, the cloud will vanish, we shall hear his voice, saying, come out from the grove, my love and care and round my golden tent like lambs rejoice,"

thus did my mother say, and kissed me;

and thus i say to little english boy.

when i from black and he from white cloud free,

and round the tent of god like lambs we joy

ill shade him from the heat till he can bear

to lean in joy upon our fathers knee;

and then ill stand and stroke his silver hair,

and be like him, and he will then love me.

----

  

81

little boy found, the

the little boy lost in the lonely fen,

led by the wandering light,

began to cry, but god, ever nigh,

appeared like his father, in white.

he kissed the child, and by the hand led,

and to his mother brought,

who in sorrow pale, through the lonely dale,

the little boy weeping sought.

----

  

82

little boy lost, the

"father, father, where are you going?

oh do not walk so fast!

speak, father, speak to you little boy,

or else i shall be lost."

the night was dark, no father was there,

the child was wet with dew;

the mire was deep, and the child did weep,

and away the vapour flew.

----

  

83

little vagabond, the

dear mother, dear mother, the church is cold,

but the ale-house is healthy and pleasant and warm; besides i can tell where i am used well,

such usage in heaven will never do well.

but if at the church they would give us some ale, and a pleasant fire our souls to regale,

wed sing and wed pray all the live-long day, nor ever once wish from the church to stray.

then the parson might preach, and drink, and sing, and wed be as happy as birds in the spring;

and modest dame lurch, who is always at church, would not have bandy children, nor fasting, nor birch.

and god, like a father rejoicing to see

his children as pleasant and happy as he,

would have no more quarrel with the devil or the barrel, but kiss him, and give him both drink and apparel.

----

  

84

london

i wandered through each chartered street,

near where the chartered thames does flow,

a mark in every face i meet,

marks of weakness, marks of woe.

in every cry of every man,

in every infants cry of fear,

in every voice, in every ban,

the mind-forged manacles i hear:

how the chimney-sweepers cry

every blackening church appals,

and the hapless soldiers sigh

runs in blood down palace-walls.

but most, through midnight streets i hear

how the youthful harlots curse

blasts the new-born infants tear,

and blights with plagues the marriage-hearse.

----

  

85

love and harmony

love and harmony combine,

and round our souls entwine

while thy branches mix with mine,

and our roots together join.

joys upon our branches sit,

chirping loud and singing sweet;

like gentle streams beneath our feet

innocence and virtue meet.

thou the golden fruit dost bear,

i am clad in flowers fair;

thy sweet boughs perfume the air,

and the turtle buildeth there.

there she sits and feeds her young,

sweet i hear her mournful song;

and thy lovely leaves among,

there is love, i hear his tongue.

there his charming nest doth lay,

there he sleeps the night away;

there he sports along the day,

and doth among our branches play.

----

  

86

loves secret

never seek to tell thy love,

love that never told can be;

for the gentle wind does move

silently, invisibly.

i told my love, i told my love,

i told her all my heart;

trembling, cold, in ghastly fears,

ah! she did depart!

soon as she was gone from me,

a traveler came by,

silently, invisibly

he took her with a sigh.

----

  

87

mad song

the wild winds weep

and the night is a-cold;

come hither, sleep,

and my griefs infold:

but lo! the morning peeps

over the eastern steeps,

and the rustling birds of dawn

the earth do scorn.

lo! to the vault

of paved heaven,

with sorrow fraught

my notes are driven:

they strike the ear of night,

make weep the eyes of day;

they make mad the roaring winds,

and with tempests play.

like a fiend in a cloud,

with howling woe,

after night i do crowd,

and with night will go;

i turn my back to the east,

from whence comforts have increasd;

for light doth seize my brain

with frantic pain.

----

  

88

marriage of heaven and hell, the

the argument.

rintrah roars and shakes his fires in the burdend air; hungry clouds swag on the deep

once meek, and in a perilous path,

the just man kept his course along

the vale of death.

roses are planted where thorns grow.

and on the barren heath

sing the honey bees.

then the perilous path was planted:

and a river, and a spring

on every cliff and tomb;

and on the bleached bones

red clay brought forth.

till the villain left the paths of ease,

to walk in perilous paths, and drive

the just man into barren climes.

now the sneaking serpent walks

in mild humility.

and the just man rages in the wilds

where lions roam.

rintrah roars and shakes his fires in the burdend air; hungry clouds swag on the deep.

____________________________________________

plate 3

as a new heaven is begun, and it is now thirty-three years since its advent: the eternal hell revives. and lo! swedenborg is the angel sitting at the tomb; his writings are the linen clothes folded up. now is the dominion of edom, and the return of adam into paradise; see isaiah xxxiv and xxxv chap:

without contraries is no progression. attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence.

from these contraries spring what the religious call good and evil. good is the passive that obeys reason[.] evil is the active springing from energy.

good is heaven. evil is hell.

plate 4

the voice of the devil

all bibles or sacred codes. have been the causes of the

  

89

following errors.

that man has two real existing principles viz: a body and a soul.

that energy. calld evil. is alone from the body. and that reason. calld good. is alone from the soul.

that god will torment man in eternity for following his energies.

but the following contraries to these are true

man has no body distinct from his soul for that calld body is a portion of soul discernd by the five senses. the chief inlets of soul in this age

energy is the only life and is from the body and reason is the bound or outward circumference of energy.

energy is eternal delight

_______________________________________

plate 5

those who restrain desire, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained; and the restrainer or reason usurps its place and governs the unwilling.

and being restraind it by degrees becomes passive till it is only the shadow of desire.

the history of this is written in paradise lost. and the governor or reason is calld messiah.

and the original archangel or possessor of the command of the heavenly host, is calld the devil or satan and his children are calld sin and death

but in the book of job miltons messiah is calld satan.

for this history has been adopted by both parties it indeed appeard to reason as if desire was cast out. but the devils account is, that the messi[pl 6]ah fell. and formed a heaven of what he stole from the abyss

this is shewn in the gospel, where he prays to the father to send the comforter or desire that reason may have ideas to build on, the jehovah of the bible being no other than he, who dwells in flaming fire.

know that after christs death, he became jehovah.

but in milton; the father is destiny, the son, a ratio of the five senses. and the holy-ghost, vacuum!

note. the reason milton wrote in fetters when he wrote of angels and god, and at liberty when of devils and hell, is because he was a true poet and of the devils party without knowing it a memorable fancy.

as i was walking among the fires of hell, delighted with the enjoyments of genius; which to angels look like torment and

  

90

insanity. i collected some of their proverbs: thinking that as the sayings used in a nation, mark its character, so the proverbs of hell, shew the nature of infernal wisdom better than any description of buildings or garments.

when i came home; on the abyss of the five senses, where a flat sided steep frowns over the present world. i saw a mighty devil folded in black clouds, hovering on the sides of the rock, with cor[pl 7]roding fires he wrote the following sentence now percieved by the minds of men, and read by them on earth.

how do you know but evry bird that cuts the airy way, is an immense world of delight, closd by your senses five?

proverbs of hell.

in seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.

drive your cart and your plow over the bones of the dead.

the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.

prudence is a rich ugly old maid courted by incapacity.

he who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.

the cut worm forgives the plow.

dip him in the river who loves water.

a fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.

he whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.

eternity is in love with the productions of time.

the busy bee has no time for sorrow.

the hours of folly are measurd by the clock, but of wisdom: no clock can measure.

all wholsom food is caught without a net or a trap.

bring out number weight and measure in a year of dearth.

no bird soars too high. if he soars with his own wings.

a dead body. revenges not injuries.

the most sublime act is to set another before you.

if the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise folly is the cloke of knavery.

shame is prides cloke.

plate 8

prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of

  

91

religion.

the pride of the peacock is the glory of god.

the lust of the goat is the bounty of god.

the wrath of the lion is the wisdom of god.

the nakedness of woman is the work of god.

excess of sorrow laughs. excess of joy weeps.

the roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea, and the destructive sword. are portions of eternity too great for the eye of man.

the fox condemns the trap, not himself.

joys impregnate. sorrows bring forth.

let man wear the fell of the lion. woman the fleece of the sheep.

the bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.

the selfish smiling fool. and the sullen frowning fool. shall be both thought wise. that they may be a rod.

what is now proved was once, only imagind.

the rat, the mouse, the fox, the rabbet; watch the roots, the lion, the tyger, the horse, the elephant, watch the fruits.

the cistern contains: the fountain overflows

one thought. fills immensity.

always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.

every thing possible to be believd is an image of truth.

the eagle never lost so much time, as when he submitted to learn of the crow.

plate 9

the fox provides for himself. but god provides for the lion.

think in the morning, act in the noon, eat in the evening, sleep in the night.

he who has sufferd you to impose on him knows you.

as the plow follows words, so god rewards prayers.

the tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction expect poison from the standing water.

you never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.

  

92

listen to the fools reproach! it is a kingly title!

the eyes of fire, the nostrils of air, the mouth of water, the beard of earth.

the weak in courage is strong in cunning.

the apple tree never asks the beech how he shall grow, nor the lion. the horse; how he shall take his prey.

the thankful reciever bears a plentiful harvest.

if others bad not been foolish. we should be so.

the soul of sweet delight. can never be defild,

when thou seest an eagle, thou seest a portion of genius. lift up thy head!

as the catterpiller chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.

to create a little flower is the labour of ages.

damn. braces: bless relaxes.

the best wine is the oldest. the best water the newest.

prayers plow not! praises reap not!

joys laugh not! sorrows weep not!

plate 10

the head sublime, the heart pathos, the genitals beauty, the hands and feet proportion.

as the air to a bird or the sea to a fish, so is contempt to the contemptible.

the crow wishd every thing was black, the owl, that every thing was white.

exuberance is beauty.

if the lion was advised by the fox. he would be cunning.

improvement makes strait roads, but the crooked roads without improvement, are roads of genius.

sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires where man is not nature is barren.

truth can never be told so as to be understood, and not be believd.

  

93

enough! or too much plate 11

the ancient poets animated all sensible objects with gods or geniuses calling them by the names and adorning them with the properties of woods, rivers, mountains, lakes, cities, nations, and whatever their enlarged and numerous senses could percieve.

and particularly they studied the genius of each city and country. placing it under its mental deity.

till a system was formed, which some took advantage of and enslavd the vulgar by attempting to realize or abstract the mental deities from their objects: thus began priesthood.

choosing forms of worship from poetic tales.

and at length they pronounced that the gods had orderd such things.

thus men forgot that all deities reside in the human breast.

plate 12

a memorable fancy.

the prophets isaiah and ezekiel dined with me, and i asked them how they dared so roundly to assert. that god spake to them; and whether they did not think at the time, that they would be misunderstood, and so be the cause of imposition.

isaiah answerd. i saw no god. nor heard any, in a finite organical perception; but my senses discoverd the infinite in every thing, and as i was then perswaded. and remain confirmd; that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of god, i cared not for consequences but wrote.

then i asked: does a firm perswasion that a thing is so, make it so?

he replied. all poets believe that it does, and in ages of imagination this firm perswasion removed mountains; but many are not capable of a firm perswasion of any thing.

then ezekiel said. the philosophy of the east taught the first principles of human perception some nations held one principle for the origin and some another, we of israel taught that the poetic genius (as you now call it) was the first principle and all the others merely derivative, which was the cause of our despising the priests and philosophers of other countries, and prophecying that all gods [pl 13] would at last be proved. to originate in ours and to be the tributaries of the poetic genius, it was this. that our great poet king david desired so fervently and invokes so patheticly, saying by this he conquers enemies and governs kingdoms; and we so loved our god.

that we cursed in his name all the deities of surrounding nations, and asserted that they had rebelled; from these opinions the vulgar came to think that all nations would at last be

  

94

subject to the jews.

this said he, like all firm perswasions, is come to pass, for all nations believe the jews code and worship the jews god, and what greater subjection can be.

i heard this with some wonder, and must confess my own conviction. after dinner i askd isaiah to favour the world with his lost works, he said none of equal value was lost. ezekiel said the same of his.

i also asked isaiah what made him go naked and barefoot three years? he answerd, the same that made our friend diogenes the grecian.

i then asked ezekiel. why he eat dung, and lay so long on his right and left side? he answerd. the desire of raising other men into a perception of the infinite this the north american tribes practise. and is he honest who resists his genius or conscience.

only for the sake of present ease or gratification?

_______________________________________________

plate 14

the ancient tradition that the world will be consumed in fire at the end of six thousand years is true. as i have heard from hell.

for the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at the tree of life, and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed, and appear infinite. and holy whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.

this will come to pass by an improvement of sensual enjoyment.

but first the notion that man has a body distinct from his soul, is to be expunged; this i shall do, by printing in the infernal method, by corrosives, which in hell are salutary and medicinal, melting apparent surfaces away, and displaying the infinite which was hid.

if the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is: infinite.

for man has closed himself up, till he sees all things thro

narrow chinks of his cavern.

plate 15

a memorable fancy

i was in a printing house in hell and saw the method in which knowledge is transmitted from generation to generation.

in the first chamber was a dragon-man, clearing away the rubbish from a caves mouth; within, a number of dragons were hollowing the cave,

in the second chamber was a viper folding round the rock and the cave, and others adorning it with gold silver and precious stones.

in the third chamber was an eagle with wings and feathers of air, he caused the inside of the cave to be infinite, around were

  

95

numbers of eagle like men, who built palaces in the immense cliffs.

in the fourth chamber were lions of flaming fire raging around

and melting the metals into living fluids.

in the fifth chamber were unnamd forms, which cast the metals into the expanse.

there they were recievd by men who occupied the sixth chamber, and took the forms of books and were arranged in libraries.

____________________________________________________

plate 16

the giants who formed this world into its sensual existence and now seem to live in it in chains; are in truth. the causes of its life and the sources of all activity, but the chains are, the cunning of weak and tame minds. which have power to resist energy. according to the proverb, the weak in courage is strong in cunning.

thus one portion of being, is the prolific. the other, the devouring: to the devourer it seems as if the producer was in his chains, but it is not so, he only takes portions of existence and fancies that the whole.

but the prolific would cease to be prolific unless the devourer as a sea recieved the excess of his delights.

some will say, is not god alone the prolific? i answer, god only acts and is, in existing beings or men.

these two classes of men are always upon earth, and they should be enemies; whoever tries [pl 17] to reconcile them seeks to destroy existence.

religion is an endeavour to reconcile the two.

note. jesus christ did not wish to unite but to seperate them, as in the parable of sheep and goats! and he says i came not to send peace but a sword.

messiah or satan or tempter was formerly thought to be one of the antediluvians who are our energies.

a memorable fancy

an angel came to me and said. o pitiable foolish young man!

o horrible! o dreadful state! consider the hot burning dungeon thou art preparing for thyself to all eternity, to which thou art going in such career.

i said. perhaps you will be willing to shew me my eternal lot and we will contemplate together upon it and see whether your lot or mine is most desirable

so he took me thro a stable and thro a church and down into the church vault at the end of which was a mill: thro the mill we went, and came to a cave. down the winding cavern we groped our tedious way till a void boundless as a nether sky appeard

  

96

beneath us and we held by the roots of trees and hung over this immensity; but i said, if you please we will commit ourselves to this void, and see whether providence is here also, if you will not i will? but he answerd. do not presume o young-man but as we here remain behold thy lot which will soon appear when the darkness passes away

so i remaind with him sitting in the twisted [pl 18] root of an oak. he was suspended in a fungus which hung with the head downward into the deep:

by degrees we beheld the infinite abyss, fiery as the smoke of a burning city; beneath us at an immense distance was the sun, black but shining[;] round it were fiery tracks on which revolvd vast spiders, crawling after their prey; which flew or rather swum in the infinite deep, in the most terrific shapes of animals sprung from corruption. and the air was full of them, and seemd composed of them; these are devils. and are called powers of the air, i now asked my companion which was my eternal lot? he said, between the black and white spiders

but now, from between the black and white spiders a cloud and fire burst and rolled thro the deep blackning all beneath, so that the nether deep grew black as a sea and rolled with a terrible noise: beneath us was nothing now to be seen but a black tempest, till looking east between the clouds and the waves, we saw a cataract of blood mixed with fire and not many stones throw from us appeard and sunk again the scaly fold of a monstrous serpent.

at last to the east, distant about three degrees appeard a fiery crest above the waves slowly it reared like a ridge of golden rocks till we discoverd two globes of crimson fire. from which the sea fled away in clouds of smoke, and now we saw, it was the head of leviathan. his forehead was divided into streaks of green

and purple like those on a tygers forehead: soon we saw his mouth and red gills hang just above the raging foam tinging the black deep with beams of blood, advancing toward [pl 19] us with all the fury of a spiritual existence.

my friend the angel climbd up from his station into the mill; i remaind alone, and then this appearance was no more, but i found myself sitting on a pleasant bank beside a river by moon light hearing a harper who sung to the harp. and his theme was, the man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind.

but i arose, and sought for the mill, and there i found my angel, who surprised asked me, how i escaped?

i answerd. all that we saw was owing to your metaphysics: for when you ran away, i found myself on a bank by moonlight hearing a harper, but now we have seen my eternal lot, shall i shew you yours? he laughd at my proposal: but i by force suddenly caught him in my arms, and flew westerly thro the night, till we were elevated above the earths shadow: then i flung myself with him directly into the body of the sun, here i clothed myself in white, and taking in my hand swedenborgs volumes sunk from the glorious clime, and passed all the planets till we came to saturn, here i staid to rest and then leapd into the void, between

  

97

saturn and the fixed stars.

here said i! is your lot, in this space, if space it may be calld, soon we saw the stable and the church, and i took him to the altar and opend the bible, and lo! it was a deep pit, into which i descended driving the angel before me, soon we saw seven houses of brick, one we enterd; in it were a [pl 20] number of monkeys, baboons, and all of that species chaind by the middle, grinning and snatching at one another, but witheld by the shortness of their chains: however i saw that they sometimes grew numerous, and then the weak were caught by the strong and with a grinning aspect, first coupled with and then devourd, by plucking off first one limb and then another till the body was left a helpless trunk. this after grinning and kissing it with seeming fondness they devourd too; and here and there i saw one savourily picking the flesh off of his own tail; as the stench terribly annoyd us both we went into the mill, and i in my hand brought the skeleton of a body, which in the mill was aristotles analytics.

so the angel said: thy phantasy has imposed upon me and thou oughtest to be ashamed.

i answerd: we impose on one another, and it is but lost time to converse with you whose works are only analytics.

opposition is true friendship.

plate 21

i have always found that angels have the vanity to speak of themselves as the only wise; this they do with a confident insolence sprouting from systematic reasoning:

thus swedenborg boasts that what he writes is new; tho it is only the contents or index of already publishd books a man carried a monkey about for a shew, and because he was a little wiser than the monkey, grew vain, and concievd himself as much wiser than seven men. it is so with swedenborg; he shews the folly of churches and exposes hypocrites, till he imagines that all are religious. and himself the single [pl 22] one on earth that ever broke a net.

now hear a plain fact: swedenborg has not written one new truth: now hear another: he has written all the old falshoods.

and now hear the reason. he conversed with angels who are all religious, and conversed not with devils who all hate religion, for he was incapable thro his conceited notions.

thus swedenborgs writings are a recapitulation of all superficial opinions, and an analysis of the more sublime, but no further.

have now another plain fact: any man of mechanical talents may from the writings of paracelsus or jacob behmen, produce ten thousand volumes of equal value with swedenborgs.

and from those of dante or shakespear, an infinite number.

but when he has done this, let him not say that he knows better than his master, for he only holds a candle in sunshine.

  

98

a memorable fancy

once i saw a devil in a flame of fire. who arose before an angel that sat on a cloud. and the devil utterd these words.

the worship of god is. honouring his gifts in other men each according to his genius. and loving the [pl 23] greatest men best, those who envy or calumniate great men hate god, for there is no other god.

the angel hearing this became almost blue but mastering himself he grew yellow, and at last white pink and smiling, and then replied,

thou idolater, is not god one? and is not he visible in jesus christ? and has not jesus christ given his sanction to the law of ten commandments and are not all other men fools, sinners, and nothings?

the devil answerd; bray a fool in a morter with wheat. yet shall not his folly be beaten out of him: if jesus christ is the greatest man, you ought to love him in the greatest degree; now hear how he has given his sanction to the law of ten commandments: did he not mock at the sabbath, and so mock the sabbaths god? murder those who were murderd because of him? turn away the law from the woman taken in adultery? steal the labor of others to support him? bear false witness when he omitted making a defence before pilate? covet when he prayd for his disciples, and when he bid them shake off the dust of their feet against such as refused to lodge them? i tell you, no virtue can exis without breaking these ten commandments: jesus was all virtue and acted from im[pl 24]pulse: not from rules.

when he had so spoken: i beheld the angel who stretched out his arms embracing the flame of fire and he was consumed and arose as elijah.

note. this angel, who is now become a devil, is my particular friend: we often read the bible together in its infernal or diabolical sense which the world shall have if they behave well

i have also: the bible of hell: which the world shall have whether they will or no.

one law for the lion and ox is oppression

plate 25

a song of liberty

the eternal female groand! it was heard over all the earth: albions coast is sick silent; the american meadows faint!

shadows of prophecy shiver along by the lakes and the rivers and mutter across the ocean! france rend down thy dungeon; golden spain burst the barriers of old rome;

cast thy keys o rome into the deep down falling, even to

  

99

eternity down falling,

and weep!

in her trembling hands she took the new, born terror howling; on those infinite mountains of light now barrd out by the atlantic sea, the new born fire stood before the starry king!

flagd with grey browd snows and thunderous visages the jealous wings wavd over the deep.

the speary hand burned aloft, unbuckled was the shield, forth went the hand of jealousy among the flaming hair, and

[pl 26]hurld the new born wonder thro the starry night.

the fire, the fire, is falling!

look up! look up! o citizen of london. enlarge thy countenance; o jew, leave counting gold! return to thy oil and wine; o african! black african! (go. winged thought widen his forehead.)

the fiery limbs, the flaming hair, shot like the sinking sun into the western sea.

wakd from his eternal sleep, the hoary, element roaring fled away:

down rushd beating his wings in vain the jealous king: his grey browd councellors, thunderous warriors, curld veterans, among helms, and shields, and chariots horses, elephants: banners, castles, slings and rocks,

falling, rushing, ruining! buried in the ruins, on urthonas dens.

all night beneath the ruins, then their sullen flames faded emerge round the gloomy king,

with thunder and fire: leading his starry hosts thro the waste wilderness [pl 27]he promulgates his ten commands, glancing his beamy eyelids over the deep in dark dismay, where the son of fire in his eastern cloud, while the morning plumes her golden breast,

spurning the clouds written with curses, stamps the stony law to dust, loosing the eternal horses from the dens of night, crying

empire is no more! and now the lion and wolf shall cease.

chorus

let the priests of the raven of dawn, no longer in deadly black, with hoarse note curse the sons of joy. nor his accepted brethren whom, tyrant, he calls free; lay the bound or build the roof. nor pale religious letchery call that virginity, that wishes but acts not!

for every thing that lives is holy

----

  

100

milton: and did those feet in ancient time

and did those feet in ancient time

walk upon englands mountains green?

and was the holy lamb of god

on englands pleasant pastures seen?

and did the countenance divine

shine forth upon our clouded hills?

and was jerusalem builded here

among these dark satanic mills?

bring me my bow of burning gold:

bring me my arrows of desire:

bring me my spear: o clouds unfold!

bring me my chariot of fire.

i will not cease from mental fight,

nor shall my sword sleep in my hand

till we have built jerusalem

in englands green and pleasant land.

----

  

101

milton: but in the wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance but in the wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance: they howl and writhe in shoals of torment, in fierce flames consuming, in chains of iron and in dungeons circled with ceaseless fires, in pits and dens and shades of death, in shapes of torment and woe: the plates and screws and racks and saws and cords and fires and cisterns the cruel joys of luvahs daughters, lacerating with knives and whips their victims, and the deadly sport of luvahs sons.

they dance around the dying and they drink the howl and groan, they catch the shrieks in cups of gold, they hand them to one another: these are the sports of love, and these the sweet delights of amorous play, tears of the grape, the death sweat of the cluster, the last sigh of the mild youth who listens to the luring songs of luvah.

----

  

102

milton: the sky is an immortal tent built by the sons of los the sky is an immortal tent built by the sons of los: and every space that a man views around his dwelling-place standing on his own roof or in his garden on a mount of twenty-five cubits in height, such space is his universe: and on its verge the sun rises and sets, the clouds bow to meet the flat earth and the sea in such an orderd space: the starry heavens reach no further, but here bend and set on all sides, and the two poles turn on their valves of gold: and if he moves his dwelling-place, his heavens also move whereer he goes, and all his neighbourhood bewail his loss.

such are the spaces called earth and such its dimension.

as to that false appearance which appears to the reasoner as of a globe rolling through voidness, it is a delusion of ulro.

the microscope knows not of this nor the telescope: they alter the ratio of the spectators organs, but leave objects untouchd.

for every space larger than a red globule of mans blood is visionary, and is created by the hammer of los; and every space smaller than a globule of mans blood opens into eternity of which this vegetable earth is but a shadow.

the red globule is the unwearied sun by los created to measure time and space to mortal men every morning ----

  

103

mock on, mock on, voltaire, rousseau

mock on, mock on, voltaire, rousseau;

mock on, mock on; tis all in vain!

you throw the sand against the wind,

and the wind blows it back again.

and every sand becomes a gem

reflected in the beams divine;

blown back they blind the mocking eye,

but still in israels paths they shine.

the atoms of democritus

and newtons particles of light

are sands upon the red sea shore,

where israels tents do shine so bright.

----

  

104

my pretty rose tree

a flower was offered to me,

such a flower as may never bore;

but i said ive a pretty rose tree,

and i passed the sweet flower oer.

then i went to my pretty rose tree,

to tend her by day and by night;

but my rose turned away with jealousy,

and her thorns were my only delight.

----

  

105

my pretty rose-tree

a flower was offerd to me,

such a flower as may never bore;

but i said "ive a pretty rose-tree,

and i passed the sweet flower oer.

then i went to my pretty rose-tree,

to tend her by day and by night;

but my rose turnd away with jealousy,

and her thorns were my only delight.

----

  

106

my spectre around me

my spectre around me night and day

like a wild beast guards my way.

my emanation far within

weeps incessantly for my sin.

a fathomless and boundless deep,

there we wander, there we weep;

on the hungry craving wind

my spectre follows thee behind.

he scents thy footsteps in the snow,

wheresoever thou dost go

through the wintry hail and rain.

when wilt thou return again?

dost thou not in pride and scorn

fill with tempests all my morn,

and with jealousies and fears

fill my pleasant nights with tears?

seven of my sweet loves thy knife

has bereaved of their life.

their marble tombs i built with tears

and with cold and shuddering fears.

seven more loves weep night and day

round the tombs where my loves lay,

and seven more loves attend each night

around my couch with torches bright.

and seven more loves in my bed

crown with wine my mournful head,

pitying and forgiving all

thy transgressions, great and small.

----

  

107

my spectre around me night and day

i

my spectre around me night and day

like a wild beast guards my way;

my emanation far within

weeps incessantly for my sin.

ii

à fathomless and boundless deep,

there we wander, there we weep;

on the hungry craving wind

my spectre follows thee behind.

iii

he scents thy footsteps in the snow,

wheresoever thou dost go,

thro the wintry hail and rain.

when wilt thou return again?

iv

dost thou not in pride and scorn

fill with tempests all my morn,

and with jealousies and fears

fill my pleasant nights with tears?

v

seven of my sweet loves thy knife

has bereaved of their life.

their marble tombs i built with tears,

and with cold and shuddering fears.

vi

seven more loves weep night and day

round the tombs where my loves lay,

and seven more loves attend each night

around my couch with torches bright.

vii

ànd seven more loves in my bed

crown with wine my mournful head,

pitying and forgiving all

thy transgressions great and small.

viii

when wilt thou return and view

  

108

my loves, and them to life renew?

when wilt thou return and live?

when wilt thou pity as i forgive?

a

oer my sins thou sit and moan:

hast thou no sins of thy own?

oer my sins thou sit and weep,

and lull thy own sins fast asleep.

b

what transgressions i commit

are for thy transgressions fit.

they thy harlots, thou their slave;

and my bed becomes their grave.

ix

never, never, i return:

still for victory i burn.

living, thee alone ill have;

and when dead ill be thy grave.

x

thro the heaven and earth and hell

thou shalt never, never quell:

i will fly and thou pursue:

night and morn the flight renew.

c

poor, pale, pitiable form

that i follow in a storm;

iron tears and groans of lead

bind around my aching head.

xi

till i turn from female love

and root up the infernal grove,

i shall never worthy be

to step into eternity.

xii

ànd, to end thy cruel mocks,

annihilate thee on the rocks,

and another form create

to be subservient to my fate.

  

109

xiii

let us agree to give up love,

and root up the infernal grove;

then shall we return and see

the worlds of happy eternity.

xiv

ànd throughout all eternity

i forgive you, you forgive me.

as 1000 our dear redeemer said:

"this the wine, and this the bread."

----

  

110

never seek to tell thy love

never seek to tell thy love

love that never told can be;

for the gentle wind does move

silently, invisibly.

i told my love, i told my love,

i told her all my heart,

trembling, cold, in ghastly fears--

ah, she doth depart.

soon as she was gone from me

a traveller came by

silently, invisibly--

o, was no deny.

----

  

111

new jerusalem, the

and did those feet in ancient time

walk upon englands mountains green?

and was the holy lamb of god

on englands pleasant pastures seen?

and did the countenance divine

shine forth upon our clouded hills?

and was jerusalem builded here

among these dark satanic mills?

bring me my bow of burning gold!

bring me my arrows of desire!

bring me my spear! o clouds, unfold!

bring me my charriot of fire!

i will not cease from mental fight,

nor shall my sword sleep in my hand

till we have built jerusalem

in englands green and pleasant land.

----

  

112

night

the sun descending in the west,

the evening star does shine;

the birds are silent in their nest,

and i must seek for mine.

the moon, like a flower,

in heavens high bower,

with silent delight

sits and smiles on the night.

farewell, green fields and happy groves,

where flocks have took delight.

where lambs have nibbled, silent moves

the feet of angels bright;

unseen they pour blessing,

and joy without ceasing,

on each bud and blossom,

and each sleeping bosom.

they look in every thoughtless nest,

where birds are covered warm;

they visit caves of every beast,

to keep them all from harm.

if they see any weeping

that should have been sleeping,

they pour sleep on their head,

and sit down by their bed.

when wolves and tigers howl for prey,

they pitying stand and weep;

seeking to drive their thirst away,

and keep them from the sheep.

but if they rush dreadful,

the angels, most heedful,

receive each mild spirit,

new worlds to inherit.

and there the lions ruddy eyes

shall flow with tears of gold,

and pitying the tender cries,

and walking round the fold,

saying, wrath, by his meekness,

and, by his health, sickness

is driven away

from our immortal day.

and now beside thee, bleating lamb,

i can lie down and sleep;

or think on him who bore thy name,

graze after thee and weep.

for, washed in lifes river,

my bright mane for ever

shall shine like the gold

  

113

as i guard oer the fold.

----

  

114

now art has lost its mental charms

now art has lost its mental charms

france shall subdue the world in arms.

so spoke an angel at my birth;

then said descend thou upon earth,

renew the arts on britains shore,

and france shall fall down and adore.

with works of art their armies meet

and war shall sink beneath thy feet.

but if thy nation arts refuse,

and if they scorn the immortal muse,

france shall the arts of peace restore

and save thee from the ungrateful shore.

spirit who lovst britannias isle

round which the fiends of commerce smile --

----

  

115

nurses song

when voices of children are heard on the green,

and whisperings are in the dale,

the days of my youth rise fresh in my mind,

my face turns green and pale.

then come home, my children, the sun is gone down, and the dews of night arise;

your spring and your day are wasted in play,

and your winter and night in disguise.

----

  

116

nurses song (experience)

when the voices of children. are heard on the green and whisprings are in the dale:

the days of my youth rise fresh in my mind,

my face turns green and pale.

then come home my children. the sun is gone down

and the dews of night arise

your spring andamp; your day. are wasted in play and your winter and night in disguise.

----

  

117

nurses song (innocence)

when voices of children are heard on the green

and laughing is heard on the hill,

my heart is at rest within my breast

and everything else is still

then come home my children the sun is gone down

and the dews of night arise

come come leave off play, and let us away

till the morning appears in the skies

no no let us play, for it is yet day

and we cannot go to sleep

besides in the sky, the little birds fly

and the hills are all covered with sheep

well well go andamp; play till the light fades away and then go home to bed

the little ones leaped andamp; shouted andamp; laughd and all the hills echoed

----

  

118

on anothers sorrow

can i see anothers woe,

and not be in sorrow too?

can i see anothers grief,

and not seek for kind relief.

can i see a falling tear.

and not feel my sorrows share,

can a father see his child,

weep, nor be with sorrow filld.

can a mother sit and hear.

an infant groan an infant fear--

no no never can it be,

never never can it be.

and can he who smiles on all

hear the wren with sorrows small.

hear the small birds grief andamp; care

hear the woes that infants bear--

and not sit beside the nest

pouring pity in their breast.

and not sit the cradle near

weeping tear on infants tear.

and not sit both night andamp; day.

wiping all our tears away.

o! no never can it be.

never never can it be.

he doth give his joy to all,

he becomes an infant small,

he becomes a man of woe

he doth feel the sorrow too.

think not. thou canst sigh a sigh,

and thy maker is not by.

think not, thou canst weep a tear,

and thy maker is not near.

o! he gives to us his joy.

that our grief he may destroy

till our grief is fled andamp; gone

he doth sit by us and moan

----

  

119

on anothers sorrow

can i see anothers woe,

and not be in sorrow too?

can i see anothers grief,

and not seek for kind relief?

can i see a falling tear,

and not feel my sorrows share?

can a father see his child

weep, nor be with sorrow filled?

can a mother sit and hear

an infant groan, an infant fear?

no, no! never can it be!

never, never can it be!

and can he who smiles on all

hear the wren with sorrows small,

hear the small birds grief and care,

hear the woes that infants bear --

and not sit beside the next,

pouring pity in their breast,

and not sit the cradle near,

weeping tear on infants tear?

and not sit both night and day,

wiping all our tears away?

oh no! never can it be!

never, never can it be!

he doth give his joy to all:

he becomes an infant small,

he becomes a man of woe,

he doth feel the sorrow too.

think not thou canst sigh a sigh,

and thy maker is not by:

think not thou canst weep a tear,

and thy maker is not year.

oh he gives to us his joy,

that our grief he may destroy:

till our grief is fled an gone

he doth sit by us and moan.

----

  

120

piping down the valleys wild

piping down the valleys wild,

piping songs of pleasant glee,

on a cloud i saw a child,

and he laughing said to me:

pipe a song about a lamb!

so i piped with merry cheer.

piper, pipe that song again.

so i piped: he wept to hear.

drop thy pipe, thy happy pipe;

sing thy songs of happy cheer.

so i sung the same again,

while he wept with joy to hear.

piper, sit thee down and write

in a book, that all may read.

so he vanished from my sight,

and i plucked a hollow reed,

and i made a rural pen,

and i stained the water clear,

and i wrote my happy songs

every child may joy to hear.

----

  

121

preludium to america

the shadowy daughter of urthona stood before red orc, when fourteen suns had faintly journeyd oer his dark abode: his food she brought in iron baskets, his drink in cups of iron: crownd with a helmet and dark hair the nameless female stood; a quiver with its burning stores, a bow like that of night, when pestilence is shot from heaven: no other arms she need!

invulnerable though naked, save where clouds roll round her loins their awful folds in the dark air: silent she stood as night; for never from her iron tongue could voice or sound arise, but dumb till that dread day when orc assayd his fierce embrace.

dark virgin, said the hairy youth, thy father stern, abhorrd, rivets my tenfold chains while still on high my spirit soars; sometimes an eagle screaming in the sky, sometimes a lion stalking upon the mountains, and sometimes a whale, i lash the raging fathomless abyss; anon a serpent folding around the pillars of urthona, and round thy dark limbs on the canadian wilds i fold; feeble my spirit folds, for chaind beneath i rend these caverns: when thou bringest food i howl my joy, and my red eyes seek to behold thy face--

in vain! these clouds roll to and fro, and hide thee from my sight.

silent as despairing love, and strong as jealousy, the hairy shoulders rend the links; free are the wrists of fire; round the terrific loins he seizd the panting, struggling womb; it joyd: she put aside her clouds and smiled her first-born smile, as when a black cloud shews its lightnings to the silent deep.

soon as she saw the terrible boy, then burst the virgin cry:

i know thee, i have found thee, and i will not let thee go: thou art the image of god who dwells in darkness of africa, and thou art falln to give me life in regions of dark death.

on my american plains i feel the struggling afflictions endurd by roots that writhe their arms into the nether deep.

i see a serpent in canada who courts me to his love, in mexico an eagle, and a lion in peru;

i see a whale in the south-sea, drinking my soul away.

o what limb-rending pains i feel! thy fire and my frost mingle in howling pains, in furrows by thy lightnings rent.

this is eternal death, and this the torment long foretold.

----

  

122

preludium to europe

the nameless shadowy female rose from out the breast of orc, her snaky hair brandishing in the winds of enitharmon; and thus her voice arose:

o mother enitharmon, wilt thou bring forth other sons?

to cause my name to vanish, that my place may not be found, for i am faint with travail,

like the dark cloud disburdend in the day of dismal thunder.

my roots are brandishd in the heavens, my fruits in earth beneath surge, foam and labour into life, first born and first consumd!

consumed and consuming!

then why shouldst thou, accursed mother, bring me into life?

i wrap my turban of thick clouds around my labring head, and fold the sheety waters as a mantle round my limbs; yet the red sun and moon

and all the overflowing stars rain down prolific pains.

unwilling i look up to heaven, unwilling count the stars: sitting in fathomless abyss of my immortal shrine i seize their burning power

and bring forth howling terrors, all devouring fiery kings, devouring and devoured, roaming on dark and desolate mountains, in forests of eternal death, shrieking in hollow trees.

ah mother enitharmon!

stamp not with solid form this vigrous progeny of fires.

i bring forth from my teeming bosom myriads of flames, and thou dost stamp them with a signet; then they roam abroad and leave me void as death.

ah! i am drownd in shady woe and visionary joy.

and who shall bind the infinite with an eternal band?

to compass it with swaddling bands? and who shall cherish it with milk and honey?

i see it smile, and i roll inward, and my voice is past.

she ceased, and rolld her shady clouds

into the secret place.

----

  

123

proverbs of hell (excerpt from the marriage of heaven and h

in seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.

drive your cart and your plow over the bones of the dead.

the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.

prudence is a rich, ugly old maid courted by incapacity.

he who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.

the cut worm forgives the plow.

dip him in the river who loves water.

a fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.

he whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.

eternity is in love with the productions of time.

the busy bee has no time for sorrow.

the hours of folly are measurd by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.

all wholesome food is caught without a net or a trap.

bring out number, weight and measure in a year of dearth.

no bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings.

a dead body revenges not injuries.

the most sublime act is to set another before you.

if the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise.

folly is the cloak of knavery.

shame is prides cloke.

prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of religion.

the pride of the peacock is the glory of god.

the lust of the goat is the bounty of god.

the wrath of the lion is the wisdom of god.

the nakedness of woman is the work of god.

excess of sorrow laughs. excess of joy weeps.

the roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea, and the destructive sword, are portions of eternity, too great for the eye of man.

the fox condemns the trap, not himself.

joys impregnate. sorrows bring forth.

let man wear the fell of the lion, woman the fleece of the sheep.

the bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.

the selfish, smiling fool, and the sullen, frowning fool shall be both thought wise, that they may be a rod.

what is now proved was once only imagind.

the rat, the mouse, the fox, the rabbit watch the roots; the lion, the tyger, the horse, the elephant watch the fruits.

the cistern contains: the fountain overflows.

one thought fills immensity.

always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.

every thing possible to be believd is an image of truth.

the eagle never lost so much time as when he submitted to learn of the crow.

the fox provides for himself, but god provides for the lion.

think in the morning. act in the noon. eat in the evening. sleep in the night.

he who has sufferd you to impose on him, knows you.

as the plow follows words, so god rewards prayers.

the tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.

expect poison from the standing water.

you never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.

listen to the fools reproach! it is a kingly title!

the eyes of fire, the nostrils of air, the mouth of water, the beard of earth.

the weak in courage is strong in cunning.

  

124

the apple tree never asks the beech how he shall grow; nor the lion, the horse, how he shall take his prey.

the thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.

if others had not been foolish, we should be so.

the soul of sweet delight can never be defild.

when thou seest an eagle, thou seest a portion of genius; lift up thy head!

as the caterpiller chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.

to create a little flower is the labour of ages.

damn braces. bless relaxes.

the best wine is the oldest, the best water the newest.

prayers plow not! praises reap not!

joys laugh not! sorrows weep not!

the head sublime, the heart pathos, the genitals beauty, the hands and feet proportion.

as the air to a bird or the sea to a fish, so is contempt to the contemptible.

the crow wishd every thing was black, the owl that every thing was white.

exuberance is beauty.

if the lion was advised by the fox, he would be cunning.

improvement makes strait roads; but the crooked roads without improvement are roads of genius.

sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires.

where man is not, nature is barren.

truth can never be told so as to be understood, and not be believd.

enough! or too much.

----

  

125

question answered, the

what is it men in women do require?

the lineaments of gratified desire.

what is it women do in men require?

the lineaments of gratified desire

----

  

126

reeds of innocence

piping down the valleys wild,

piping songs of pleasant glee,

on a cloud i saw a child,

and he laughing said to me:

pipe a song about a lamb!

so i piped with merry cheer.

piper, pipe that song again;

so i piped: he wept to hear.

drop thy pipe, thy happy pipe;

sing thy songs of happy cheer!

so i sung the same again,

while he wept with joy to hear.

piper, sit thee down and write

in a book that all may read.

so he vanishd from my sight;

and i pluckd a hollow reed,

and i made a rural pen,

and i staind the water clear,

and i wrote my happy songs

every child may joy to hear.

----

  

127

samson

samson, the strongest of the children of men, i sing; how he was foiled by womans arts, by a false wife brought to the gates of death! o truth! that shinest with propitious beams, turning our earthly night to heavenly day, from presence of the almighty father, thou visitest our darkling world with blessed feet, bringing good news of sin and death destroyed! o whiterobed angel, guide my timorous hand to write as on a lofty rock with iron pen the words of truth, that all who pass may read. -- now night, noontide of damned spirits, over the silent earth spreads her pavilion, while in dark council sat philistas lords; and, where strength failed, black thoughts in ambush lay.

their helmed youth and aged warriors in dust together lie, and desolation spreads his wings over the land of palestine: from side to side the land groans, her prowess lost, and seeks to hide her bruised head under the mists of night, breeding dark plots. for dalilas fair arts have long been tried in vain; in vain she wept in many a treacherous tear. go on, fair traitress; do thy guileful work; ere once again the changing moon her circuit hath performed, thou shalt overcome, and conquer him by force unconquerable, and wrest his secret from him. call thine alluring arts and honest-seeming brow, the holy kiss of love, and the transparent tear; put on fair linen that with the lily vies, purple and silver; neglect thy hair, to seem more lovely in thy loose attire; put on thy countrys pride, deceit, and eyes of love decked in mild sorrow; and sell thy lord for gold. for now, upon her sumptuous couch reclined in gorgeous pride, she still entreats, and still she grasps his vigorous knees with her fair arms. thou lovst me not! thourt war, thou art not love! o foolish dalila! o weak woman! it is death clothed in flesh thou lovest, and thou hast been encircled in his arms! alas, my lord, what am i calling thee? thou art my god! to thee i pour my tears for sacrifice morning and evening. my days are covered with sorrow, shut up, darkened! by night i am deceived!

who says that thou wast born of mortal kind? destruction was thy father, a lioness suckled thee, thy young hands tore human limbs, and gorged human flesh. come hither, death; art thou not samsons servant? tis dalila that calls, thy masters wife; no, stay, and let thy master do the deed: one blow of that strong arm would ease my pain; then should i lay at quiet and have rest. pity forsook thee at thy birth! o dagon furious, and all ye gods of palestine, withdraw your hand! i am but a weak woman.

alas, i am wedded to your enemy! i will go mad, and tear my crisped hair; 1000 ill run about, and pierce the ears o th gods! o samson, hold me not; thou lovest me not!

look not upon me with those deathful eyes! thou wouldst my death, and death approaches fast. thus, in false tears, she bathd his feet, and thus she day by day oppressed his soul: he seemed a mountain; his brow among the clouds; she seemed a silver stream, his feet embracing. dark thoughts rolled to and fro in his mind, like thunder clouds troubling the sky; his visage was troubled; his soul was distressed.

though i should tell her all my heart, what can i fear? though i should tell this secret of my birth, the utmost may be warded off as well when told as now. she saw him moved, and thus resumes her wiles. samson, im thine; do with me what thou wilt: my friends are enemies; my life is death; i am a traitor to my nation, and despised; my joy is given into the hands of him who hates me, using deceit to the wife of his bosom. thrice hast thou mocked me and grieved my soul. didst thou not tell me with green withs to bind thy nervous arms; and, after that, when i had found thy falsehood, with new ropes to bind thee fast? i knew thou didst but mock me. alas, when in thy sleep i bound thee with them to try thy truth, i cried, "the philistines be upon thee, samson!" then did suspicion wake thee; how didst thou rend the feeble ties! thou fearest nought, what shouldst thou fear? thy power is more than mortal, none can hurt thee; thy bones are brass, thy sinews are iron. ten thousand spears are like the summer grass; an army of mighty men are as flocks in the valleys; what canst thou fear? i drink my tears like water; i live upon sorrow! o worse than wolves and tigers, what canst thou give when such a trifle is denied me? but o! at last thou mockest me,

  

128

to shame my over-fond inquiry. thou toldest me to weave thee to the beam by thy strong hair; i did even that to try thy truth; but, when i cried "the philistines be upon thee!" then didst thou leave me to bewail that samson loved me not. he sat, and inward grievd; he saw and lovd the beauteous suppliant, nor could conceal aught that might appease her; then, leaning on her bosom, thus he spoke: hear, o dalila! doubt no more of samsons love; for that fair breast was made the ivory palace of my inmost heart, where it shall lie at rest: for sorrow is the lot of all of woman born: for care was i brought forth, and labour is my lot: nor matchless might, nor wisdom, nor every gift enjoyed, can from the heart of man hide sorrow. twice was my birth foretold from heaven, and twice a sacred vow enjoined me that i should drink no wine, nor eat of any unclean thing; for holy unto israels god i am, a nazarite even from my mothers womb. twice was it told, that it might not be broken. "grant me a son, kind heaven,"

manoa cried; but heaven refused. childless he mourned, but thought his god knew best. in solitude, though not obscure, in israel he lived, till venerable age came on: his flocks increased, and plenty crowned his board, beloved, revered of man. but god hath other joys in store. is burdened israel his grief? the son of his old age shall set it free!

the venerable sweetener of his life receives the promise first from heaven. she saw the maidens play, and blessed their innocent mirth; she blessed each new-joined pair; but from her the long-wished deliverer shall spring. pensive, alone she sat within the house, when busy day was fading, and calm evening, time for contemplation, rose from the forsaken east, and drew the curtains of heaven: pensive she sat, and thought on israels grief, and silent prayed to israels god; when lo! an angel from the fields of light entered the house. his form was manhood in the prime, and from his spacious brow shot terrors through the evening shade. but mild he hailed her, "hail, highly favoured!" said he; "for lo! thou shalt conceive, and bear a son, and israels strength shall be upon his shoulders, and he shall be called israels deliverer. now, therefore, drink no wine, and eat not any unclean thing, for he shall be a nazarite to god." then, as a nei 727 ghbour, when his evening tale is told, departs, his blessing leaving, so seemed he to depart: she wondered with exceeding joy, nor knew he was an angel.

manoa left his fields to sit in the house, and take his evenings rest from labour -- the sweetest time that god has allotted mortal man. he sat, and heard with joy, and praised god, who israel still doth keep. the time rolled on, and israel groaned oppressed. the sword was bright, while the ploughshare rusted, till hope grew feeble, and was ready to give place to doubting. then prayed manoa: "o lord, thy flock is scattered on the hills! the wolf teareth them, oppression stretches his rod over our land, our country is ploughed with swords, and reaped in blood. the echoes of slaughter reach from hill to hill. instead of peaceful pipe the shepherd bears a sword, the ox-goad is turned into a spear. o when shall our deliverer come? the philistine riots on our flocks, our vintage is gathered by bands of enemies. stretch forth thy hand, and save!" thus prayed manoa. the aged woman walked into the field, and lo!

again the angel came, clad as a traveller fresh risen on his journey. she ran and called her husband, who came and talked with him. "o man of god," said he, "thou comest from far! let us detain thee while i make ready a kid, that thou mayest sit and eat, and tell us of thy name and warfare; that, when thy sayings come to pass, we may honour thee." the angel answered, "my name is wonderful; inquire not after it, seeing it is a secret; but, if thou wilt, offer an offering unto the lord."

----

  

129

schoolboy, the

i love to rise in a summer morn

when the birds sing on every tree;

the distant huntsman winds his horn,

and the skylark sings with me.

o! what sweet company!

but to go to school on a summer morn,

o! it drives all joy away;

under a cruel eye outworn,

the little ones spend the day

in sighing and dismay.

ah! then at times i drooping sit,

and spend many an anxious hour,

nor in my book can i take delight,

nor sit in learnings bower,

worn thro with the dreary shower.

how can the bird that is born for joy

sit in a cage and sing?

how can a child, when fears annoy,

but droop his tender wing,

and forget his youthful spring?

o! father and mother, if buds are nipped

and blossoms blown away,

and if the tender plants are stripped

of their joy in the springing day,

by sorrow and cares dismay,

how shall the summer arise in joy,

or the summers fruits appear?

or how shall we gather what griefs destroy,

or bless the mellowing year,

when the blasts of winter appear?

----

  

130

several questions answered

what is it men in women do require?

the lineaments of gratified desire.

what is it women do in men require?

the lineaments of gratified desire.

the look of love alarms

because tis filld with fire;

but the look of soft deceit

shall win the lovers hire.

soft deceit andamp; idleness,

these are beautys sweetest dress.

he who binds to himself a joy

dot the winged life destroy;

but he who kisses the joy as it flies

lives in eternitys sunrise.

submitted by josh horn

----

  

131

sick rose, the

o rose, thou art sick!

the invisible worm

that flies in the night,

in the howling storm,

has found out thy bed

of crimson joy:

and his dark secret love

does thy life destroy.

----

  

132

silent, silent night

silent, silent night,

quench the holy light

of thy torches bright;

for possessed of day

thousand spirits stray

that sweet joys betray.

why should joys be sweet

used with deceit,

nor with sorrows meet?

but an honest joy

does itself destroy

for a harlot coy.

----

  

133

sleep! sleep! beauty bright

sleep! sleep! beauty bright,

dreaming oer the joys of night;

sleep! sleep! in thy sleep

little sorrows sit and weep.

sweet babe, in thy face

soft desires i can trace,

secret joys and secret smiles,

little pretty infant wiles.

as thy softest limbs i feel,

smiles as of the morning steal

oer thy cheek, and oer thy breast

where thy little heart does rest.

o! the cunning wiles that creep

in thy little heart asleep.

when thy little heart does wake

then the dreadful lightnings break,

from thy cheek and from thy eye,

oer the youthful harvests nigh.

infant wiles and infant smiles

heaven and earth of peace beguiles.

----

  

134

song

my silks and fine array,

my smiles and languishd air,

by love are drivn away;

and mournful lean despair

brings me yew to deck my grave;

such end true lovers have.

his face is fair as heavn

when springing buds unfold;

o why to him wast givn

whose heart is wintry cold?

his breast is loves all-worshippd tomb,

where all loves pilgrims come.

bring me an axe and spade,

bring me a winding sheet;

when i my grave have made

let winds and tempests beat:

then down ill lie as cold as clay.

true love doth pass away!

----

  

135

song: memory, hither come

memory, hither come,

and tune your merry notes;

and, while upon the wind

your music floats,

ill pore upon the stream

where sighing lovers dream,

and fish for fancies as they pass

within the watery glass.

ill drink of the clear stream,

and hear the linnets song;

and there ill lie and dream

the day along:

and, when night comes, ill go

to places fit for woe,

walking along the darkend valley

with silent melancholy.

----

  

136

songs of experience: introduction

hear the voice of the bard!

who present, past, andamp; future sees

whose ears have heard

the holy word,

that walkd among the ancient trees.

calling the lapsed soul

and weeping in the evening dew;

that might controll.

the starry pole;

and fallen fallen light renew!

o earth o earth return!

arise from out the dewy grass;

night is worn,

and the morn

rises from the slumbrous mass.

turn away no more:

why wilt thou turn away

the starry floor

the watery shore

is given thee till the break of day.

----

  

137

songs of innocence: introduction

piping down the valleys wild

piping songs of pleasant glee

on a cloud i saw a child.

and he laughing said to me.

pipe a song about a lamb:

so i piped with merry chear,

piper, pipe that song again--

so i piped, he wept to hear.

drop thy pipe thy happy pipe

sing thy songs of happy chear,

so i sung the same again

while he wept with joy to hear

piper sit thee down and write

in a book that all may read--

so he vanished from my sight

and i pluckd a hollow reed.

and i made a rural pen,

and i stained the water clear,

and i wrote my happy songs,

every child may joy to hear.

----

  

138

spring

sound the flute!

now its mute!

birds delight,

day and night,

nightingale,

in the dale,

lark in sky,--

merrily,

merrily merrily, to welcome in the year.

little boy,

full of joy;

little girl,

sweet and small;

cock does crow,

so do you;

merry voice,

infant noise;

merrily, merrily, to welcome in the year.

little lamb,

here i am;

come and lick

my white neck;

let me pull

your soft wool;

let me kiss

your soft face;

merrily, merrily, to welcome in the year.

----

  

139

the angel

i dreamt a dream! what can it mean?

and that i was a maiden queen

guarded by an angel mild:

witless woe was neer beguiled!

and i wept both night and day,

and he wiped my tears away;

and i wept both day and night,

and hid from him my hearts delight.

so he took his wings, and fled;

then the morn blushed rosy red.

i dried my tears, and armed my fears

with ten-thousand shields and spears.

soon my angel came again;

i was armed, he came in vain;

for the time of youth was fled,

and grey hairs were on my head.

----

  

140

the angel that presided oer my birth

the angel that presided oer my birth

said, "little creature, formd of joy and mirth,

"go love without the help of any thing on earth."

----

  

141

the birds

he. where thou dwellest, in what grove,

tell me fair one, tell me love;

where thou thy charming nest dost build,

o thou pride of every field!

she. yonder stands a lonely tree,

there i live and mourn for thee;

morning drinks my silent tear,

and evening winds my sorrow bear.

he. o thou summers harmony,

i have livd and mournd for thee;

each day i mourn along the wood,

and night hath heard my sorrows loud.

she. dost thou truly long for me?

and am i thus sweet to thee?

sorrow now is at an end,

o my lover and my friend!

he. come, on wings of joy well fly

to where my bower hangs on high;

come, and make thy calm retreat

among green leaves and blossoms sweet.

----

  

142

the blossom

merry, merry sparrow!

under leaves so green

a happy blossom

sees you, swift as arrow,

seek your cradle narrow,

near my bosom.

pretty, pretty robin!

under leaves so green

a happy blossom

hears you sobbing, sobbing,

pretty, pretty robin,

near my bosom.

----

  

143

the book of thel

1 does the eagle know what is in the pit?

2 or wilt thou go ask the mole?

3 can wisdom be put in a silver rod?

4 or love in a golden bowl?

i

1.1 the daughters of the seraphim led round their sunny flocks, 1.2 all but the youngest: she in paleness sought the secret air, 1.3 to fade away like morning beauty from her mortal day: 1.4 down by the river of adona her soft voice is heard, 1.5 and thus her gentle lamentation falls like morning dew: 1.6 o life of this our spring! why fades the lotus of the water, 1.7 why fade these children of the spring, born but to smile and fall?

1.8 ah! thel is like a watry bow, and like a parting cloud; 1.9 like a reflection in a glass; like shadows in the water; 1.10 like dreams of infants, like a smile upon an infants face; 1.11 like the doves voice; like transient day; like music in the air.

1.12 ah! gentle may i lay me down, and gentle rest my head, 1.13 and gentle sleep the sleep of death, and gentle hear the voice 1.14 of him that walketh in the garden in the evening time.

1.15 the lily of the valley, breathing in the humble grass, 1.16 answerd the lovely maid and said: i am a watry weed, 1.17 and i am very small and love to dwell in lowly vales; 1.18 so weak, the gilded butterfly scarce perches on my head.

1.19 yet i am visited from heaven, and he that smiles on all 1.20 walks in the valley and each morn over me spreads his hand, 1.21 saying, rejoice, thou humble grass, thou new-born lily-flower, 1.22 thou gentle maid of silent valleys and of modest brooks; 1.23 for thou shalt be clothed in light, and fed with morning manna, 1.24 till summers heat melts thee beside the fountains and the springs 1.25 to flourish in eternal vales. then why should thel complain?

1.26 why should the mistress of the vales of har utter a sigh?

1.27 she ceasd and smild in tears, then sat down in her silver shrine.

1.28 thel answerd: o thou little virgin of the peaceful valley, 1.29 giving to those that cannot crave, the voiceless, the oertired; 1.30 thy breath doth nourish the innocent lamb, he smells thy milky garments, 1.31 he crops thy flowers while thou sittest smiling in his face, 1.32 wiping his mild and meekin mouth from all contagious taints.

1.33 thy wine doth purify the golden honey; thy perfume, 1.34 which thou dost scatter on every little blade of grass that springs, 1.35 revives the milked cow, and tames the fire-breathing steed.

1.36 but thel is like a faint cloud kindled at the rising sun: 1.37 i vanish from my pearly throne, and who shall find my place?

1.38 queen of the vales, the lily answerd, ask the tender cloud, 1.39 and it shall tell thee why it glitters in the morning sky, 1.40 and why it scatters its bright beauty thro the humid air.

1.41 descend, o little cloud, and hover before the eyes of thel.

  

144

1.42 the cloud descended, and the lily bowd her modest head 1.43 and went to mind her numerous charge among the verdant grass.

ii

2.1 o little cloud, the virgin said, i charge thee tell to me 2.2 why thou complainest not when in one hour thou fade away: 2.3 then we shall seek thee, but not find. ah! thel is like to thee: 2.4 i pass away: yet i complain, and no one hears my voice.

2.5 the cloud then shewd his golden head and his bright form emergd, 2.6 hovering and glittering on the air before the face of thel.

2.7 o virgin, knowst thou not our steeds drink of the golden springs 2.8 where luvah doth renew his horses? lookst thou on my youth, 2.9 and fearest thou, because i vanish and am seen no more, 2.10 nothing remains? o maid, i tell thee, when i pass away 2.11 it is to tenfold life, to love, to peace and raptures holy: 2.12 unseen descending, weigh my light wings upon balmy flowers, 2.13 and court the fair-eyed dew to take me to her shining tent: 2.14 the weeping virgin trembling kneels before the risen sun, 2.15 till we arise linkd in a golden band and never part, 2.16 but walk united, bearing food to all our tender flowers.

2.17 dost thou, o little cloud? i fear that i am not like thee, 2.18 for i walk thro the vales of har, and smell the sweetest flowers, 2.19 but i feed not the little flowers; i hear the warbling birds, 2.20 but i feed not the warbling birds; they fly and seek their food: 2.21 but thel delights in these no more, because i fade away; 2.22 and all shall say, without a use this shining woman livd, 2.23 or did she only live to be at death the food of worms? 

2.24 the cloud reclind upon his airy throne and answerd thus: 2.25 then if thou art the food of worms, o virgin of the skies, 2.26 how great thy use, how great thy blessing! every thing that lives 2.27 lives not alone nor for itself. fear not, and i will call 2.28 the weak worm from its lowly bed, and thou shalt hear its voice, 2.29 come forth, worm of the silent valley, to thy pensive queen.

2.30 the helpless worm arose, and sat upon the lilys leaf, 2.31 and the bright cloud saild on, to find his partner in the vale.

iii

3.1 then thel astonishd viewd the worm upon its dewy bed.

3.2 art thou a worm? image of weakness, art thou but a worm?

3.3 i see thee like an infant wrapped in the lilys leaf 3.4 ah! weep not, little voice, thou canst not speak, but thou canst weep.

3.5 is this a worm? i see thee lay helpless and naked, weeping,

  

145

3.6 and none to answer, none to cherish thee with mothers smiles.

3.7 the clod of clay heard the worms voice and raisd her pitying head: 3.8 she bowd over the weeping infant, and her life exhald 3.9 in milky fondness: then on thel she fixd her humble eyes.

3.10 o beauty of the vales of har! we live not for ourselves.

3.11 thou seest me the meanest thing, and so i am indeed.

3.12 my bosom of itself is cold, and of itself is dark; 3.13 but he, that loves the lowly, pours his oil upon my head, 3.14 and kisses me, and binds his nuptial bands around my breast, 3.15 and says: thou mother of my children, i have loved thee 3.16 and i have given thee a crown that none can take away.

3.17 but how this is, sweet maid, i know not, and i cannot know; 3.18 i ponder, and i cannot ponder; yet i live and love.

3.19 the daughter of beauty wipd her pitying tears with her white veil, 3.20 and said: alas! i knew not this, and therefore did i weep.

3.21 that god would love a worm i knew, and punish the evil foot 3.22 that wilful bruisd its helpless form; but that he cherishd it 3.23 with milk and oil i never knew, and therefore did i weep; 3.24 and i complaind in the mild air, because i fade away, 3.25 and lay me down in thy cold bed, and leave my shining lot.

3.26 queen of the vales, the matron clay answerd, i heard thy sighs, 3.27 and all thy moans flew oer my roof, but i have calld them down.

3.28 wilt thou, o queen, enter my house? tis given thee to enter 3.29 and to return: fear nothing, enter with thy virgin feet.

iv

4.1 the eternal gates terrific porter lifted the northern bar: 4.2 thel enterd in and saw the secrets of the land unknown.

4.3 she saw the couches of the dead, and where the fibrous roots 4.4 of every heart on earth infixes deep its restless twists: 4.5 a land of sorrows and of tears where never smile was seen.

4.6 she wanderd in the land of clouds thro valleys dark, listning 4.7 dolours and lamentations; waiting oft beside a dewy grave 4.8 she stood in silence, listning to the voices of the ground, 4.9 till to her own grave plot she came, and there she sat down, 4.10 and heard this voice of sorrow breathed from the hollow pit.

4.11 why cannot the ear be closed to its own destruction?

4.12 or the glistning eye to the poison of a smile?

4.13 why are eyelids stord with arrows ready drawn, 4.14 where a thousand fighting men in ambush lie?

4.15 or an eye of gifts and graces showring fruits and coined gold?

4.16 why a tongue impressd with honey from every wind?

4.17 why an ear, a whirlpool fierce to draw creations in?

4.18 why a nostril wide inhaling terror, trembling, and affright?

4.19 why a tender curb upon the youthful burning boy?

4.20 why a little curtain of flesh on the bed of our desire?

  

146

4.21 the virgin started from her seat, and with a shriek 4.22 fled back unhinderd till she came into the vales of har.

----

  

147

the book of urizen (excerpts)

lo, a shadow of horror is risen

in eternity! unknown, unprolific,

self-closd, all-repelling: what demon

hath formd this abominable void,

this soul-shuddring vacuum? some said

it is urizen. but unknown, abstracted,

brooding, secret, the dark power hid.

times on times he divided and measurd

space by space in his ninefold darkness,

unseen, unknown; changes appeard

like desolate mountains, rifted furious

by the black winds of perturbation.

for he strove in battles dire,

in unseen conflictions with shapes

bred from his forsaken wilderness

of beast, bird, fish, serpent and element,

combustion, blast, vapour and cloud.

dark, revolving in silent activity:

unseen in tormenting passions:

an activity unknown and horrible,

a self-contemplating shadow,

in enormous labours occupied.

but eternals beheld his vast forests;

age on ages he lay, closd, unknown,

brooding shut in the deep; all avoid

the petrific, abominable chaos.

his cold horrors silent, dark urizen

prepard; his ten thousands of thunders,

rangd in gloomd array, stretch out across

the dread world; and the rolling of wheels,

as of swelling seas, sound in his clouds,

in his hills of stord snows, in his mountains of hail and ice; voices of terror

are heard, like thunders of autumn

when the cloud blazes over the harvests

----

  

148

the book of urizen: chapter i

1. lo, a shadow of horror is risen

in eternity! unknown, unprolific!

self-closd, all-repelling: what demon

hath formd this abominable void

this soul-shuddring vacuum?--some said

"it is urizen", but unknown, abstracted brooding secret, the dark power hid.

2. times on times he divided, and measurd

space by space in his ninefold darkness

unseen, unknown! changes appeard

in his desolate mountains rifted furious

by the black winds of perturbation

3. for he strove in battles dire

in unseen conflictions with shapes

bred from his forsaken wilderness,

of beast, bird, fish, serpent and element

combustion, blast, vapour and cloud.

4. dark revolving in silent activity:

unseen in tormenting passions;

an activity unknown and horrible;

a self-contemplating shadow,

in enormous labours occupied

5. but eternals beheld his vast forests

age on ages he lay, closd, unknown

brooding shut in the deep; all avoid

the petrific abominable chaos

6. his cold horrors silent, dark urizen

prepard: his ten thousands of thunders

rangd in gloomd array stretch out across

the dread world, and the rolling of wheels

as of swelling seas, sound in his clouds

in his hills of stord snows, in his mountains

of hail and ice; voices of terror,

are heard, like thunders of autumn,

when the cloud blazes over the harvests

----

  

149

the book of urizen: chapter ii

1. earth was not: nor globes of attraction

the will of the immortal expanded

or contracted his all flexible senses.

death was not, but eternal life sprung

2. the sound of a trumpet the heavens

awoke and vast clouds of blood rolld

round the dim rocks of urizen, so namd

that solitary one in immensity

3. shrill the trumpet: and myriads of eternity, muster around the bleak desarts

now filld with clouds, darkness and waters

that rolld perplexd labring and utterd

words articulate, bursting in thunders

that rolld on the tops of his mountains

4. from the depths of dark solitude. from

the eternal abode in my holiness,

hidden set apart in my stern counsels

reservd for the days of futurity,

i have sought for a joy without pain,

for a solid without fluctuation

why will you die o eternals?

why live in unquenchable burnings?

5. first i fought with the fire; consumd

inwards, into a deep world within:

a void immense, wild dark and deep,

where nothing was: natures wide womb

and self balancd stretchd oer the void

i alone, even i! the winds merciless

bound; but condensing, in torrents

they fall and fall; strong i repelld

the vast waves, and arose on the waters

a wide world of solid obstruction

6. here alone i in books formd of metals

have written the secrets of wisdom

the secrets of dark contemplation

by fightings and conflicts dire,

with terrible monsters sin-bred:

which the bosoms of all inhabit;

seven deadly sins of the soul.

7. lo! i unfold my darkness: and on

this rock, place with strong hand the book

of eternal brass, written in my solitude.

8. laws of peace, of love, of unity:

of pity, compassion, forgiveness.

let each chuse one habitation:

  

150

his ancient infinite mansion:

one command, one joy, one desire,

one curse, one weight, one measure

one king, one god, one law.

----

  

151

the book of urizen: chapter iii

1. the voice ended, they saw his pale visage

emerge from the darkness; his hand

on the rock of eternity unclasping

the book of brass. rage siezd the strong

2. rage, fury, intense indignation

in cataracts of fire blood and gall

in whirlwinds of sulphurous smoke:

and enormous forms of energy;

all the seven deadly sins of the soul

in living creations appeard

in the flames of eternal fury.

3. sundring, darkning, thundring!

rent away with a terrible crash

eternity rolld wide apart

wide asunder rolling

mountainous all around

departing; departing; departing:

leaving ruinous fragments of life

hanging frowning cliffs and all between

an ocean of voidness unfathomable.

4. the roaring fires ran oer the heavns

in whirlwinds and cataracts of blood

and oer the dark desarts of urizen

fires pour thro the void on all sides

on urizens self-begotten armies.

5. but no light from the fires. all was darkness

in the flames of eternal fury

6. in fierce anguish and quenchless flames

to the desarts and rocks he ran raging

to hide, but he could not: combining

he dug mountains and hills in vast strength,

he piled them in incessant labour,

in howlings and pangs and fierce madness

long periods in burning fires labouring

till hoary, and age-broke, and aged,

in despair and the shadows of death.

7. and a roof, vast petrific around,

on all sides he framd: like a womb;

where thousands of rivers in veins

of blood pour down the mountains to cool

the eternal fires beating without

from eternals; and like a black globe

viewd by sons of eternity, standing

on the shore of the infinite ocean

like a human heart strugling and beating

the vast world of urizen appeard.

  

152

8. and los round the dark globe of urizen,

kept watch for eternals to confine,

the obscure separation alone;

for eternity stood wide apart,

as the stars are apart from the earth

9. los wept howling around the dark demon:

and cursing his lot; for in anguish,

urizen was rent from his side;

and a fathomless void for his feet;

and intense fires for his dwelling.

10. but urizen laid in a stony sleep

unorganizd, rent from eternity

11. the eternals said: what is this? death

urizen is a clod of clay.

12. los howld in a dismal stupor,

groaning! gnashing! groaning!

till the wrenching apart was healed

13. but the wrenching of urizen heald not

cold, featureless, flesh or clay,

rifted with direful changes

he lay in a dreamless night

14. till los rouzd his fires, affrighted

at the formless unmeasurable death.

----

  

153

the book of urizen: chapter iv

<i>a</i>

1. los smitten with astonishment

frightend at the hurtling bones

2. and at the surging sulphureous

perturbed immortal mad raging

3. in whirlwinds and pitch and nitre

round the furious limbs of los

4. and los formed nets and gins

and threw the nets round about

5. he watchd in shuddring fear

the dark changes and bound every change

with rivets of iron and brass;

6. and these were the changes of urizen.

<i>b</i>.

1. ages on ages rolld over him!

in stony sleep ages rolld over him!

like a dark waste stretching changable

by earthquakes rivn, belching sullen fires

on ages rolld ages in ghastly

sick torment; around him in whirlwinds

of darkness the eternal prophet howld

beating still on his rivets of iron

pouring sodor of iron; dividing

the horrible night into watches.

2. and urizen (so his eternal name)

his prolific delight obscurd more and more

in dark secresy hiding in surgeing

sulphureous fluid his phantasies.

the eternal prophet heavd the dark bellows,

and turnd restless the tongs; and the hammer

incessant beat; forging chains new and new

numbring with links. hours, days and years

3. the eternal mind bounded began to roll

eddies of wrath ceaseless round and round,

and the sulphureous foam surgeing thick

settled, a lake, bright, and shining clear:

white as the snow on the mountains cold.

4. forgetfulness, dumbness, necessity!

in chains of the mind locked up,

like fetters of ice shrinking together

  

154

disorganizd, rent from eternity,

los beat on his fetters of iron;

and heated his furnaces and pourd

iron sodor and sodor of brass

5. restless turnd the immortal inchaind

heaving dolorous! anguishd! unbearable

till a roof shaggy wild inclosd

in an orb, his fountain of thought.

6. in a horrible dreamful slumber;

like the linked infernal chain;

a vast spine writhd in torment

upon the winds; shooting paind

ribs, like a bending cavern

and bones of solidness, froze

over all his nerves of joy.

and a first age passed over,

and a state of dismal woe.

7. from the caverns of his jointed spine,

down sunk with fright a red

round globe hot burning deep

deep down into the abyss:

panting: conglobing, trembling

shooting out ten thousand branches

around his solid bones.

and a second age passed over,

and a state of dismal woe.

8. in harrowing fear rolling round;

his nervous brain shot branches

round the branches of his heart.

on high into two little orbs

and fixed in two little caves

hiding carefully from the wind,

his eyes beheld the deep,

and a third age passed over:

and a state of dismal woe.

9. the pangs of hope began,

in heavy pain striving, struggling.

two ears in close volutions.

from beneath his orbs of vision

shot spiring out and petrified

as they grew. and a fourth age passed

and a state of dismal woe.

10. in ghastly torment sick;

hanging upon the wind;

two nostrils bent down to the deep.

and a fifth age passed over;

  

155

and a state of dismal woe.

11. in ghastly torment sick;

within his ribs bloated round,

a craving hungry cavern;

thence arose his channeld throat,

and like a red flame a tongue

of thirst and of hunger appeard.

and a sixth age passed over:

and a state of dismal woe.

12. enraged and stifled with torment

he threw his right arm to the north

his left arm to the south

shooting out in anguish deep,

and his feet stampd the nether abyss

in trembling and howling and dismay.

and a seventh age passed over:

and a state of dismal woe.

----

  

156

the book of urizen: chapter ix

1. then the inhabitants of those cities:

felt their nerves change into marrow

and hardening bones began

in swift diseases and torments,

in throbbings and shootings and grindings

thro all the coasts; till weakend

the senses inward rushd shrinking,

beneath the dark net of infection.

2. till the shrunken eyes clouded over

discernd not the woven hipocrisy

but the streaky slime in their heavens

brought together by narrowing perceptions

appeard transparent air; for their eyes

grew small like the eyes of a man

and in reptile forms shrinking together

of seven feet stature they remaind

3. six days they shrunk up from existence

and on the seventh day they rested

and they blessd the seventh day, in sick hope:

and forgot their eternal life

4. and their thirty cities divided

in form of a human heart

no more could they rise at will

in the infinite void, but bound down

to earth by their narrowing perceptions

they lived a period of years

then left a noisom body

to the jaws of devouring darkness

5. and their children wept, and built

tombs in the desolate places,

and formd laws of prudence, and calld them

the eternal laws of god

6. and the thirty cities remaind

surrounded by salt floods, now calld

africa: its name was then egypt.

7. the remaining sons of urizen

beheld their brethren shrink together

beneath the net of urizen;

perswasion was in vain;

for the ears of the inhabitants,

were witherd, and deafend, and cold:

and their eyes could not discern,

their brethren of other cities.

8. so fuzon calld all together

the remaining children of urizen:

  

157

and they left the pendulous earth:

they called it egypt, and left it.

9. and the salt ocean rolled englobd.

----

  

158

the book of urizen: chapter v

1. in terrors los shrunk from his task:

his great hammer fell from his hand:

his fires beheld, and sickening,

hid their strong limbs in smoke.

for with noises ruinous loud;

with hurtlings and clashings and groans

the immortal endurd his chains,

tho bound in a deadly sleep.

2. all the myriads of eternity:

all the wisdom and joy of life:

roll like a sea around him,

except what his little orbs

of sight by degrees unfold.

3. and now his eternal life

like a dream was obliterated

4. shuddring, the eternal prophet smote

with a stroke, from his north to south region

the bellows and hammer are silent now

a nerveless silence, his prophetic voice

siezd; a cold solitude and dark void

the eternal prophet and urizen closd

5. ages on ages rolld over them

cut off from life and light frozen

into horrible forms of deformity

los sufferd his fires to decay

then he lookd back with anxious desire

but the space undivided by existence

struck horror into his soul.

6. los wept obscurd with mourning:

his bosom earthquakd with sighs;

he saw urizen deadly black,

in his chains bound, and pity began,

7. in anguish dividing and dividing

for pity divides the soul

in pangs eternity on eternity

life in cataracts pourd down his cliffs

the void shrunk the lymph into nerves

wandring wide on the bosom of night

and left a round globe of blood

trembling upon the void

thus the eternal prophet was divided

before the death-image of urizen

for in changeable clouds and darkness

in a winterly night beneath,

the abyss of los stretchd immense:

and now seen, now obscurd, to the eyes

  

159

of eternals, the visions remote

of the dark seperation appeard.

as glasses discover worlds

in the endless abyss of space,

so the expanding eyes of immortals

beheld the dark visions of los,

and the globe of life blood trembling

8. the globe of life blood trembled

branching out into roots;

fibrous, writhing upon the winds;

fibres of blood, milk and tears;

in pangs, eternity on eternity.

at length in tears and cries imbodied

a female form trembling and pale

waves before his deathy face

9. all eternity shudderd at sight

of the first female now separate

pale as a cloud of snow

waving before the face of los

10. wonder, awe, fear, astonishment,

petrify the eternal myriads;

at the first female form now separate

they calld her pity, and fled

11. "spread a tent, with strong curtains around them

"let cords and stakes bind in the void

that eternals may no more behold them"

12. they began to weave curtains of darkness

they erected large pillars round the void

with golden hooks fastend in the pillars

with infinite labour the eternals

a woof wove, and called it science

----

  

160

the book of urizen: chapter vi

1. but los saw the female and pitied

he embracd her, she wept, she refusd

in perverse and cruel delight

she fled from his arms, yet he followd

2. eternity shudderd when they saw,

man begetting his likeness,

on his own divided image.

3. a time passed over, the eternals

began to erect the tent;

when enitharmon sick,

felt a worm within her womb.

4. yet helpless it lay like a worm

in the trembling womb

to be moulded into existence

5. all day the worm lay on her bosom

all night within her womb

the worm lay till it grew to a serpent

with dolorous hissings and poisons

round enitharmons loins folding,

6. coild within enitharmons womb

the serpent grew casting its scales,

with sharp pangs the hissings began

to change to a grating cry,

many sorrows and dismal throes,

many forms of fish, bird and beast,

brought forth an infant form

where was a worm before.

7. the eternals their tent finished

alarmd with these gloomy visions

when enitharmon groaning

producd a man child to the light.

8. a shriek ran thro eternity:

and a paralytic stroke;

at the birth of the human shadow.

9. delving earth in his resistless way;

howling, the child with fierce flames

issud from enitharmon.

10. the eternals, closed the tent

they beat down the stakes the cords

stretchd for a work of eternity;

no more los beheld eternity.

11. in his hands he seizd the infant

  

161

he bathed him in springs of sorrow

he gave him to enitharmon.

----

  

162

the book of urizen: chapter vii

1. they named the child orc, he grew

fed with milk of enitharmon

2. los awoke her; o sorrow and pain!

a tightning girdle grew,

around his bosom. in sobbings

he burst the girdle in twain,

but still another girdle

opressd his bosom, in sobbings

again he burst it. again

another girdle succeeds

the girdle was formd by day;

by night was burst in twain.

3. these falling down on the rock

into an iron chain

in each other link by link lockd

4. they took orc to the top of a mountain.

o how enitharmon wept!

they chaind his young limbs to the rock

with the chain of jealousy

beneath urizens deathful shadow

5. the dead heard the voice of the child

and began to awake from sleep

all things. heard the voice of the child

and began to awake to life.

6. and urizen craving with hunger

stung with the odours of nature

explord his dens around

7. he formd a line and a plummet

to divide the abyss beneath.

he formd a dividing rule:

8. he formed scales to weigh;

he formed massy weights;

he formed a brazen quadrant;

he formed golden compasses

and began to explore the abyss

and he planted a garden of fruits

9. but los encircled enitharmon

with fires of prophecy

from the sight of urizen and orc.

10. and she bore an enormous race

----

  

163

the book of urizen: chapter viii

1. urizen explord his dens

mountain, moor, and wilderness,

with a globe of fire lighting his journey

a fearful journey, annoyd

by cruel enormities: forms

of life on his forsaken mountains

2. and his world teemd vast enormities

frightning; faithless; fawning

portions of life; similitudes

of a foot, or a hand, or a head

or a heart, or an eye, they swam mischevous

dread terrors! delighting in blood

3. most urizen sickend to see

his eternal creations appear

sons and daughters of sorrow on mountains

weeping! wailing! first thiriel appeard

astonishd at his own existence

like a man from a cloud born, and utha

from the waters emerging, laments!

grodna rent the deep earth howling

amazd! his heavens immense cracks

like the ground parchd with heat; then fuzon

flamd out! first begotten, last born.

all his eternal sons in like manner

his daughters from green herbs and cattle

from monsters, and worms of the pit.

4. he in darkness closd, viewd all his race,

and his soul sickend! he cursd

both sons and daughters; for he saw

that no flesh nor spirit could keep

his iron laws one moment.

5. for he saw that life livd upon death

the ox in the slaughter house moans

the dog at the wintry door

and he wept, and he called it pity

and his tears flowed down on the winds

6. cold he wanderd on high, over their cities

in weeping and pain and woe!

and where-ever he wanderd in sorrows

upon the aged heavens

a cold shadow followd behind him

like a spiders web, moist, cold, and dim

drawing out from his sorrowing soul

the dungeon-like heaven dividing.

where ever the footsteps of urizen

walkd over the cities in sorrow.

  

164

7. till a web dark and cold, throughout all

the tormented element stretchd

from the sorrows of urizens soul

and the web is a female in embrio

none could break the web, no wings of fire.

8. so twisted the cords, and so knotted

the meshes: twisted like to the human brain

9. and all calld it, the net of religion

----

  

165

the book of urizen: preludium

of the primeval priests assumd power,

when eternals spurnd back his religion;

and gave him a place in the north,

obscure, shadowy, void, solitary.

eternals i hear your call gladly,

dictate swift winged words, and fear not

to unfold your dark visions of torment.

----

  

166

the caverns of the grave ive seen

the caverns of the grave ive seen,

and these i showd to englands queen.

but now the caves of hell i view,

who shall i dare to show them to?

what mighty soul i 362 n beautys form

shall dauntless view the infernal storm?

egremonts countess can control

the flames of hell that round me roll;

if she refuse, i still go on

till the heavens and earth are gone,

still admird by noble minds,

followd by envy on the winds,

re-engravd time after time,

ever in their youthful prime,

my designs unchangd remain.

time may rage, but rage in vain.

for above times troubled fountains,

on the great atlantic mountains,

in my golden house on high,

there they shine eternally.

----

  

167

the chimney sweeper

a little black thing in the snow,

crying weep! weep! in notes of woe!

where are thy father and mother? say!--

they are both gone up to the church to pray.

because i was happy upon the heath,

and smiled among the winters snow,

they clothed me in the clothes of death,

and taught me to sing the notes of woe.

and because i am happy and dance and sing,

they think they have done me no injury,

and are gone to praise god and his priest and king, who make up a heaven of our misery.

----

  

168

the chimney -sweeper

hi there! i see youre enjoying the site, and just wanted to extend an invitiation to register for our free site. the members of oldpoetry strive to make this a fun place to learn and share - hope you join us! - kevin

----

  

169

the chimney sweeper (innocence)

when my mother died i was very young,

and my father sold me while yet my tongue,

could scarcely cry weep weep weep weep,

so your chimneys i sweep andamp; in soot i sleep.

theres little tom dacre, who cried when his head

that curled like a lambs back was shavd, so i said.

hush tom never mind it, for when your heads bare, you know that the soot cannot spoil your white hair and so he was quiet. andamp; that very night.

as tom was a sleeping he had such a sight

that thousands of sweepers dick, joe, ned, andamp; jack were all of them lockd up in coffins of black,

and by came an angel who had a bright key

and he opend the coffins andamp; set them all free.

then down a green plain leaping laughing they run and wash in a river and shine in the sun.

then naked andamp; white, all their bags left behind.

they rise upon clouds, and sport in the wind.

and the angel told tom, if hed be a good boy,

hed have god for his father andamp; never want joy.

and so tom awoke and we rose in the dark

and got with our bags andamp; our brushes to work.

tho the morning was cold, tom was happy andamp; warm so if all do their duty, they need not fear harm.

----

  

170

the chimney-sweeper

when my mother died i was very young,

and my father sold me while yet my tongue

could scarcely cry weep! weep! weep! weep!

so your chimneys i sweep, and in soot i sleep.

theres little tom dacre, who cried when his head, that curled like a lambs back, was shaved; so i said,

hush, tom! never mind it, for, when your heads bare, you know that the soot cannot spoil your white hair.

and so he was quiet, and that very night,

as tom was a-sleeping, he had such a sight! --

that thousands of sweepers, dick, joe, ned, and jack, were all of them locked up in coffins of black.

and by came an angel, who had a bright key,

and he opened the coffins, and let them all free; then down a green plain, leaping, laughing, they run, and wash in a river, and shine in the sun.

then naked and white, all their bags left behind, they rise upon clouds, and sport in the wind;

and the angel told tom, if hed be a good boy,

hed have god for his father, and never want joy.

and so tom awoke, and we rose in the dark,

and got with our bags and our brushes to work.

though the morning was cold, tom was happy and warm: so, if all do their duty, they need not fear harm.

----

  

171

the chimney-sweeper (experience)

a little black thing among the snow:

crying weep, weep, in notes of woe!

where are thy father andamp; mother? say?

they are both gone up to the church to pray.

because i was happy upon the heath.

and smild among the winters snow:

they clothed me in the clothes of death.

and taught me to sing the notes of woe.

and because i am happy. andamp; dance andamp; sing.

they think they have done me no injury:

and are gone to praise god andamp; his priest andamp; king, who made up a heaven of our misery.

----

  

172

the clod andamp; the pebble

love seeketh not itself to please.

nor for itself hath any care;

but for another gives its ease.

and builds a heaven in hells despair.

so sung a little clod of clay,

trodden with the cattles feet;

but a pebble of the brook.

warbled out these metres meet.

love seeketh only self to please,

to bind another to its delight;

joys in anothers loss of ease.

and builds a hell in heavens despite.

----

  

173

the clod and the pebble

love seeketh not itself to please,

nor for itself hath any care,

but for another gives its ease,

and builds a heaven in hells despair.

so sung a little clod of clay,

trodden with the cattles feet;

but a pebble of the brook

warbled out these meters meet:

love seeketh only self to please,

to bind another to its delight,

joys in anothers loss of ease,

and builds a hell in heavens despite.

----

  

174

the crystal cabinet

the maiden caught me in the wild,

where i was dancing merrily;

she put me into her cabinet,

and lockd me up with a golden key.

this cabinet is formd of gold

and pearl and crystal shining bright,

and within it opens into a world

and a little lovely moony night.

another england there i saw

another london with its tower,

another thames and other hills,

and another pleasant surrey bower.

another maiden like herself,

translucent, lovely, shining clear,

threefold each in the other closd

o, what a pleasant trembling fear!

o, what a smile! a threefold smile

filld me, that like a flame i burnd;

i bent to kiss the lovely maid,

and found a threefold kiss returnd.

i strove to seize the inmost form

with ardor fierce and hands of flame,

but burst the crystal cabinet,

and like a weeping babe became--

a weeping babe upon the wild,

and weeping woman pale reclind,

and in the outward air again,

i filld with woes the passing wind.

.

----

  

175

the divine image

to mercy, pity, peace, and love

all pray in their distress;

and to these virtues of delight

return their thankfulness.

for mercy, pity, peace, and love

is god, our father dear,

and mercy, pity, peace, and love

is man, his child and care.

for mercy has a human heart,

pity a human face,

and love, the human form divine,

and peace, the human dress.

then every man, of every clime,

that prays in his distress,

prays to the human form divine,

love, mercy, pity, peace.

and all must love the human form,

in heathen, turk, or jew;

where mercy, love, and pity dwell

there god is dwelling too.

----

  

176

the echoing green

the sun does arise,

and make happy the skies;

the merry bells ring

to welcome the spring;

----

  

177

the everlasting gospel

the vision of christ that thou dost see

is my vision’s greatest enemy.

thine has a great hook nose like thine;

mine has a snub nose like to mine.

thine is the friend of all mankind;

mine speaks in parables to the blind.

thine loves the same world that mine hates;

thy heaven doors are my hell gates.

socrates taught what meletus

loath’d as a nation’s bitterest curse,

and caiaphas was in his own mind

a benefactor to mankind.

both read the bible day and night,

but thou read’st black where i read white.

was jesus gentle, or did he

give any marks of gentility?

when twelve years old he ran away,

and left his parents in dismay.

when after three days’ sorrow found,

loud as sinai’s trumpet-sound:

‘no earthly parents i confess—

my heavenly father’s business!

ye understand not what i say,

and, angry, force me to obey.

obedience is a duty then,

and favour gains with god and men.’

john from the wilderness loud cried;

satan gloried in his pride.

‘come,’ said satan, ‘come away,

i’ll soon see if you’ll obey!

john for disobedience bled,

but you can turn the stones to bread.

god’s high king and god’s high priest

shall plant their glories in your breast,

if caiaphas you will obey,

if herod you with bloody prey

feed with the sacrifice, and be

obedient, fall down, worship me.’

thunders and lightnings broke around,

and jesus’ voice in thunders’ sound:

‘thus i seize the spiritual prey.

ye smiters with disease, make way.

i come your king and god to seize,

is god a smiter with disease?’

the god of this world rag’d in vain:

he bound old satan in his chain,

and, bursting forth, his furious ire

became a chariot of fire.

throughout the land he took his course,

and trac’d diseases to their source.

he curs’d the scribe and pharisee,

  

178

trampling down hypocrisy.

where’er his chariot took its way,

there gates of death let in the day,

broke down from every chain and bar;

and satan in his spiritual war

dragg’d at his chariot-wheels: loud howl’d

the god of this world: louder roll’d

the chariot-wheels, and louder still

his voice was heard from zion’s hill,

and in his hand the scourge shone bright;

he scourg’d the merchant canaanite

from out the temple of his mind,

and in his body tight does bind

satan and all his hellish crew;

and thus with wrath he did subdue

the serpent bulk of nature’s dross,

till he had nail’d it to the cross.

he took on sin in the virgin’s womb

and put it off on the cross and tomb

to be worshipp’d by the church of rome.

was jesus humble? or did he

give any proofs of humility?

boast of high things with humble tone,

and give with charity a stone?

when but a child he ran away,

and left his parents in dismay.

when they had wander’d three days long

these were the words upon his tongue:

‘no earthly parents i confess:

i am doing my father’s business.’

when the rich learned pharisee

came to consult him secretly,

upon his heart with iron pen

he wrote ‘ye must be born again.’

he was too proud to take a bribe;

he spoke with authority, not like a scribe.

he says with most consummate art

‘follow me, i am meek and lowly of heart,

as that is the only way to escape

the miser’s net and the glutton’s trap.’

what can be done with such desperate fools

who follow after the heathen schools?

i was standing by when jesus died;

what i call’d humility, they call’d pride.

he who loves his enemies betrays his friends.

this surely is not what jesus intends;

but the sneaking pride of heroic schools,

and the scribes’ and pharisees’ virtuous rules;

for he acts with honest, triumphant pride,

and this is the cause that jesus dies.

he did not die with christian ease,

  

179

asking pardon of his enemies:

if he had, caiaphas would forgive;

sneaking submission can always live.

he had only to say that god was the devil,

and the devil was god, like a christian civil;

mild christian regrets to the devil confess

for affronting him thrice in the wilderness;

he had soon been bloody caesar’s elf,

and at last he would have been caesar himself,

like dr. priestly and bacon and newton—

poor spiritual knowledge is not worth a button

for thus the gospel sir isaac confutes:

‘god can only be known by his attributes;

and as for the indwelling of the holy ghost,

or of christ and his father, it’s all a boast

and pride, and vanity of the imagination,

that disdains to follow this world’s fashion.’

to teach doubt and experiment

certainly was not what christ meant.

what was he doing all that time,

from twelve years old to manly prime?

was he then idle, or the less

about his father’s business?

or was his wisdom held in scorn

before his wrath began to burn

in miracles throughout the land,

that quite unnerv’d the seraph band?

if he had been antichrist, creeping jesus,

he’d have done anything to please us;

gone sneaking into synagogues,

and not us’d the elders and priests like dogs;

but humble as a lamb or ass

obey’d himself to caiaphas.

god wants not man to humble himself:

that is the trick of the ancient elf.

this is the race that jesus ran:

humble to god, haughty to man,

cursing the rulers before the people

even to the temple’s highest steeple,

and when he humbled himself to god

then descended the cruel rod.

‘if thou humblest thyself, thou humblest me.

thou also dwell’st in eternity.

thou art a man: god is no more:

thy own humanity learn to adore,

for that is my spirit of life.

awake, arise to spiritual strife,

and thy revenge abroad display

in terrors at the last judgement day.

god’s mercy and long suffering

is but the sinner to judgement to bring.

thou on the cross for them shalt pray—

  

180

and take revenge at the last day.’

jesus replied, and thunders hurl’d:

‘i never will pray for the world.

once i did so when i pray’d in the garden;

i wish’d to take with me a bodily pardon.’

can that which was of woman born,

in the absence of the morn,

when the soul fell into sleep,

and archangels round it weep,

shooting out against the light

fibres of a deadly night,

reasoning upon its own dark fiction,

in doubt which is self-contradiction?

humility is only doubt,

and does the sun and moon blot out,

rooting over with thorns and stems

the buried soul and all its gems.

this life’s five windows of the soul

distorts the heavens from pole to pole,

and leads you to believe a lie

when you see with, not thro’, the eye

that was born in a night, to perish in a night,

when the soul slept in the beams of light.

did jesus teach doubt? or did he

give any lessons of philosophy,

charge visionaries with deceiving,

or call men wise for not believing?…

was jesus born of a virgin pure

with narrow soul and looks demure?

if he intended to take on sin

the mother should an harlot been,

just such a one as magdalen,

with seven devils in her pen.

or were jew virgins still more curs’d,

and more sucking devils nurs’d?

or what was it which he took on

that he might bring salvation?

a body subject to be tempted,

from neither pain nor grief exempted;

or such a body as might not feel

the passions that with sinners deal?

yes, but they say he never fell.

ask caiaphas; for he can tell.—

‘he mock’d the sabbath, and he mock’d

the sabbath’s god, and he unlock’d

the evil spirits from their shrines,

and turn’d fishermen to divines;

o’erturn’d the tent of secret sins,

and its golden cords and pins,

in the bloody shrine of war

  

181

pour’d around from star to star,—

halls of justice, hating vice,

where the devil combs his lice.

he turn’d the devils into swine

that he might tempt the jews to dine;

since which, a pig has got a look

that for a jew may be mistook.

“obey your parents.”—what says he?

“woman, what have i to do with thee?

no earthly parents i confess:

i am doing my father’s business.”

he scorn’d earth’s parents, scorn’d earth’s god,

and mock’d the one and the other’s rod;

his seventy disciples sent

against religion and government—

they by the sword of justice fell,

and him their cruel murderer tell.

he left his father’s trade to roam,

a wand’ring vagrant without home;

and thus he others’ labour stole,

that he might live above control.

the publicans and harlots he

selected for his company,

and from the adulteress turn’d away

god’s righteous law, that lost its prey.’

was jesus chaste? or did he

give any lessons of chastity?

the morning blushed fiery red:

mary was found in adulterous bed;

earth groan’d beneath, and heaven above

trembled at discovery of love.

jesus was sitting in moses’ chair.

they brought the trembling woman there.

moses commands she be ston’d to death.

what was the sound of jesus’ breath?

he laid his hand on moses’ law;

the ancient heavens, in silent awe,

writ with curses from pole to pole,

all away began to roll.

the earth trembling and naked lay

in secret bed of mortal clay;

on sinai felt the hand divine

pulling back the bloody shrine;

and she heard the breath of god,

as she heard by eden’s flood:

‘good and evil are no more!

sinai’s trumpets cease to roar!

cease, finger of god, to write!

the heavens are not clean in thy sight.

thou art good, and thou alone;

nor may the sinner cast one stone.

to be good only, is to be

  

182

a god or else a pharisee.

thou angel of the presence divine,

that didst create this body of mine,

wherefore hast thou writ these laws

and created hell’s dark jaws?

my presence i will take from thee:

a cold leper thou shalt be.

tho’ thou wast so pure and bright

that heaven was impure in thy sight,

tho’ thy oath turn’d heaven pale,

tho’ thy covenant built hell’s jail,

tho’ thou didst all to chaos roll

with the serpent for its soul,

still the breath divine does move,

and the breath divine is love.

mary, fear not! let me see

the seven devils that torment thee.

hide not from my sight thy sin,

that forgiveness thou may’st win.

has no man condemned thee?’

‘no man, lord.’ ‘then what is he

who shall accuse thee? come ye forth,

fallen fiends of heavenly birth,

that have forgot your ancient love,

and driven away my trembling dove.

you shall bow before her feet;

you shall lick the dust for meat;

and tho’ you cannot love, but hate,

shall be beggars at love’s gate.

what was thy love? let me see it;

was it love or dark deceit?’

‘love too long from me has fled;

’twas dark deceit, to earn my bread;

’twas covet, or ’twas custom, or

some trifle not worth caring for;

that they may call a shame and sin

love’s temple that god dwelleth in,

and hide in secret hidden shrine

the naked human form divine,

and render that a lawless thing

on which the soul expands its wing.

but this, o lord, this was my sin,

when first i let these devils in,

in dark pretence to chastity

blaspheming love, blaspheming thee,

thence rose secret adulteries,

and thence did covet also rise.

my sin thou hast forgiven me;

canst thou forgive my blasphemy?

canst thou return to this dark hell,

and in my burning bosom dwell?

and canst thou die that i may live?

  

183

and canst thou pity and forgive?’

then roll’d the shadowy man away

from the limbs of jesus, to make them his prey,

an ever devouring appetite,

glittering with festering venoms bright;

crying ‘crucify this cause of distress,

who don’t keep the secrets of holiness!

the mental powers by diseases we bind;

but he heals the deaf, the dumb, and the blind.

whom god has afflicted for secret ends,

he comforts and heals and calls them friends.’

but, when jesus was crucified,

then was perfected his galling pride.

in three nights he devour’d his prey,

and still he devours the body of clay;

for dust and clay is the serpent’s meat,

which never was made for man to eat.

seeing this false christ, in fury and passion

i made my voice heard all over the nation.

what are those…

i am sure this jesus will not do,

either for englishman or jew.

----

  

184

the fly

little fly,

thy summers play

my thoughtless hand

has brushed away.

am not i

a fly like thee?

or art not thou

a man like me?

for i dance

and drink, and sing,

till some blind hand

shall brush my wing.

if thought is life

and strength and breath

and the want

of thought is death;

then am i

a happy fly,

if i live,

or if i die.

----

  

185

the four zoas (excerpt)

what is the price of experience? do men buy it for a song?

or wisdom for a dance in the street? no, it is bought with the price of all that a man hath, his house, his wife, his children.

wisdom is sold in the desolate market where none come to buy, and in the witherd field where the farmer plows for bread in vain.

it is an easy thing to triumph in the summers sun and in the vintage and to sing on the waggon loaded with corn.

it is an easy thing to talk of patience to the afflicted, to speak the laws of prudence to the houseless wanderer, to listen to the hungry ravens cry in wintry season when the red blood is filld with wine and with the marrow of lambs.

it is an easy thing to laugh at wrathful elements, to hear the dog howl at the wintry door, the ox in the slaughter house moan; to see a god on every wind and a blessing on every blast; to hear sounds of love in the thunder storm that destroys our enemies house; to rejoice in the blight that covers his field, and the sickness that cuts off his children, while our olive and vine sing and laugh round our door, and our children bring fruits and flowers.

then the groan and the dolor are quite forgotten, and the slave grinding at the mill, and the captive in chains, and the poor in the prison, and the soldier in the field when the shatterd bone hath laid him groaning among the happier dead.

it is an easy thing to rejoice in the tents of prosperity: thus could i sing and thus rejoice: but it is not so with me.

compel the poor to live upon a crust of bread, by soft mild arts.

smile when they frown, frown when they smile; and when a man looks pale with labour and abstinence, say he looks healthy and happy; and when his children sicken, let them die; there are enough born, even too many, and our earth will be overrun without these arts. if you would make the poor live with temper, with pomp give every crust of bread you give; with gracious cunning magnify small gifts; reduce the man to want a gift, and then give with pomp.

say he smiles if you hear him sigh. if pale, say he is ruddy.

preach temperance: say he is overgorgd and drowns his wit in strong drink, though you know that bread and water are all he can afford. flatter his wife, pity his children, till we can reduce all to our will, as spaniels are taught with art.

the sun has left his blackness and has found a fresher morning, and the mild moon rejoices in the clear and cloudless night, and man walks forth from midst of the fires: the evil is all consumd.

his eyes behold the angelic spheres arising night and day; the stars consumd like a lamp blown out, and in their stead, behold the expanding eyes of man behold the depths of wondrous worlds!

one earth, one sea beneath; nor erring globes wander, but stars of fire rise up nightly from the ocean; and one sun each morning, like a new born man, issues with songs and joy calling the plowman to his labour and the shepherd to his rest.

  

186

he walks upon the eternal mountains, raising his heavenly voice, conversing with the animal forms of wisdom night and day, that, risen from the sea of fire, renewd walk oer the earth; for tharmas brought his flocks upon the hills, and in the vales around the eternal mans bright tent, the little children play among the woolly flocks. the hammer of urthona sounds in the deep caves beneath; his limbs renewd, his lions roar around the furnaces and in evening sport upon the plains.

they raise their faces from the earth, conversing with the man:

how is it we have walkd through fires and yet are not consumd?

how is it that all things are changd, even as in ancient times?

----

  

187

the french revolution (excerpt)

thee the ancientest peer, duke of burgundy, rose from the monarchs right hand, red as wines

from his mountains; an odor of war, like a ripe vineyard, rose from his garments, and the chamber became as a clouded sky; oer the council he stretchd his red limbs, clothd in flames of crimson; as a ripe vineyard stretches over sheaves of corn, the fierce duke hung over the council; around him crowd, weeping in his burning robe, a bright cloud of infant souls; his words fall like purple autumn on the sheaves:

shall this marble built heaven become a clay cottage, this earth an oak stool and these mowers

from the atlantic mountains mow down all this great starry harvest of six thousand years?

92 and shall necker, the hind of geneva, stretch out his crookd sickle oer fertile france

93 till our purple and crimson is faded to russet, and the kingdoms of earth bound in sheaves,

94 and the ancient forests of chivalry hewn, and the joys of the combat burnt for fuel;

95 till the power and dominion is rent from the pole, sword and sceptre from sun and moon,

96 the law and gospel from fire and air, and eternal reason and science 97 from the deep and the solid, and man lay his faded head down on the rock 98 of eternity, where the eternal lion and eagle remain to devour?

99 this to prevent--urgd by cries in day, and prophetic dreams hovering in night, 100 to enrich the lean earth that craves, furrowd with plows, whose seed is departing from her--

101 thy nobles have gatherd thy starry hosts round this rebellious city, 102 to rouze up the ancient forests of europe, with clarions of cloud breathing war, 103 to hear the horse neigh to the drum and trumpet, and the trumpet and war shout reply.

104 stretch the hand that beckons the eagles of heaven; they cry over paris, and wait

105 till fayette point his finger to versailles; the eagles of heaven must have their prey!

106 he ceasd, and burnd silent; red clouds roll round necker; a weeping is heard oer the palace.

107 like a dark cloud necker pausd, and like thunder on the just mans burial day he pausd;

108 silent sit the winds, silent the meadows, while the husbandman and woman of weakness

109 and bright children look after him into the grave, and water his clay with love, 110 then turn towards pensive fields; so necker pausd, and his visage was covered with clouds.

111 the king leand on his mountains, then lifted his head and lookd on his armies, that shone

112 through heaven, tinging morning with beams of blood; then turning to burgundy, troubled:

113 burgundy, thou wast born a lion! my soul is oergrown with distress.

114 for the nobles of france, and dark mists roll round me and blot the writing of god

115 written in my bosom. necker rise! leave the kingdom, thy life is surrounded with snares.

  

188

116 we have calld an assembly, but not to destroy; we have given gifts, not to the weak;

117 i hear rushing of muskets, and brightning of swords, and visages reddning with war,

118 frowning and looking up from brooding villages and every darkning city.

119 ancient wonders frown over the kingdom, and cries of women and babes are heard,

120 and tempests of doubt roll around me, and fierce sorrows, because of the nobles of france.

121 depart! answer not! for the tempest must fall, as in years that are passed away.

a wholly owned subsidiary of emule.com . privacy policy . ad

----

  

189

the garden of love

i laid me down upon a bank,

where love lay sleeping;

i heard among the rushes dank

weeping, weeping.

then i went to the heath and the wild,

to the thistles and thorns of the waste;

and they told me how they were beguiled,

driven out, and compelled to the chaste.

i went to the garden of love,

and saw what i never had seen;

a chapel was built in the midst,

where i used to play on the green.

and the gates of this chapel were shut

and thou shalt not, writ over the door;

so i turned to the garden of love

that so many sweet flowers bore.

and i saw it was filled with graves,

and tombstones where flowers should be;

and priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, and binding with briars my joys and desires.

----

  

190

the grey monk

1 i die, i die! the mother said,

2 my children die for lack of bread.

3 what more has the merciless tyrant said?

4 the monk sat down on the stony bed.

5 the blood red ran from the grey monks side, 6 his hands and feet were wounded wide,

7 his body bent, his arms and knees

8 like to the roots of ancient trees.

9 his eye was dry; no tear could flow:

10 a hollow groan first spoke his woe.

11 he trembled and shudderd upon the bed;

12 at length with a feeble cry he said:

13 when god commanded this hand to write

14 in the studious hours of deep midnight,

15 he told me the writing i wrote should prove

16 the bane of all that on earth i lovd.

17 my brother starvd between two walls,

18 his childrens cry my soul appalls;

19 i mockd at the rack and griding chain,

20 my bent body mocks their torturing pain.

21 thy father drew his sword in the north,

22 with his thousands strong he marched forth;

23 thy brother has armd himself in steel

24 to avenge the wrongs thy children feel.

25 but vain the sword and vain the bow,

26 they never can work wars overthrow.

27 the hermits prayer and the widows tear

28 alone can free the world from fear.

29 for a tear is an intellectual thing,

30 and a sigh is the sword of an angel king,

31 and the bitter groan of the martyrs woe

32 is an arrow from the almightys bow.

33 the hand of vengeance found the bed

34 to which the purple tyrant fled;

35 the iron hand crushd the tyrants head

36 and became a tyrant in his stead.

----

  

191

the grey monk (excerpts)

"i die, i die!" the mother said,

"my children die for lack of bread.

what more has the merciless tyrant said?"

the monk sat down on the stony bed.

the blood red ran from the grey monks side,

his hands and feet were wounded wide,

his body bent, his arms and knees

like to the roots of ancient trees.

his eye was dry; no tear could flow:

a hollow groan first spoke his woe.

he trembled and shudderd upon the bed;

at length with a feeble cry he said:

"when god commanded this hand to write

in the studious hours of deep midnight,

he told me the writing i wrote should prove

the bane of all that on earth i lovd.

my brother starvd between two walls,

his childrens cry my soul appalls;

i mockd at the rack and griding chain,

my bent body mocks their torturing pain.

thy father drew his sword in the north,

with his thousands strong he marched forth;

thy brother has armd himself in steel

to avenge the wrongs thy children feel.

but vain the sword and vain the bow,

they never can work wars overthrow.

the hermits prayer and the widows tear

alone can free the world from fear.

for a tear is an intellectual thing,

and a sigh is the sword of an angel king,

and the bitter groan of the martyrs woe

is an arrow from the almightys bow.

the hand of vengeance found the bed

to which the purple tyrant fled;

the iron hand crushd the tyrants head

and became a tyrant in his stead."

----

  

192

the human abstract

pity would be no more

if we did not make somebody poor;

and mercy no more could be

if all were as happy as we.

and mutual fear brings peace,

till the selfish loves increase:

then cruelty knits a snare,

and spreads his baits with care.

he sits down with holy fears,

and waters the grounds with tears;

then humility takes its root

underneath his foot.

soon spreads the dismal shade

of mystery over his head;

and the catterpiller and fly

feed on the mystery.

and it bears the fruit of deceit,

ruddy and sweet to eat;

and the raven his nest has made

in its thickest shade.

the gods of the earth and sea

sought thro nature to find this tree;

but their search was all in vain:

there grows one in the human brain.

----

  

193

the lamb

little lamb, who made thee?

dost thou know who made thee?

gave thee life, and bid thee feed,

by the stream and oer the mead;

gave thee clothing of delight,

softest clothing, woolly, bright;

gave thee such a tender voice,

making all the vales rejoice?

little lamb, who made thee?

dost thou know who made thee?

little lamb, ill tell thee,

little lamb, ill tell thee.

he is called by thy name,

for he calls himself a lamb.

he is meek, and he is mild;

he became a little child.

i a child, and thou a lamb,

we are called by his name.

little lamb, god bless thee!

little lamb, god bless thee!

----

  

194

the land of dreams

awake, awake, my little boy!

thou wast thy mothers only joy;

why dost thou weep in thy gentle sleep?

awake! thy father does thee keep.

o, what land is the land of dreams?

what are its mountains, and what are its streams?

o father! i saw my mother there,

among the lilies by waters fair.

among the lambs, cloth?d in white,

she walkd with her thomas in sweet delight.

i wept for joy, like a dove i mourn;

o! when shall i again return?

dear child, i also by pleasant streams

have wanderd all night in the land of dreams;

but tho calm and warm the waters wide,

i could not get to the other side.

father, o father! what do we here

in this land of unbelief and fear?

the land of dreams is better far

above the light of the morning star.

----

  

195

the lilly

the modest rose puts forth a thorn,

the humble sheep a threatning horn:

while the lily white shall in love delight,

nor a thorn nor a threat stain her beauty bright.

----

  

196

the lily

the modest rose puts forth a thorn,

the humble sheep a threatning horn:

while the lily white shall in love delight,

nor a thorn nor a threat stain her beauty bright.

----

  

197

the little black boy

my mother bore me in the southern wild,

and i am black, but oh my soul is white!

white as an angel is the english child,

but i am black, as if bereaved of light.

my mother taught me underneath a tree,

and, sitting down before the heat of day,

she took me on her lap and kissed me,

and, pointed to the east, began to say:

look on the rising sun: there god does live,

and gives his light, and gives his heat away,

and flowers and trees and beasts and men receive comfort in morning, joy in the noonday.

and we are put on earth a little space,

that we may learn to bear the beams of love

and these black bodies and this sunburnt face

is but a cloud, and like a shady grove.

for when our souls have learnd the heat to bear, the cloud will vanish, we shall hear his voice, saying, come out from the grove, my love and care and round my golden tent like lambs rejoice,

thus did my mother say, and kissed me;

and thus i say to little english boy.

when i from black and he from white cloud free,

and round the tent of god like lambs we joy

ill shade him from the heat till he can bear

to lean in joy upon our fathers knee;

and then ill stand and stroke his silver hair,

and be like him, and he will then love me.

----

  

198

the little boy found

the little boy lost in the lonely fen,

led by the wandering light,

began to cry, but god, ever nigh,

appeared like his father, in white.

he kissed the child, and by the hand led,

and to his mother brought,

who in sorrow pale, through the lonely dale,

the little boy weeping sought.

----

  

199

the little boy lost

father, father, where are you going?

oh do not walk so fast!

speak, father, speak to you little boy,

or else i shall be lost.

the night was dark, no father was there,

the child was wet with dew;

the mire was deep, and the child did weep,

and away the vapour flew.

----

  

200

the little girl found

all the night in woe,

lycas parents go:

over vallies deep.

while the desarts weep.

tired and woe-begone.

hoarse with making moan:

arm in arm seven days.

they tracd the desert ways.

seven nights they sleep.

among shadows deep:

and dream they see their child

starvdd in desart wild.

pale thro pathless ways

the fancied image strays.

famishd, weeping, weak

with hollow piteous shriek

rising from unrest,

the trembling woman prest,

with feet of weary woe;

she could no further go.

in his arms he bore.

her armd with sorrow sore:

till before their way

a couching lion lay.

turning back was vain,

soon his heavy mane.

bore them to the ground;

then he stalkd around.

smelling to his prey,

but their fears allay,

when he licks their hands:

and silent by them stands.

they look upon his eyes

filld with deep surprise:

and wondering behold.

a spirit armd in gold.

on his head a crown

on his shoulders down,

flowd his golden hair.

gone was all their care.

follow me he said,

weep not for the maid;

  

201

in my palace deep.

lyca lies asleep.

then they followed,

where the vision led;

and saw their sleeping child,

among tygers wild.

to this day they dwell

in a lonely dell

nor fear the wolvish howl,

nor the lions growl.

----

  

202

the little girl lost

in futurity

i prophesy see.

that the earth from sleep.

(grave the sentence deep)

shall arise and seek

for her maker meek:

and the desart wild

become a garden mild.

in the southern clime,

where the summers prime

never fades away;

lovely lyca lay.

seven summers old

lovely lyca told,

she had wandered long.

hearing wild birds song.

sweet sleep come to me

underneath this tree;

do father, mother weep.--

"where can lyca sleep".

lost in desert wild

is your little child.

how can lyca sleep.

if her mother weep.

if her heart does ake.

then let lyca wake;

if my mother sleep,

lyca shall not weep.

frowning, frowning night,

oer this desert bright.

let thy moon arise.

while i close my eyes.

sleeping lyca lay:

while the beasts of prey,

come from caverns deep,

viewd the maid asleep

the kingly lion stood

and the virgin viewd:

then he gambolled round

oer the hallowed ground:

leopards, tygers play,

round her as she lay;

  

203

while the lion old,

bowd his mane of gold,

and her bosom lick,

and upon her neck,

from his eyes of flame,

ruby tears there came;

while the lioness

loosd her slender dress,

and naked they conveyd

to caves the sleeping maid.

----

  

204

the little vagabond

dear mother, dear mother, the church is cold, but the ale-house is healthy and pleasant and warm; besides i can tell where i am used well,

such usage in heaven will never do well.

but if at the church they would give us some ale, and a pleasant fire our souls to regale,

wed sing and wed pray all the live-long day, nor ever once wish from the church to stray.

then the parson might preach, and drink, and sing, and wed be as happy as birds in the spring;

and modest dame lurch, who is always at church, would not have bandy children, nor fasting, nor birch.

and god, like a father rejoicing to see

his children as pleasant and happy as he,

would have no more quarrel with the devil or the barrel, but kiss him, and give him both drink and apparel.

----

  

205

the marriage of heaven and

the argument.

rintrah roars and shakes his fires in the burdend air; hungry clouds swag on the deep

once meek, and in a perilous path,

the just man kept his course along

the vale of death.

roses are planted where thorns grow.

and on the barren heath

sing the honey bees.

then the perilous path was planted:

and a river, and a spring

on every cliff and tomb;

and on the bleached bones

red clay brought forth.

till the villain left the paths of ease,

to walk in perilous paths, and drive

the just man into barren climes.

now the sneaking serpent walks

in mild humility.

and the just man rages in the wilds

where lions roam.

rintrah roars and shakes his fires in the burdend air; hungry clouds swag on the deep.

____________________________________________

plate 3

as a new heaven is begun, and it is now thirty-three years since its advent: the eternal hell revives. and lo! swedenborg is the angel sitting at the tomb; his writings are the linen clothes folded up. now is the dominion of edom, and the return of adam into paradise; see isaiah xxxiv and xxxv chap:

without contraries is no progression. attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence.

from these contraries spring what the religious call good and evil. good is the passive that obeys reason[.] evil is the active springing from energy.

good is heaven. evil is hell.

plate 4

the voice of the devil

all bibles or sacred codes. have been the causes of the

  

206

following errors.

that man has two real existing principles viz: a body and a soul.

that energy. calld evil. is alone from the body. and that reason. calld good. is alone from the soul.

that god will torment man in eternity for following his energies.

but the following contraries to these are true

man has no body distinct from his soul for that calld body is a portion of soul discernd by the five senses. the chief inlets of soul in this age

energy is the only life and is from the body and reason is the bound or outward circumference of energy.

energy is eternal delight

_______________________________________

plate 5

those who restrain desire, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained; and the restrainer or reason usurps its place and governs the unwilling.

and being restraind it by degrees becomes passive till it is only the shadow of desire.

the history of this is written in paradise lost. and the governor or reason is calld messiah.

and the original archangel or possessor of the command of the heavenly host, is calld the devil or satan and his children are calld sin and death

but in the book of job miltons messiah is calld satan.

for this history has been adopted by both parties it indeed appeard to reason as if desire was cast out. but the devils account is, that the messi[pl 6]ah fell. and formed a heaven of what he stole from the abyss

this is shewn in the gospel, where he prays to the father to send the comforter or desire that reason may have ideas to build on, the jehovah of the bible being no other than he, who dwells in flaming fire.

know that after christs death, he became jehovah.

but in milton; the father is destiny, the son, a ratio of the five senses. and the holy-ghost, vacuum!

note. the reason milton wrote in fetters when he wrote of angels and god, and at liberty when of devils and hell, is because he was a true poet and of the devils party without knowing it a memorable fancy.

as i was walking among the fires of hell, delighted with the enjoyments of genius; which to angels look like torment and

  

207

insanity. i collected some of their proverbs: thinking that as the sayings used in a nation, mark its character, so the proverbs of hell, shew the nature of infernal wisdom better than any description of buildings or garments.

when i came home; on the abyss of the five senses, where a flat sided steep frowns over the present world. i saw a mighty devil folded in black clouds, hovering on the sides of the rock, with cor[pl 7]roding fires he wrote the following sentence now percieved by the minds of men, and read by them on earth.

how do you know but evry bird that cuts the airy way, is an immense world of delight, closd by your senses five?

proverbs of hell.

in seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.

drive your cart and your plow over the bones of the dead.

the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.

prudence is a rich ugly old maid courted by incapacity.

he who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.

the cut worm forgives the plow.

dip him in the river who loves water.

a fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.

he whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.

eternity is in love with the productions of time.

the busy bee has no time for sorrow.

the hours of folly are measurd by the clock, but of wisdom: no clock can measure.

all wholsom food is caught without a net or a trap.

bring out number weight and measure in a year of dearth.

no bird soars too high. if he soars with his own wings.

a dead body. revenges not injuries.

the most sublime act is to set another before you.

if the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise folly is the cloke of knavery.

shame is prides cloke.

plate 8

prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of

  

208

religion.

the pride of the peacock is the glory of god.

the lust of the goat is the bounty of god.

the wrath of the lion is the wisdom of god.

the nakedness of woman is the work of god.

excess of sorrow laughs. excess of joy weeps.

the roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea, and the destructive sword. are portions of eternity too great for the eye of man.

the fox condemns the trap, not himself.

joys impregnate. sorrows bring forth.

let man wear the fell of the lion. woman the fleece of the sheep.

the bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.

the selfish smiling fool. and the sullen frowning fool. shall be both thought wise. that they may be a rod.

what is now proved was once, only imagind.

the rat, the mouse, the fox, the rabbet; watch the roots, the lion, the tyger, the horse, the elephant, watch the fruits.

the cistern contains: the fountain overflows

one thought. fills immensity.

always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.

every thing possible to be believd is an image of truth.

the eagle never lost so much time, as when he submitted to learn of the crow.

plate 9

the fox provides for himself. but god provides for the lion.

think in the morning, act in the noon, eat in the evening, sleep in the night.

he who has sufferd you to impose on him knows you.

as the plow follows words, so god rewards prayers.

the tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction expect poison from the standing water.

you never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.

  

209

listen to the fools reproach! it is a kingly title!

the eyes of fire, the nostrils of air, the mouth of water, the beard of earth.

the weak in courage is strong in cunning.

the apple tree never asks the beech how he shall grow, nor the lion. the horse; how he shall take his prey.

the thankful reciever bears a plentiful harvest.

if others bad not been foolish. we should be so.

the soul of sweet delight. can never be defild,

when thou seest an eagle, thou seest a portion of genius. lift up thy head!

as the catterpiller chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.

to create a little flower is the labour of ages.

damn. braces: bless relaxes.

the best wine is the oldest. the best water the newest.

prayers plow not! praises reap not!

joys laugh not! sorrows weep not!

plate 10

the head sublime, the heart pathos, the genitals beauty, the hands and feet proportion.

as the air to a bird or the sea to a fish, so is contempt to the contemptible.

the crow wishd every thing was black, the owl, that every thing was white.

exuberance is beauty.

if the lion was advised by the fox. he would be cunning.

improvement makes strait roads, but the crooked roads without improvement, are roads of genius.

sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires where man is not nature is barren.

truth can never be told so as to be understood, and not be believd.

  

210

enough! or too much plate 11

the ancient poets animated all sensible objects with gods or geniuses calling them by the names and adorning them with the properties of woods, rivers, mountains, lakes, cities, nations, and whatever their enlarged and numerous senses could percieve.

and particularly they studied the genius of each city and country. placing it under its mental deity.

till a system was formed, which some took advantage of and enslavd the vulgar by attempting to realize or abstract the mental deities from their objects: thus began priesthood.

choosing forms of worship from poetic tales.

and at length they pronounced that the gods had orderd such things.

thus men forgot that all deities reside in the human breast.

plate 12

a memorable fancy.

the prophets isaiah and ezekiel dined with me, and i asked them how they dared so roundly to assert. that god spake to them; and whether they did not think at the time, that they would be misunderstood, and so be the cause of imposition.

isaiah answerd. i saw no god. nor heard any, in a finite organical perception; but my senses discoverd the infinite in every thing, and as i was then perswaded. and remain confirmd; that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of god, i cared not for consequences but wrote.

then i asked: does a firm perswasion that a thing is so, make it so?

he replied. all poets believe that it does, and in ages of imagination this firm perswasion removed mountains; but many are not capable of a firm perswasion of any thing.

then ezekiel said. the philosophy of the east taught the first principles of human perception some nations held one principle for the origin and some another, we of israel taught that the poetic genius (as you now call it) was the first principle and all the others merely derivative, which was the cause of our despising the priests and philosophers of other countries, and prophecying that all gods [pl 13] would at last be proved. to originate in ours and to be the tributaries of the poetic genius, it was this. that our great poet king david desired so fervently and invokes so patheticly, saying by this he conquers enemies and governs kingdoms; and we so loved our god.

that we cursed in his name all the deities of surrounding nations, and asserted that they had rebelled; from these opinions the vulgar came to think that all nations would at last be

  

211

subject to the jews.

this said he, like all firm perswasions, is come to pass, for all nations believe the jews code and worship the jews god, and what greater subjection can be.

i heard this with some wonder, and must confess my own conviction. after dinner i askd isaiah to favour the world with his lost works, he said none of equal value was lost. ezekiel said the same of his.

i also asked isaiah what made him go naked and barefoot three years? he answerd, the same that made our friend diogenes the grecian.

i then asked ezekiel. why he eat dung, and lay so long on his right and left side? he answerd. the desire of raising other men into a perception of the infinite this the north american tribes practise. and is he honest who resists his genius or conscience.

only for the sake of present ease or gratification?

_______________________________________________

plate 14

the ancient tradition that the world will be consumed in fire at the end of six thousand years is true. as i have heard from hell.

for the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at the tree of life, and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed, and appear infinite. and holy whereas it now appears finite and corrupt.

this will come to pass by an improvement of sensual enjoyment.

but first the notion that man has a body distinct from his soul, is to be expunged; this i shall do, by printing in the infernal method, by corrosives, which in hell are salutary and medicinal, melting apparent surfaces away, and displaying the infinite which was hid.

if the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is: infinite.

for man has closed himself up, till he sees all things thro

narrow chinks of his cavern.

plate 15

a memorable fancy

i was in a printing house in hell and saw the method in which knowledge is transmitted from generation to generation.

in the first chamber was a dragon-man, clearing away the rubbish from a caves mouth; within, a number of dragons were hollowing the cave,

in the second chamber was a viper folding round the rock and the cave, and others adorning it with gold silver and precious stones.

in the third chamber was an eagle with wings and feathers of air, he caused the inside of the cave to be infinite, around were

  

212

numbers of eagle like men, who built palaces in the immense cliffs.

in the fourth chamber were lions of flaming fire raging around

and melting the metals into living fluids.

in the fifth chamber were unnamd forms, which cast the metals into the expanse.

there they were recievd by men who occupied the sixth chamber, and took the forms of books and were arranged in libraries.

____________________________________________________

plate 16

the giants who formed this world into its sensual existence and now seem to live in it in chains; are in truth. the causes of its life and the sources of all activity, but the chains are, the cunning of weak and tame minds. which have power to resist energy. according to the proverb, the weak in courage is strong in cunning.

thus one portion of being, is the prolific. the other, the devouring: to the devourer it seems as if the producer was in his chains, but it is not so, he only takes portions of existence and fancies that the whole.

but the prolific would cease to be prolific unless the devourer as a sea recieved the excess of his delights.

some will say, is not god alone the prolific? i answer, god only acts and is, in existing beings or men.

these two classes of men are always upon earth, and they should be enemies; whoever tries [pl 17] to reconcile them seeks to destroy existence.

religion is an endeavour to reconcile the two.

note. jesus christ did not wish to unite but to seperate them, as in the parable of sheep and goats! and he says i came not to send peace but a sword.

messiah or satan or tempter was formerly thought to be one of the antediluvians who are our energies.

a memorable fancy

an angel came to me and said. o pitiable foolish young man!

o horrible! o dreadful state! consider the hot burning dungeon thou art preparing for thyself to all eternity, to which thou art going in such career.

i said. perhaps you will be willing to shew me my eternal lot and we will contemplate together upon it and see whether your lot or mine is most desirable

so he took me thro a stable and thro a church and down into the church vault at the end of which was a mill: thro the mill we went, and came to a cave. down the winding cavern we groped our tedious way till a void boundless as a nether sky appeard

  

213

beneath us and we held by the roots of trees and hung over this immensity; but i said, if you please we will commit ourselves to this void, and see whether providence is here also, if you will not i will? but he answerd. do not presume o young-man but as we here remain behold thy lot which will soon appear when the darkness passes away

so i remaind with him sitting in the twisted [pl 18] root of an oak. he was suspended in a fungus which hung with the head downward into the deep:

by degrees we beheld the infinite abyss, fiery as the smoke of a burning city; beneath us at an immense distance was the sun, black but shining[;] round it were fiery tracks on which revolvd vast spiders, crawling after their prey; which flew or rather swum in the infinite deep, in the most terrific shapes of animals sprung from corruption. and the air was full of them, and seemd composed of them; these are devils. and are called powers of the air, i now asked my companion which was my eternal lot? he said, between the black and white spiders

but now, from between the black and white spiders a cloud and fire burst and rolled thro the deep blackning all beneath, so that the nether deep grew black as a sea and rolled with a terrible noise: beneath us was nothing now to be seen but a black tempest, till looking east between the clouds and the waves, we saw a cataract of blood mixed with fire and not many stones throw from us appeard and sunk again the scaly fold of a monstrous serpent.

at last to the east, distant about three degrees appeard a fiery crest above the waves slowly it reared like a ridge of golden rocks till we discoverd two globes of crimson fire. from which the sea fled away in clouds of smoke, and now we saw, it was the head of leviathan. his forehead was divided into streaks of green

and purple like those on a tygers forehead: soon we saw his mouth and red gills hang just above the raging foam tinging the black deep with beams of blood, advancing toward [pl 19] us with all the fury of a spiritual existence.

my friend the angel climbd up from his station into the mill; i remaind alone, and then this appearance was no more, but i found myself sitting on a pleasant bank beside a river by moon light hearing a harper who sung to the harp. and his theme was, the man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind.

but i arose, and sought for the mill, and there i found my angel, who surprised asked me, how i escaped?

i answerd. all that we saw was owing to your metaphysics: for when you ran away, i found myself on a bank by moonlight hearing a harper, but now we have seen my eternal lot, shall i shew you yours? he laughd at my proposal: but i by force suddenly caught him in my arms, and flew westerly thro the night, till we were elevated above the earths shadow: then i flung myself with him directly into the body of the sun, here i clothed myself in white, and taking in my hand swedenborgs volumes sunk from the glorious clime, and passed all the planets till we came to saturn, here i staid to rest and then leapd into the void, between

  

214

saturn and the fixed stars.

here said i! is your lot, in this space, if space it may be calld, soon we saw the stable and the church, and i took him to the altar and opend the bible, and lo! it was a deep pit, into which i descended driving the angel before me, soon we saw seven houses of brick, one we enterd; in it were a [pl 20] number of monkeys, baboons, and all of that species chaind by the middle, grinning and snatching at one another, but witheld by the shortness of their chains: however i saw that they sometimes grew numerous, and then the weak were caught by the strong and with a grinning aspect, first coupled with and then devourd, by plucking off first one limb and then another till the body was left a helpless trunk. this after grinning and kissing it with seeming fondness they devourd too; and here and there i saw one savourily picking the flesh off of his own tail; as the stench terribly annoyd us both we went into the mill, and i in my hand brought the skeleton of a body, which in the mill was aristotles analytics.

so the angel said: thy phantasy has imposed upon me and thou oughtest to be ashamed.

i answerd: we impose on one another, and it is but lost time to converse with you whose works are only analytics.

opposition is true friendship.

plate 21

i have always found that angels have the vanity to speak of themselves as the only wise; this they do with a confident insolence sprouting from systematic reasoning:

thus swedenborg boasts that what he writes is new; tho it is only the contents or index of already publishd books a man carried a monkey about for a shew, and because he was a little wiser than the monkey, grew vain, and concievd himself as much wiser than seven men. it is so with swedenborg; he shews the folly of churches and exposes hypocrites, till he imagines that all are religious. and himself the single [pl 22] one on earth that ever broke a net.

now hear a plain fact: swedenborg has not written one new truth: now hear another: he has written all the old falshoods.

and now hear the reason. he conversed with angels who are all religious, and conversed not with devils who all hate religion, for he was incapable thro his conceited notions.

thus swedenborgs writings are a recapitulation of all superficial opinions, and an analysis of the more sublime, but no further.

have now another plain fact: any man of mechanical talents may from the writings of paracelsus or jacob behmen, produce ten thousand volumes of equal value with swedenborgs.

and from those of dante or shakespear, an infinite number.

but when he has done this, let him not say that he knows better than his master, for he only holds a candle in sunshine.

  

215

a memorable fancy

once i saw a devil in a flame of fire. who arose before an angel that sat on a cloud. and the devil utterd these words.

the worship of god is. honouring his gifts in other men each according to his genius. and loving the [pl 23] greatest men best, those who envy or calumniate great men hate god, for there is no other god.

the angel hearing this became almost blue but mastering himself he grew yellow, and at last white pink and smiling, and then replied,

thou idolater, is not god one? and is not he visible in jesus christ? and has not jesus christ given his sanction to the law of ten commandments and are not all other men fools, sinners, and nothings?

the devil answerd; bray a fool in a morter with wheat. yet shall not his folly be beaten out of him: if jesus christ is the greatest man, you ought to love him in the greatest degree; now hear how he has given his sanction to the law of ten commandments: did he not mock at the sabbath, and so mock the sabbaths god? murder those who were murderd because of him? turn away the law from the woman taken in adultery? steal the labor of others to support him? bear false witness when he omitted making a defence before pilate? covet when he prayd for his disciples, and when he bid them shake off the dust of their feet against such as refused to lodge them? i tell you, no virtue can exis without breaking these ten commandments: jesus was all virtue and acted from im[pl 24]pulse: not from rules.

when he had so spoken: i beheld the angel who stretched out his arms embracing the flame of fire and he was consumed and arose as elijah.

note. this angel, who is now become a devil, is my particular friend: we often read the bible together in its infernal or diabolical sense which the world shall have if they behave well

i have also: the bible of hell: which the world shall have whether they will or no.

one law for the lion and ox is oppression

plate 25

a song of liberty

the eternal female groand! it was heard over all the earth: albions coast is sick silent; the american meadows faint!

shadows of prophecy shiver along by the lakes and the rivers and mutter across the ocean! france rend down thy dungeon; golden spain burst the barriers of old rome;

cast thy keys o rome into the deep down falling, even to

  

216

eternity down falling,

and weep!

in her trembling hands she took the new, born terror howling; on those infinite mountains of light now barrd out by the atlantic sea, the new born fire stood before the starry king!

flagd with grey browd snows and thunderous visages the jealous wings wavd over the deep.

the speary hand burned aloft, unbuckled was the shield, forth went the hand of jealousy among the flaming hair, and

[pl 26]hurld the new born wonder thro the starry night.

the fire, the fire, is falling!

look up! look up! o citizen of london. enlarge thy countenance; o jew, leave counting gold! return to thy oil and wine; o african! black african! (go. winged thought widen his forehead.)

the fiery limbs, the flaming hair, shot like the sinking sun into the western sea.

wakd from his eternal sleep, the hoary, element roaring fled away:

down rushd beating his wings in vain the jealous king: his grey browd councellors, thunderous warriors, curld veterans, among helms, and shields, and chariots horses, elephants: banners, castles, slings and rocks,

falling, rushing, ruining! buried in the ruins, on urthonas dens.

all night beneath the ruins, then their sullen flames faded emerge round the gloomy king,

with thunder and fire: leading his starry hosts thro the waste wilderness [pl 27]he promulgates his ten commands, glancing his beamy eyelids over the deep in dark dismay, where the son of fire in his eastern cloud, while the morning plumes her golden breast,

spurning the clouds written with curses, stamps the stony law to dust, loosing the eternal horses from the dens of night, crying

empire is no more! and now the lion and wolf shall cease.

chorus

let the priests of the raven of dawn, no longer in deadly black, with hoarse note curse the sons of joy. nor his accepted brethren whom, tyrant, he calls free; lay the bound or build the roof. nor pale religious letchery call that virginity, that wishes but acts not!

for every thing that lives is holy

----

  

217

the marriage of heaven and hell (excerpt)

in seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.

drive your cart and your plow over the bones of the dead.

the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.

prudence is a rich, ugly old maid courted by incapacity.

he who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.

the cut worm forgives the plow.

dip him in the river who loves water.

a fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.

he whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.

eternity is in love with the productions of time.

the busy bee has no time for sorrow.

the hours of folly are measurd by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.

all wholesome food is caught without a net or a trap.

bring out number, weight and measure in a year of dearth.

no bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings.

a dead body revenges not injuries.

the most sublime act is to set another before you.

if the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise.

folly is the cloak of knavery.

shame is prides cloke.

prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of religion.

the pride of the peacock is the glory of god.

the lust of the goat is the bounty of god.

the wrath of the lion is the wisdom of god.

the nakedness of woman is the work of god.

excess of sorrow laughs. excess of joy weeps.

the roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea, and the destructive sword, are portions of

eternity, too great for the eye of man.

the fox condemns the trap, not himself.

joys impregnate. sorrows bring forth.

let man wear the fell of the lion, woman the fleece of the sheep.

the bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.

the selfish, smiling fool, and the sullen, frowning fool shall be both thought wise, that they may be a rod.

what is now proved was once only imagind.

the rat, the mouse, the fox, the rabbit watch the roots; the lion, the tyger, the horse, the elephant watch the fruits.

the cistern contains: the fountain overflows.

one thought fills immensity.

always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you.

every thing possible to be believd is an image of truth.

the eagle never lost so much time as when he submitted to learn of the crow.

the fox provides for himself, but god provides for the lion.

think in the morning. act in the noon. eat in the evening. sleep in the night.

he who has sufferd you to impose on him, knows you.

as the plow follows words, so god rewards prayers.

the tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.

expect poison from the standing water.

you never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.

listen to the fools reproach! it is a kingly title!

the eyes of fire, the nostrils of air, the mouth of water, the beard of earth.

  

218

the weak in courage is strong in cunning.

the apple tree never asks the beech how he shall grow; nor the lion, the horse, how he shall take his prey.

the thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest.

if others had not been foolish, we should be so.

the soul of sweet delight can never be defild.

when thou seest an eagle, thou seest a portion of genius; lift up thy head!

as the caterpiller chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.

to create a little flower is the labour of ages.

damn braces. bless relaxes.

the best wine is the oldest, the best water the newest.

prayers plow not! praises reap not!

joys laugh not! sorrows weep not!

the head sublime, the heart pathos, the genitals beauty, the hands and feet proportion.

as the air to a bird or the sea to a fish, so is contempt to the contemptible.

the crow wishd every thing was black, the owl that every thing was white.

exuberance is beauty.

if the lion was advised by the fox, he would be cunning.

improvement makes strait roads; but the crooked roads without improvement are roads of genius.

sooner murder an infant in its cradle than nurse unacted desires.

where man is not, nature is barren.

truth can never be told so as to be understood, and not be believd.

enough! or too much.

----

  

219

the new jerusalem

and did those feet in ancient time

walk upon englands mountains green?

and was the holy lamb of god

on englands pleasant pastures seen?

and did the countenance divine

shine forth upon our clouded hills?

and was jerusalem builded here

among these dark satanic mills?

bring me my bow of burning gold!

bring me my arrows of desire!

bring me my spear! o clouds, unfold!

bring me my charriot of fire!

i will not cease from mental fight,

nor shall my sword sleep in my hand

till we have built jerusalem

in englands green and pleasant land.

----

  

220

the question answered

what is it men in women do require?

the lineaments of gratified desire.

what is it women do in men require?

the lineaments of gratified desire

----

  

221

the school boy

i love to rise in a summer morn,

when the birds sing on every tree;

the distant huntsman winds his horn,

and the sky-lark sings with me.

o! what sweet company.

but to go to school in a summer morn,

o! it drives all joy away;

under a cruel eye outworn.

the little ones spend the day,

in sighing and dismay.

ah! then at times i drooping sit,

and spend many an anxious hour,

nor in my book can i take delight,

nor sit in learnings bower,

worn thro with the dreary shower.

how can the bird that is born for joy,

sit in a cage and sing.

how can a child when fears annoy.

but droop his tender wing.

and forget his youthful spring.

o! father andamp; mother. if buds are nipd,

and blossoms blown away,

and if the tender plants are stripd

of their joy in the springing day,

by sorrow and cares dismay.

how shall the summer arise in joy.

or the summer fruits appear.

or how shall we gather what griefs destroy

or bless the mellowing year.

when the blasts of winter appear.

----

  

222

the schoolboy

i love to rise in a summer morn

when the birds sing on every tree;

the distant huntsman winds his horn,

and the skylark sings with me.

o! what sweet company!

but to go to school on a summer morn,

o! it drives all joy away;

under a cruel eye outworn,

the little ones spend the day

in sighing and dismay.

ah! then at times i drooping sit,

and spend many an anxious hour,

nor in my book can i take delight,

nor sit in learnings bower,

worn thro with the dreary shower.

how can the bird that is born for joy

sit in a cage and sing?

how can a child, when fears annoy,

but droop his tender wing,

and forget his youthful spring?

o! father and mother, if buds are nipped

and blossoms blown away,

and if the tender plants are stripped

of their joy in the springing day,

by sorrow and cares dismay,

how shall the summer arise in joy,

or the summers fruits appear?

or how shall we gather what griefs destroy,

or bless the mellowing year,

when the blasts of winter appear?

----

  

223

the shepherd

how sweet is the shepherds sweet lot!

from the morn to the evening he strays;

he shall follow his sheep all the day,

and his tongue shall be filled with praise.

for he hears the lambs innocent call,

and he hears the ewes tender reply;

he is watchful while they are in peace,

for they know when their shepherd is nigh.

----

  

224

the sick rose

o rose, thou art sick!

the invisible worm

that flies in the night,

in the howling storm,

has found out thy bed

of crimson joy:

and his dark secret love

does thy life destroy.

----

  

225

the sky is an immortal tent built by the sons of los (from the sky is an immortal tent built by the sons of los: and every space that a man views around his dwelling-place standing on his own roof or in his garden on a mount of twenty-five cubits in height, such space is his universe: and on its verge the sun rises and sets, the clouds bow to meet the flat earth and the sea in such an orderd space: the starry heavens reach no further, but here bend and set on all sides, and the two poles turn on their valves of gold: and if he moves his dwelling-place, his heavens also move whereer he goes, and all his neighbourhood bewail his loss.

such are the spaces called earth and such its dimension.

as to that false appearance which appears to the reasoner as of a globe rolling through voidness, it is a delusion of ulro.

the microscope knows not of this nor the telescope: they alter the ratio of the spectators organs, but leave objects untouchd.

for every space larger than a red globule of mans blood is visionary, and is created by the hammer of los; and every space smaller than a globule of mans blood opens into eternity of which this vegetable earth is but a shadow.

the red globule is the unwearied sun by los created to measure time and space to mortal men every morning.

----

  

226

the song of los

africa

i will sing you a song of los. the eternal prophet: he sung it to four harps at the tables of eternity.

in heart-formed africa.

urizen faded! ariston shudderd!

and thus the song began

adam stood in the garden of eden:

and noah on the mountains of ararat;

they saw urizen give his laws to the nations

by the hands of the children of los.

adam shudderd! noah faded! black grew the sunny african when rintrah gave abstract philosophy to brama in the east: (night spoke to the cloud!

lo these human formd spirits in smiling hipocrisy. war against one another; so let them war on; slaves to the eternal elements) noah shrunk, beneath the waters;

abram fled in fires from chaldea;

moses beheld upon mount sinai forms of dark delusion: to trismegistus. palamabron gave an abstract law: to pythagoras socrates and plato.

times rolled on oer all the sons of har, time after time orc on mount atlas howld, chaind down with the chain of jealousy then oothoon hoverd over judah and jerusalem

and jesus heard her voice (a man of sorrows) he recievd a gospel from wretched theotormon.

the human race began to wither, for the healthy built secluded places, fearing the joys of love

and the diseased only propagated:

so antamon calld up leutha from her valleys of delight: and to mahomet a loose bible gave.

but in the north, to odin, sotha gave a code of war, because of diralada thinking to reclaim his joy.

these were the churches: hospitals: castles: palaces: like nets and gins and traps to catch the joys of eternity and all the rest a desart;

till like a dream eternity was obliterated and erased.

since that dread day when har and heva fled.

because their brethren and sisters livd in war and lust; and as they fled they shrunk

into two narrow doleful forms:

creeping in reptile flesh upon

the bosom of the ground:

and all the vast of nature shrunk

before their shrunken eyes.

  

227

thus the terrible race of los and enitharmon gave laws and religions to the sons of har binding them more and more to earth: closing and restraining:

till a philosophy of five senses was complete

urizen wept and gave it into the hands of newton and locke clouds roll heavy upon the alps round rousseau and voltaire: and on the mountains of lebanon round the deceased gods of asia; and on the deserts of africa round the fallen angels the guardian prince of albion burns in his nightly tent asia

the kings of asia heard

the howl rise up from europe!

and each ran out from his web;

from his ancient woven den;

for the darkness of asia was startled

at the thick-flaming, thought-creating fires of orc.

and the kings of asia stood

and cried in bitterness of soul.

shall not the king call for famine from the heath?

nor the priest, for pestilence from the fen?

to restrain! to dismay! to thin!

the inhabitants of mountain and plain;

in the day, of full-feeding prosperity;

and the night of delicious songs.

shall not the councellor throw his curb

of poverty on the laborious?

to fix the price of labour;

to invent allegoric riches:

and the privy admonishers of men

call for fires in the city

for heaps of smoking ruins,

in the night of prosperity and wantonness

to turn man from his path,

to restrain the child from the womb,

to cut off the bread from the city,

that the remnant may learn to obey.

that the pride of the heart may fail;

that the lust of the eyes may be quenchd:

that the delicate ear in its infancy

may be dulld; and the nostrils closd up;

  

228

to teach mortal worms the path

that leads from the gates of the grave.

urizen heard them cry!

and his shuddring waving wings

went enormous above the red flames

drawing clouds of despair thro the heavens

of europe as he went:

and his books of brass iron and gold

melted over the land as he flew,

heavy-waving, howling, weeping.

and he stood over judea:

and stayd in his ancient place:

and stretchd his clouds over jerusalem;

for adam, a mouldering skeleton

lay bleachd on the garden of eden;

and noah as white as snow

on the mountains of ararat.

then the thunders of urizen bellowd aloud

from his woven darkness above.

orc raging in european darkness

arose like a pillar of fire above the alps

like a serpent of fiery flame!

the sullen earth

shrunk!

forth from the dead dust rattling bones to bones

join: shaking convulsd the shivring clay breathes and all flesh naked stands: fathers and friends;

mothers and infants; kings and warriors:

the grave shrieks with delight, and shakes

her hollow womb, and clasps the solid stem:

her bosom swells with wild desire:

and milk and blood and glandous wine.

----

  

229

the tiger

tyger! tyger! burning bright

in the forest of the night

what immortal hand or eye

could frame thy fearful symmetry?

in what distant deeps or skies

burnt the fire of thine eyes?

on what wings dare he aspire?

what the hand dare seize the fire?

and what shoulder, and what art,

could twist the sinews of thy heart?

and when thy heart began to beat,

what dread hand? and what dread feet?

what the hammer? what the chain?

in what furnace was thy brain?

what the anvil? what dread grasp

dare its deadly terrors clasp?

when the stars threw down their spears,

and watered heaven with their tears,

did he smile his work to see?

did he who made the lamb make thee?

tyger! tyger! burning bright

in the forests of the night,

what immortal hand or eye

dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

----

  

230

the two songs

i heard an angel singing

when the day was springing:

"mercy, pity, and peace,

are the worlds release."

so he sang all day

over the new-mown hay,

till the sun went down,

and the haycocks looked brown.

i heard a devil curse

over the heath and the furse:

"mercy vould be no more

if there were nobody poor,

and pity no more could be

if all were happy as ye:

and mutual fear brings peace,

miserys increase

are mercy, pity, and peace."

at his curse the sun went down,

and the heavens gave a frown.

----

  

231

the tyger

tyger! tyger! burning bright,

in the forests of the night,

what immortal hand or eye

could frame thy fearful symmetry?

in what distant deeps or skies

burnt the fire of thine eyes?

on what wings dare he aspire?

what the hand dare sieze the fire?

and what shoulder, and what art,

could twist the sinews of thy heart?

and when thy heart began to beat,

what dread hand? and what dread feet?

what the hammer? what the chain?

in what furnace was thy brain?

what the anvil? what dread grasp

dare its deadly terrors clasp?

when the stars threw down their spears,

and waterd heaven with their tears,

did he smile his work to see?

did he who made the lamb make thee?

tyger! tyger! burning bright

in the forests of the night,

what immortal hand or eye

dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

----

  

232

the voice of the ancient bard

youth of delight, come hither,

and see the opening morn,

image of truth new born.

doubt is fled, and clouds of reason,

dark disputes and artful teazing.

folly is an endless maze,

tangled roots perplex her ways.

how many have fallen there!

they stumble all night over bones of the dead,

and feel they know not what but care,

and wish to lead others, when they should be led.

----

  

233

the wild flowers song

as i wandered the forest,

the green leaves among,

i heard a wild flower

singing a song.

i slept in the earth

in the silent night,

i murmured my fears

and i felt delight.

in the morning i went

as rosy as morn,

to seek for new joy;

but oh! met with scorn.

----

  

234

three things to remember

a robin redbreast in a cage,

puts all heaven in a rage.

a skylark wounded on the wing

doth make a cherub cease to sing.

he who shall hurt the little wren

shall never be beloved by men.

----

  

235

tiger, the

tyger! tyger! burning bright

in the forest of the night

what immortal hand or eye

could frame thy fearful symmetry?

in what distant deeps or skies

burnt the fire of thine eyes?

on what wings dare he aspire?

what the hand dare seize the fire?

and what shoulder, and what art,

could twist the sinews of thy heart?

and when thy heart began to beat,

what dread hand? and what dread feet?

what the hammer? what the chain?

in what furnace was thy brain?

what the anvil? what dread grasp

dare its deadly terrors clasp?

when the stars threw down their spears,

and watered heaven with their tears,

did he smile his work to see?

did he who made the lamb make thee?

tyger! tyger! burning bright

in the forests of the night,

what immortal hand or eye

dare frame thy fearful symmetry?

----

  

236

to autum

o autumn, laden with fruit, and staind

with the blood of the grape, pass not, but sit

beneath my shady roof; there thou mayst rest,

and tune thy jolly voice to my fresh pipe,

and all the daughters of the year shall dance!

sing now the lusty song of fruits and flowers.

the narrow bud opens her beauties to

the sun, and love runs in her thrilling veins;

blossoms hang round the brows of morning, and

flourish down the bright cheek of modest eve,

till clustring summer breaks forth into singing, and featherd clouds strew flowers round her head.

the spirits of the air live in the smells

of fruit; and joy, with pinions light, roves round the gardens, or sits singing in the trees.

thus sang the jolly autumn as he sat,

then rose, girded himself, and oer the bleak

hills fled from our sight; but left his golden load.

----

  

237

to autumn

o autumn, laden with fruit, and stained

with the blood of the grape, pass not, but sit

beneath my shady roof; there thou mayst rest,

and tune thy jolly voice to my fresh pipe,

and all the daughters of the year shall dance!

sing now the lusty song of fruits and flowers.

the narrow bud opens her beauties to

the sun, and love runs in her thrilling veins;

blossoms hang round the brows of morning, and

flourish down the bright cheek of modest eve,

till clustring summer breaks forth into singing, and featherd clouds strew flowers round her head.

the spirits of the air live on the smells

of fruit; and joy, with pinions light, roves round the gardens, or sits singing in the trees.

thus sang the jolly autumn as he sat;

then rose, girded himself, and oer the bleak

hills fled from our sight; but left his golden load.

----

  

238

to morning

o holy virgin! clad in purest white,

unlock heavns golden gates, and issue forth;

awake the dawn that sleeps in heaven; let light

rise from the chambers of the east, and bring

the honeyd dew that cometh on waking day.

o radiant morning, salute the sun

rousd like a huntsman to the chase, and with

thy buskind feet appear upon our hills.

----

  

239

to nobodaddy

why art thou silent and invisible

father of jealousy

why dost thou hide thyself in clouds

from every searching eye

why darkness and obscurity

in all thy words and laws

that none dare eat the fruit but from

the wily serpents jaws

or is it because secresy

gains females loud applause

----

  

240

to spring

o thou with dewy locks, who lookest down

thro the clear windows of the morning, turn

thine angel eyes upon our western isle,

which in full choir hails thy approach, o spring!

the hills tell each other, and the listening

valleys hear; all our longing eyes are turned

up to thy bright pavilions: issue forth,

and let thy holy feet visit our clime.

come oer the eastern hills, and let our winds

kiss thy perfumed garments; let us taste

thy morn and evening breath; scatter thy pearls

upon our love-sick land that mourns for thee.

o deck her forth with thy fair fingers; pour

thy soft kisses on her bosom; and put

thy golden crown upon her languished head,

whose modest tresses were bound up for thee.

----

  

241

to summer

o thou who passest thro our valleys in

thy strength, curb thy fierce steeds, allay the heat that flames from their large nostrils! thou, o summer, oft pitchedst here thy goldent tent, and oft

beneath our oaks hast slept, while we beheld

with joy thy ruddy limbs and flourishing hair.

beneath our thickest shades we oft have heard

thy voice, when noon upon his fervid car

rode oer the deep of heaven; beside our springs

sit down, and in our mossy valleys, on

some bank beside a river clear, throw thy

silk draperies off, and rush into the stream:

our valleys love the summer in his pride.

our bards are famd who strike the silver wire:

our youth are bolder than the southern swains:

our maidens fairer in the sprightly dance:

we lack not songs, nor instruments of joy,

nor echoes sweet, nor waters clear as heaven,

nor laurel wreaths against the sultry heat.

----

  

242

to the accuser who is the god of this world

truly my satan thou art but a dunce

and dost not know the garment from the man

every harlot was a virgin once

nor canst thou ever change kate into nan

tho thou art worshipd by the names divine

of jesus and jehovah thou art still

the son of morn in weary nights decline

the lost travellers dream under the hill

----

  

243

to the evening star

thou fair-haired angel of the evening,

now, whilst the sun rests on the mountains, light thy bright torch of love; thy radiant crown

put on, and smile upon our evening bed!

smile on our loves, and while thou drawest the

blue curtains of the sky, scatter thy silver dew

on every flower that shuts its sweet eyes

in timely sleep. let thy west wing sleep on

the lake; speak silence with thy glimmering eyes, and wash the dusk with silver. soon, full soon,

dost thou withdraw; then the wolf rages wide,

and the lion glares through the dun forest.

the fleeces of our flocks are covered with

thy sacred dew; protect with them with thine influence.

----

  

244

to the muses

whether on idas shady brow,

or in the chambers of the east,

the chambers of the sun, that now

from ancient melody have ceasd;

whether in heavn ye wander fair,

or the green corners of the earth,

or the blue regions of the air,

where the melodious winds have birth;

whether on crystal rocks ye rove,

beneath the bosom of the sea

wandring in many a coral grove,

fair nine, forsaking poetry!

how have you left the ancient love

that bards of old enjoyd in you!

the languid strings do scarcely move!

the sound is forcd, the notes are few!

----

  

245

to thomas butts

to my friend butts i write

my first vision of light,

on the yellow sands sitting.

the sun was emitting

his glorious beams

from heaven’s high streams.

over sea, over land,

my eyes did expand

into regions of air,

away from all care;

into regions of fire,

remote from desire;

the light of the morning

heaven’s mountains adorning:

in particles bright,

the jewels of light

distinct shone and clear.

amaz’d and in fear

i each particle gazed,

astonish’d, amazed;

for each was a man

human-form’d. swift i ran,

for they beckon’d to me,

remote by the sea,

saying: ‘each grain of sand,

every stone on the land,

each rock and each hill,

each fountain and rill,

each herb and each tree,

mountain, hill, earth, and sea,

cloud, meteor, and star,

are men seen afar.’

i stood in the streams

of heaven’s bright beams,

and saw felpham sweet

beneath my bright feet,

in soft female charms;

and in her fair arms

my shadow i knew,

and my wife’s shadow too,

and my sister, and friend.

we like infants descend

in our shadows on earth,

like a weak mortal birth.

my eyes, more and more,

like a sea without shore,

continue expanding,

the heavens commanding;

till the jewels of light,

heavenly men beaming bright,

appear’d as one man,

who complacent began

  

246

my limbs to enfold

in his beams of bright gold;

like dross purg’d away

all my mire and my clay.

soft consum’d in delight,

in his bosom sun-bright

i remain’d. soft he smil’d,

and i heard his voice mild,

saying: ‘this is my fold,

o thou ram horn’d with gold,

who awakest from sleep

on the sides of the deep.

on the mountains around

the roarings resound

of the lion and wolf,

the loud sea, and deep gulf.

these are guards of my fold,

o thou ram horn’d with gold!’

and the voice faded mild;

i remain’d as a child;

all i ever had known

before me bright shone:

i saw you and your wife

by the fountains of life.

such the vision to me

appear’d on the sea.

----

  

247

to tirzah

whateer is born of mortal birth

must be consumed with the earth

to rise from generation free:

then what have i to do with thee?

the sexes sprung from shame and pride,

blowd in the morn, in evening died;

but mercy changd death into sleep;

the sexes rose to work and weep.

thou, mother of my mortal part,

with cruelty didst mould my heart,

and with false self-deceiving tears

didst bind my nostrils, eyes, and ears:

didst close my tongue in senseless clay,

and me to mortal life betray.

the death of jesus set me free:

then what have i to do with thee?

----

  

248

to winter

o winter! bar thine adamantine doors:

the north is thine; there hast thou built thy dark deep-founded habitation. shake not thy roofs,

nor bend thy pillars with thine iron car.

he hears me not, but oer the yawning deep

rides heavy; his storms are unchaind, sheathed

in ribbed steel; i dare not lift mine eyes,

for he hath reard his sceptre oer the world.

lo! now the direful monster, whose 1000 skin clings to his strong bones, strides oer the groaning rocks: he withers all in silence, and in his hand

unclothes the earth, and freezes up frail life.

he takes his seat upon the cliffs,--the mariner

cries in vain. poor little wretch, that dealst

with storms!--till heaven smiles, and the monster is drivn yelling to his caves beneath mount hecla.

----

  

249

when klopstock england defied

when klopstock england defied,

uprose ---- in his pride;

for old nobodaddy aloft

. . . and belchd and coughd;

then swore a great oath that made heaven quake,

and calld aloud to english blake.

blake was giving his body ease,

at lambeth beneath the poplar trees.

from his seat then started he

and turnd him round three times three.

the moon at that sight blushd scarlet red,

the stars threw down their cups and fled,

and all the devils that were in hell,

answered with a ninefold yell.

klopstock felt the intripled turn,

and all his bowels began to churn,

and his bowels turnd round three times three,

and lockd in his soul with a ninefold key; . . .

then again old nobodaddy swore

he neer had seen such a thing before,

since noah was shut in the ark,

since eve first chose her hellfire spark,

since twas the fashion to go naked,

since the old anything was created . . .

----

  

250

why should i care for the men of thames

why should i care for the men of thames

or the cheating waves of charterd streams

or shrink at the little blasts of fear

that the hireling blows into my ear

tho born on the cheating banks of thames

tho his waters bathed my infant limbs

the ohio shall wash his stains from me

i was born a slave but i go to be free.

----

  

251

why was cupid a boy

why was cupid a boy,

and why a boy was he?

he should have been a girl,

for aught that i can see.

for he shoots with his bow,

and the girl shoots with her eye,

and they both are merry and glad,

and laugh when we do cry.

and to make cupid a boy

was the cupid girls mocking plan;

for a boy cant interpret the thing

till he is become a man.

and then hes so piercd with cares,

and wounded with arrowy smarts,

that the whole business of his life

is to pick out the heads of the darts.

twas the greeks love of war

turnd love into a boy,

and woman into a statue of stone--

and away fled every joy.

----

  

252

wild flowers song, the

as i wandered the forest,

the green leaves among,

i heard a wild flower

singing a song.

"i slept in the earth

in the silent night,

i murmured my fears

and i felt delight.

"in the morning i went

as rosy as morn,

to seek for new joy;

but oh! met with scorn."

----

  

253

you dont believe

you dont believe -- i wont attempt to make ye:

you are asleep -- i wont attempt to wake ye.

sleep on! sleep on! while in your pleasant dreams of reason you may drink of lifes clear streams.

reason and newton, they are quite two things;

for so the swallow and the sparrow sings.

reason says miracle: newton says doubt.

aye! thats the way to make all nature out.

doubt, doubt, and dont believe without experiment: that is the very thing that jesus meant,

when he said only believe! believe and try!

try, try, and never mind the reason why!

----

jorge luis

dreamtigers


the maker

he had never dwelled on memorys delights. impressions slid

over him, vivid but ephemeral. a potters vermilion; the

heavens laden with stars that were also gods; the moon, from

which a lion had fallen; the slick feel of marble beneath slow

sensitive fingertips; the taste of wild boar meat, eagerly torn by

his white teeth; a phoenician word; the black shadow a lance

casts on yellow sand; the nearness of the sea or of a woman; a

heavy wine, its roughness cut by honey-these could fill his

soul completely. he knew what terror was, but he also knew

anger and rage, and once he had been the first to scale an

enemy wall. eager, curious, casual, with no other law than

fulfillment and the immediate indifference that ensues, he

walked the varied earth and saw, on one seashore or another,

the cities of men and their palaces. in crowded marketplaces

or at the foot of a mountain whose uncertain peak might be

inhabited by satyrs, he had listened to complicated tales which

he accepted, as he accepted reality, without asking whether

they were true or false.

gradually now the beautiful universe was slipping away

from him. a stubborn mist erased the outline of his hand, the

night was no longer peopled by stars, the earth beneath his

feet was unsure. everything was growing distant and blurred.

when he knew he was going blind he cried out; stoic modesty

had not yet been invented and hector could flee with impunity. i will not see again, he felt, either the sky filled with mythical dread, or this face that the years will transform.

over this desperation of his flesh passed days and nights. but

one morning he awoke; he looked, no longer alarmed, at the

dim things that surrounded him; and inexplicably he sensed,

as one recognizes a tune or a voice, that now it was over and

that he had faced it, with fear but also with joy, hope, and

curiosity. then he descended into his memory, which seemed

to him endless, and up from that vertigo he succeeded in

bringing forth a forgotten recollection that shone like a coin

under the rain, perhaps because he had never looked at it,

unless in a dream.

the recollection was like this. another boy had insulted him

22



and he had run lo his father and lold him about it. his father

let him talk as if he were not listening or did not understand;

and he took down from the wall a bronze dagger, beautiful

and charged with power, which the boy had secretly coveted.

now he had it in his hands and the surprise of possession

obliterated the affront he had suffered. but his fathers voice

was saying, "let someone know you are a man," and there

was a command in his voice. the night blotted out the paths;

clutching the dagger, in which he felt the foreboding of a

magic power, he descended the rough hillside that surrounded

the house and ran to the seashore, dreaming he was ajax and

perseus and peopling the salty darkness with battles and

wounds. the exact taste of that moment was what he was

seeking now; the rest did not matter: the insults of the duel,

the rude combat, the return home with the bloody blade.

another memory, in which there was also a night and an

imminence of adventure, sprang out of that one. a woman,

the first the gods set aside for him, had waited for him in the

shadow of a hypogeum, and he had searched for her through

corridors that were like stone nets, along slopes that sank into

the shadow. why did those memories come back to him, and

why did they come without bitterness, as a mere foreshadowing of the present?

in grave amazement he understood. in this night too, in

this night of his mortal eyes into which he was now descending, love and danger were again waiting. ares and aphrodite, for already he divined (already it encircled him) a murmur

of glory and hexameters, a murmur of men defending a

temple the gods will not save, and of black vessels searching

the sea for a beloved isle, the murmur of the odysseys and

iliads it was his destiny to sing and leave echoing concavely

in the memory of man. these things we know, but not those

that he felt when he descended into the last shade of all.

23

dreamtigers

in my childhood i was a fervent worshiper of the tiger: not

the jaguar, the spotted "tiger" of the amazonian tangles and

the isles of vegetation that float down the parana, but that

striped, asiatic, royal tiger, that can be faced only by a man

of war, on a castle atop an elephant. i used to linger endlessly

before one of the cages at the zoo; i judged vast encyclopedias

and books of natural history by the splendor of their tigers.

( i still remember those illustrations: i who cannot rightly recall the brow or the smile of a woman. ) childhood passed away, and the tigers and my passion for them grew old, but

still they are in my dreams. at that submerged or chaotic

level they keep prevailing. and so, as i sleep, some dream

beguiles me, and suddenly i know i am dreaming. then i

think: this is a dream, a pure diversion of my will; and now

that i have unlimited power, i am going to cause a tiger.

oh, incompetence! never can my dreams engender the wild

beast i long for. the tiger indeed appears, but stuffed or flimsy,

or with impure variations of shape, or of an implausible size,

or all too fleeting, or with a touch of the dog or the bird.

24



dialogue on a dialogue

a : "absorbed in rationalizing about immortality, we had let

dusk come without lighting the lamp. we could not see each

others faces. he kept repeating that the soul is immortal, and

the indifference and sweetness of macedonia fernandezs voice

were more convincing than fervor ever could have been. he

was assuring me that the death of the body is entirely insignificant and that dying must perforce be the fact most null and void that can happen to a man. i sat playing with macedonias clasp knife, opening and closing it. a nearby accordion kept infinitely grinding out la cumparsita, that worn-out

trifle loved by so many because they think its old-i proposed

that macedonia and i commit suicide so we could go on discussing without being bothered."

z : (ioking) : "but i suspect that in the end you decided not

to do it."

a : (now fully mystical) : "i dont really recall whether we

committed suicide that night."



toenails

soft stockings coddle them by day and nail-bossed leather

shoes buttress them, but my toes refuse to pay attention. nothing interests them but emitting toenails, horny plates, semitransparent and elastic, to defend themselves-from whom?

stupid and mistrustful as they alone can be, they never for a

moment stop readying that tenuous armament. they reject

the universe and its ecstasy to keep forever elaborating useless

sharp ends, which rude solingen scissors snip over and over

again. ninety days along in the dawn of prenatal confinement,

they established that singular industry. when i am laid away,

in an ash-colored house provided with dead flowers and amulets, they will still go on with their stubborn task, until they are moderated by decay. they-and the beard on my face.

the draped mirrors

islam asserts that on the unappealable day of judgment every

perpetrator of the image of a living creature will be raised

from the dead with his works, and he will be commanded to

bring them to life, and he will fail, and be cast out with them

into the fires of punishment. as a child, i felt before large

mirrors that same horror of a spectral duplication or multiplication of reality. their infallible and continuous functioning, their pursuit of my actions, their cosmic pantomime, were uncanny then, whenever it began to grow dark. one of my

persistent prayers to god and my guardian angel was that i

not dream about mirrors. i know i watched them with misgivings. sometimes i feared they might begin to deviate from reality; other times i was afraid of seeing there my own face,

disfigured by s trange calamities. i have learned that this fear

is again monstrously abroad in the world. the story is simple

indeed, and disagreeable.

around 1927 i met a sombre girl, first by telephone (for

julia began as a nameless, faceless voice) , and, later, on a

corner toward evening. she had alarmingly large eyes, straight

blue-black hair, and an unbending body. her grandfather and

great-grandfather were federales, as mine were unitarios, and

that ancient discord in our blood was for us a bond, a fuller

possession of the fatherland. she lived with her family in a

big old run-down house with very high ceilings, in the vapidity

and grudges of genteel poverty. afternoons-some few times

in the evening-we went strolling in her neighborhood, balvanera. we followed the thick wall by the railroad; once we walked along sarmiento as far as the clearing for the parque

centenario. there was no love between us, or even pretense

of love: i sensed in her an intensity that was altogether foreign

to the erotic, and i feared il. it is not uncommon to relate to

women, in an urge for intimacy, true or apochryphal circumstances of ones boyish past. i must have told her once about the mirrors and thus in t 928 i prompted a hallucination that

was to flower in 1 93 1 . now, i have just learned that she has

lost her mind and that the mirrors in her room are draped

because she sees in them my reflection, usurping her own, and

2 7



she trembles and falls silent and says i am persecuting her by

magic.

what bitter slavishness, that of my face, that of one of my

former faces. this odious fate reserved for my features must

perforce make me odious too, but i no longer care.



argumentum ornithologicum

i close my eyes and see a flock of birds. the vision lasts a

second or perhaps less; i dont know how many birds i saw.

were they a definite or an indefinite number? this problem

involves the question of the existence of god. if god exists, the

number is definite, because how many birds i saw is known

to god. if god does not exist, the number is indefinite, because

nobody was able to take count. in this case, i saw fewer than

ten birds (lets say) and more than one; but i did not see nine,

eight, seven, six, five, four, three, or two birds. i saw a number

between ten and one, but not nine, eight, seven, six, five, etc.

that number, as a whole number, is inconceivable; ergo, god

exists.



the captive

the story is told in junin or in tapalque. a boy disappeared

after an indian attack. people said the indians had kidnaped

him. his parents searched for him in vain. then, long years

later, a soldier who came from the interior told them about an

indian with blue eyes who mighl well be their son. at length

they found him (the chronicle has lost the circumstances and

i will not invent what i do not know) and thought they recognized him. the man, buffeted by the wilderness and the barbaric life, no longer knew how to understand the words of his mother tongue, but indifferent and docile, he let himself be led

home. there he stopped, perhaps because the others stopped.

he looked at the door as if he did not know wha t it was for.

then suddenly he lowered his head, let out a shout, ran across

the entrance way and the two long patios, and plunged into

the kitchen. ·without hesitating, he sank his arm into the

blackened chimney and pulled out the little horn-handled

knife he had hidden there as a boy. his eyes shone with joy

and his parents wept because they had found their son.

perhaps this recollection was followed by others, but the

indian could not live within walls, and one day he went in

search of his wilderness. i wonder what he felt in that dizzying moment when past and present became one. i wonder whether the lost son was reborn and died in that instant of

ecstasy; and whether he ever managed to recognize, if only as

an infant or a dog does, his parents and his home.

the sham

it was one day in july, 1952, when the mourner appeared

in that little town in the chaco. he was tall, thin, indian-like,

with the inexpressive face of a mask or a dullard. people

treated him with deference, not for himself but rather for the

person he represented or had already become. he chose a site

near the river. with the help of some local women he set up

a board on two wooden horses and on top a cardboard box with

a blond doll in it. in addition, they lit four candles in tall

candlesticks and put flowers around. people were not long in

coming. hopeless old women, gaping children, peasants whose

cork helmets were respectfully removed, filed past the box and

repeated, "deepest sympathy, general." he, very sorrowful,

received them at the head of the box, his hands crossed over

his stomach in the attitude of a pregnant woman. he held out

his right hand to shake the hands they extended to him and

replied with dignity and resignation: "it was fate. everything

humanly possible was done." a tin money box received the

two-peso fee, and many came more than once.

what kind of man, i ask myself, conceived and executed

that funereal farce? a fanatic, a pitiful wretch, a victim of

hallucinations, or an impostor and a cynic? did he believe he

was peron as he played his suffering role as the macabre

widower? the story is incredible, but it happened, and perhaps not once but many times, with different actors in different locales. it contains the perfect cipher of an unreal epoch; it is like the reflection of a dream or like that drama-withinthe-drama we see in hamlet. the mourner was not peron and the blond doll was not the woman eva duarte, but neither

was peron peron, nor was eva eva. they were, rather, unknown individuals-or anonymous ones whose secret names and true faces we do not know-who acted out, for the credulous love of the lower middle classes, a crass mythology.

31

delia elena san marco

we said goodbye at the corner of eleventh. from the other

sidewalk i turned to look back; you too had turned, and you

waved goodbye to me.

a river of vehicles and people were flowing between us. it

was five oclock on an ordinary afternoon. how was i to know

that that river was acheron the doleful, the insuperable?

we did not see each other again, and a year later you were

dead.

and now i seek out that memory and look at it, and i think

it was false, and that behind that trivial farewell was infinite

separation.

last night i stayed in after dinner and reread, in order to

understand these things, the last teaching plato put in his

masters mouth. i read that the soul may escape when the

flesh dies.

and now i do not know whether the truth is in the ominous

subsequent interpretation, or in the unsuspecting farewell.

for if souls do not die, it is right that we should not make

much of saying goodbye.

to say goodbye to each other is to deny separation. it is like

saying "today we play at separating, but we will see each

other tomorrow." man invented farewells because he somehow knows he is immortal, even though he may seem gratuitous and ephemeral.

sometime, delia, we will take up again-beside what river?

-this uncertain dialogue, and we will ask each other if ever, in

a city lost on a plain, we were borges and delia.

32

dead mens dialogue

he arrived from southern england early one winter morning

in 1 877. ruddy, athletic, and obese as he was, almost everyone

inevitably thought he was english, and to tell the truth he was

remarkably like the archetypical john bull. he wore a top hat

and a strange wool cape with an opening in the middle. a

group of men, women, and children anxiously waited for him.

many had their throats marked with a red line; others were

headless and moved uncertainly, like a man walking in the

dark. little by little they surrounded the stranger, and out of

the crowd someone shouted an ugly word, but an ancient terror

stopped them at that. then a military man with a yellowish

skin and eyes like firebrands stepped forward. his disheveled

hair and murky beard seemed to gobble up his face. ten or

twelve mortal wounds furrowed his body like the stripes on a

tigers skin. the stranger, seeing him, changed color suddenly;

then he advanced and stretched out his hand.

"how it grieves me to see such an honorable warrior struck

down by the arms of treachery!" he said roundly. "but what

an intimate satisfaction, too, to have ordered that the acolytes

who attended the sacrifice should purge their deeds on the

scaffold in victoria square!"

"if you are speaking of santos perez and the reinafes, i

would like you to know i have already thanked them," said

the bloody one with measured gravity.

the other man looked at him as if he suspected him of joking or of making a threat, but quiroga went on:

"rosas, you never did understand me. and how could you,

when our destinies were so different? your lot was to command in a city that looks toward europe and will someday be among the most famous in the world. mine was to wage war

in americas lonely spots, on poor earth belonging to poor

gauchos. my empire was made of lances and shouts and sand

pits and almost secret victories in obscure places. what claims

are those to fame? i live and will continue to live for many

years in the peoples memory because i was murdered in a

stagecoach at a place called barranca yaco, by horsemen

armed with swords. it is you i have to thank for this gift of

33

a bizarre death, which i did not know how to appreciate then,

but which subsequent generations have refused to forget. you

undoubtedly know of some exquisite lithographs, and the interesting book edited by a worthy citizen of san juan."

rosas, who had recovered his aplomb, looked at him disdainfully.

"you are a romantic," he pronounced. "the flattery of posterity is not worth much more than contemporary flattery, which is worth nothing, and can be had on the strength of a

few medals."

"i know your way of thinking," answered quiroga. "in

1 85 2, destiny, either out of generosity or out of a desire to

sound you to your depths, offered you a real mans death in

battle. you showed yourself unworthy of that gift: the blood

and fighting scared you."

"scared?" repeated rosas. "me, who busted broncs in the

south, and later busted a whole country?"

for the first time quiroga smiled.

"i know," he said slowly, "that you have cut more than one

fine figure on horseback, according to the impartial testimony

of your foremen and hands; but other fine figures were cut in

america in those days, and they were also on horseback-figures called chacabuco and junin and palma redonda and caseros."

rosas listened without changing expression and replied:

"i did not have to be brave. one fine figure of mine, as

you call it, was to manage that braver men than i should fight

and die for me. santos perez, for example, who finished you

off. bravery is a question of holding out; some can hold out

more than others, but sooner or later they all give in."

"that may be true," said quiroga, "but i have lived and

died and to this day i do not know what fear is. and now i am

going to be obliterated, to be given another face and another

destiny, for history has had its fill of violent men. who the

other one will be, what they will make of me, i do not know;

but i know he will not be afraid.

"i am satisfied to be who i am," said rosas, "and i want to

be no one else."

"the stones want to be stones forever, too," said quiroga,

"and for centuries they are, until they crumble into dust. i

34

thought as you do when i entered death, but i learned many

things here. just look, we are both changing already."

but rosas paid no attention and said, as if thinking aloud:

"it must be that i am not made to be a dead man, but these

places and this discussion seem like a dream, and not a dream

dreamed by me but by someone else still to be born."

they spoke no more, for at that moment someone called

them.

35



the plot

to make his horror complete, caesar, pressed to the foot of a

statue by the impatient daggers of his friends, discovers among

the blades and faces the face of marcus junius brutus, his

protege, perhaps his son, and ceasing to defend himself he exclaims: "you too, my son!" shakespeare and quevedo revive the pathetic cry.

destiny takes pleasure in repetition, variants, symmetries:

nineteen centuries later, in the south of the province of buenos

aires, a gaucho is attacked by other gauchos. as he falls he

recognizes an adopted son of his and says to him with gentle

reproof and slow surprise (these words must be heard, not

read) , "pero che!" he is being killed, and he does not know

he is dying so that a scene may be repeated.

a problem

let us imagine that in toledo someone finds a paper with an

arabic text and that the paleographers declare the handwriting belongs to that same cide hamete benengeli from whom cervantes took his don quixote. in the text we read that the

hero-who, the story goes, rambled about spain armed with

a sword and a lance, challenging all sorts of people for all sorts

of reasons-discovers at the end of one of his many frays that

he has killed a man. at this point the fragment breaks off. the

problem is to guess, or to conjecture, how don quixote reacts.

as i see it, there are three possible solutions. the first is

negative. nothing special happens, for in the hallucinatory

world of don quixote death is no less common than magic,

and to have killed a man need not perturb someone who

struggles, or thinks he struggles, with monsters and enchanters.

the second is pathetic. don quixote never managed to forget

that he was a projection of alonso quijano, a reader of fairy

tales. seeing death, realizing that a dream has led him to commit the sin of cain, wakes him from his pampered madness, possibly forever. the third is perhaps the most plausible. having killed the man, don quixote cannot admit that his terrible act is the fruit of a delirium. the reality of the effect forces

him to presuppose a parallel reality of the cause, and don

quixote will never emerge from his madness.

there remains another conjecture, alien to the spanish

world and even to the occidental world. it requires a much

more ancient setting, more complex, and wearier. don quixote, who is no longer don quixote but rather a king of the hindustani cycles, intuitively knows as he stands before his

enemys cadaver that to kill and to beget are divine or magical

acts which manifestly transcend humanity. he knows that the

dead man is an illusion, as is the bloody sword that weighs

down his hand, as is he himself, and all his past life, and the

vast gods, and the universe.

37





a yellow rose

neither that afternoon nor the next did the illustrious giambattista marino die, he whom the unanimous mouths of fame

-to use an image dear to him-proclaimed as the new homer

and the new dante. but the still, noiseless fact that took place

then was in reality the last event of his life. laden with years

and with glory, he lay dying on a huge spanish bed with

carved bedposts. it is not hard to imagine a serene balcony a

few steps away, facing the west, and, below, marble and

laurels and a garden whose various levels are duplicated in a

rectangle of water. a woman has placed in a goblet a yellow

rose. the man murmurs the inevitable lines that now, to tell

the truth, bore even him a little:

 . purple of the garden, pomp of the meadow,

. gem of spring, aprils eye . . .

then the revelation occurred: marino saw the rose as adam

might have seen it in paradise, and he thought that the rose

was to be found in its own eternity and not in his words; and

that we may mention or allude to a thing, but not express it;

and that the tall, proud volumes casting a golden shadow in a

corner were not-as his vanity had dreamed-a mirror of the

world, but rather one thing more added to the world.

marino achieved this illumination on the eve of his death,

and homer and dante may have achieved it as well.





the witness

in a stable that stands almost within the shadow of the new

stone church a gray-eyed, gray-bearded man, stretched out

amid the odor of the animals, humbly seeks death as one seeks

for sleep. the day, faithful to vast secret laws, little by little

shifts and mingles the shadows in the humble nook. outside

are the plowed fields and a deep ditch clogged with dead leaves

and an occasional wolf track in the black earth at the edge of

the forest. the man sleeps and dreams, forgotten. the angelus

awakens him. by now the sound of the bells is one of the

habits of evening in the kingdoms of england. but this man,

as a child, saw the face of woden, the holy dread and exultation, the rude wooden idol weighed down with roman coins and heavy vestments, the sacrifice of horses, dogs, and prisoners. before dawn he will die, and in him will die, never to return, the last eye-witness of those pagan rites ; the world will

be a little poorer when this saxon dies.

events far-reaching enough to people all space, whose end

is nonetheless tolled when one man dies, may cause us wonder.

but something, or an infinite number of things, dies in every

death, unless the universe is possessed of a memory, as the

theosophists have supposed.

in the course of time there was a day that closed the last

eyes to see christ. the battle of junin and the love of helen

each died with the death of some one man. what will die with

me when i die, what pitiful or perishable form will the world

lose? the voice of macedonia fernandez? the image of a roan

horse on the vacant lot at serrano and charcas? a bar of sulphur in the drawer of a mahogany desk?

39

martin fierro

out of this city marched armies that seemed to be great, and

afterwards were, when glory had magnified them. as the

years went by, an occasional soldier retw-ned and, with a foreign trace in his speech, told tales of what had happened to him in places called ituzaing6 or ayacucho. these things,

now, are as if they had never been.

two tyrannies had their day here. during the first some

men coming from the plata market hawked white and yellow

peaches from the seat of a cart. a child lifted a corner of the

canvas that covered them and saw unitario heads with bloody

beards. the second, for many, meant imprisonment and death;

for all it meant discomfort, a taste of disgrace in everyday acts,

an incessant humiliation. these things, now, are as if they

had never been.

a man who knew all words looked with minute love at the

plants and birds of this land and described them, perhaps forever, and vvrote in metaphors of metal the vast chronicle of the tumultuous sunsets and the shapes of the moon. these things,

now, are as if they had never been.

here too the generations have known those common and

somehow eternal vicissitudes which are the stuff of art. these

things, now, are as if they had never been. but in a hotel room

in the 1 86os, or thereabouts, a man dreamed about a fight. a

gaucho lifts a negro off his feet with his knife, throws him

down like a sack of bones, sees him agonize and die, crouches

down to clean his blade, unties his horse, and mounts slowly

so he will not be thought to be running away. this, which

once was, is again infinitely: the splendid armies are gone,

and a lowly knife fight remains. the dream of one man is part

of the memory of all.

40



mutations

i saw in a hall an arrow pointing the way and i thought that

this inoffensive symbol had once been a thing of iron, an inescapable and fatal projectile that pierced the flesh of men and of lions and clouded the sun at thermopylae and gave harald

sigurdarson six feet of english earth forever.

some days later someone showed me a photograph of a

magyar horseman. a coiled lasso circled the breast of his

mount. i learned that the lasso, which once whipped through

the air and brought down the bulls of the prairie, was now

nothing more than a haughty trapping of sunday harness.

in the west cemetery i saw a runic cross, chiseled in red

marble. the arms curved as they widened out, and a circle

encompassed them. that limited, circumscribed cross represented the other one, the free-armed cross, which in its turn represents the gallows where a god suffered, the "vile machine" railed at by lucian of samosata.

cross, lasso, and arrow-former tools of man, debased or

exalted now to the status of symbols. why should i marvel at

them, when there is not a single thing on earth that oblivion

does not erase or memory change, and when no one knows

into what images he himself will be transmuted by the future.

41



parable of cervantes and don quixote

weary of his land of spain, an old soldier of the king sought

solace in ariostos vast geographies, in that valley of the moon

where misspent dream-time goes, and in the golden idol of

mohammed stolen by montalbim.

in gentle mockery of himself he conceived a credulous man

who, unsettled by the marvels he read about, hit upon the

idea of seeking noble deeds and enchantments in prosaic places

called el toboso or montiel.

defeated by reality, by spain, don quixote died in his native

village around 1 61 4. he was survived only briefly by miguel

de cervantes.

for both of them, for the dreamer and the dreamed, the

tissue of that whole plot consisted in the contraposition of two

worlds: the unreal world of the books of chivalry and the common everyday world of the seventeenth century.

little did they suspect that the years would end by wearing

away the disharmony. little did they suspect that la mancha

and montiel and the knights frail figure would be, for the

future, no less poetic than sindbads haunts or ariostos vast

geographies.

for myth is at the beginning of literature, and also at its

end.

devoto clinic, january 1955.



paradiso, xxxi, 1 08

diodorus siculus tells the story of a god, broken and scattered

a broad. wha t man of us has never felt, walking through the

twilight or writing down a date from his past, that he has lost

something infinite?

mankind has lost a face, an irretrievable face, and all have

longed to be that pilgrim-imagined in the empyrean, beneath

the rose-who in rome sees the veronica and murmurs in

faith, "lord jesus, my god, true god, is this then what thy

face was like?"

beside a road there is a stone face and an inscription that

says, "the true portrait of the holy face of the god of jaen."

if we truly knew what it was like, the key to the parables

would be ours and we would know whether the son of the

carpenter was also the son of god.

paul saw it as a light tha t struck him to the ground; john,

as the sun when it shines in all its strength ; teresa de jesus

saw it many times, bathed in tranquil light, yet she was never

sure of the color of his eyes.

we lost those features, as one may lose a magic number

made up of the usual ciphers, as one loses an image in a kaleidoscope, forever. we may see them and know them not.

the profile of a jew in the subway is perhaps the profile of

christ; perhaps the hands that give us our change at a ticket

window duplicate the ones some soldiers nailed one day to the

cross.

perhaps a feature of the-crucified fate lurks in every mirror;

perhaps the face died, was erased, so that god may be all of us.

who knows but that tonight we may see it in the labyrinth

of dreams, and tomorrow not know we saw it.

43



parable of the palace

that day, the yellow emperor showed the poet his palace.

they left behind, in long succession, the first terraces on the

west which descend, like the steps of an almost measureless

amphitheater, to a paradise or garden whose metal mirrors

and intricate juniper hedges already prefigured the labyrinth.

they lost themselves in it, gaily at first, as if condescending

to play a game, but afterwards not without misgiving, for its

straight avenues were subject to a curvature, ever so slight,

but continuous (and secretly those avenues were circles) . toward midnight observation of the planets and the opportune sacrifice of a turtle permitted them to extricate themselves

from that seemingly bewitched region, but not from the sense

of being lost, for this accompanied them to the end. foyers

and patios and libraries they traversed then, and a hexagonal

room with a clepsydra, and one morning from a tower they

descried a stone man, whom they then lost sight of forever.

many shining rivers did they cross in sandalwood canoes, or a

single river many times. the imperial retinue would pass and

people would prostrate themselves. but one day they put in on

an island where someone did not do it, because he had never

seen the son of heaven, and the executioner had to decapitate

him. black heads of hair and black dances and complicated

golden masks did their eyes indifferently behold; the real and

the dreamed became one, or rather reality was one of dreams

configurations. it seemed impossible that earth were anything

but gardens, pools, architectures, and splendrous forms. every

hundred paces a tower cleft the air; to the eye their color was

identical, yet the first of all was yellow, and the last, scarlet,

so delicate were the gradations and so long the series.

it was at the foot of the next-to-the-last tower that the poet

-who was as if untouched by the wonders that amazed the

rest-recited the brief composition we find today indissolubly

linked to his name and which, as the more elegant historians

have it, gave him immortality and death. the text has been

lost. there are some who contend it consisted of a single line;

others say it had but a single word. the truth, the incredible

truth, is that in the poem stood the enormous palace, entire



and minutely detailed, with each illustrious porcelain and

every sketch on every porcelain and the shadows and the light

of the twilights and each unhappy or joyous moment of the

glorious dynasties of mortals, gods, and dragons who had

dwelled in it from the interminable past. all fell silent, but

the emperor exclaimed, "you have robbed me of my palace!"

and the executioners iron sword cut the poet down.

others tell the story differently. there cannot be any two

things alike in the world ; the poet, they say, had only to utter

the poem to make the palace disappear, as if abolished and

blown to bits by the final syllable. such legends, of course,

amount to no more than literary fiction. the poet was a slave

of the emperor and as such he died. his composition sank into

oblivion because it deserved oblivion and his descendants still

seek, nor will they find, the one word that contains the

universe.

45





everything and nothing

there was no one in him; behind his face (which even in the

poor paintings of the period is unlike any other) and his words,

which were copious, imaginative, and emotional, there was

nothing but a little chill, a dream not dreamed by anyone. at

first he thought everyone was like him, but the puzzled look

on a friends face when he remarked on that emptiness told

him he was mistaken and convinced him forever that an individual must not differ from his species. occasionally he thought he would find in books the cure for his ill, and so he

learned the small latin and less greek of which a contemporary was to speak. later he thought that in the exercise of an elemental human rite he might well find what he sought,

and he let himself be initiated by anne hathaway one long

june afternoon. at twenty-odd he went to london. instinctively, he had already trained himself in the habit of pretending that he was someone, so it would not be discovered that he was no one. in london he hit upon the profession to which he

was predestined, that of the actor, who plays on stage at being

someone else. his playacting taught him a singular happiness,

perhaps the first he had known; but when the last line was applauded and the last corpse removed from the stage, the hated sense of unreality came over him again. he ceased to be ferrex or tamburlaine and again became a nobody. trapped, he fell to imagining other heroes and other tragic tales. thus,

while in londons bawdyhouses and taverns his body fulfilled

its destiny as body, the soul that dwelled in it was caesar, failing to heed the augurers admonition, and juliet, detesting the lark, and macbeth, conversing on the heath with the witches,

who are also the fates. nobody was ever as many men as that

man, who like the egyptian proteus managed to exhaust all

the possible shapes of being. at times he slipped into some

corner of his work a confession, certain that it would not be

deciphered; richard affirms that in his single person he plays

many parts, and iago says with strange words, "i am not what

i am." his passages on the fundamental identity of existing,

dreaming, and acting are famous.

twenty years he persisted in that controlled hallucination,

but one morning he was overcome by the surfeit and the horror of being so many kings who die by the sword and so many unhappy lovers who converge, diverge, and melodiously agonize. that same day he disposed of his theater. before a week was out he had returned to the village of his birth, where he

recovered the trees and the river of his childhood; and he did

not bind them to those others his muse had celebrated, those

made illustrious by mythological allusions and latin phrases.

he had to be someone; he became a retired impresario who

has made his fortune and who interests himself in loans, lawsuits, and petty usury. in this character he dictated the arid final will and testament that we know, deliberately excluding

from it every trace of emotion and of literature. friends from

london used to visit his retreat, and for them he would take

on again the role of poet.

the story goes that, before or after he died, he found himself before god and he said: "i, who have been so many men in vain, want to be one man: myself." the voice of god replied from a whirlwind: "neither am i one self; i dreamed the world as you dreamed your work, my shakespeare, and among

the shapes of my dream are you, who, like me, are many persons-and none."

47



ragnarok

in dreams, writes coleridge, images represent the sensations

we think they cause: we do not feel horror because we are

threatened by a sphinx; we dream of a sphinx in order to explain the horror we feel. if this is so, how could a mere chronicle of the shapes that that nights dream took communicate the bewilderment, the exaltation, the alarm, the menace, and

the jubilation that wove it together? none the less, i shall attempt that chronicle. perhaps the fact that a single scene united the dream will remove or alleviate the essential difficulty.

the scene was the college of philosophy and letters, the

hour twilight. as usual in dreams, everything was a little different; a slight enlargement altered things. we were electing officers. i was talking with pedro henriquez urefia, who in

the waking world has been dead for many years. suddenly we

were interrupted by a clamor as of a demonstration or a band

of street musicians. howls, both animal and human, rose from

below. a voice cried out, "here they come!" and then, "the

gods! the gods!" four or five fellows emerged from the mob

and took over the platform of the assembly hall. we all applauded, weeping: these were the gods, returning after a centuries-long exile. exalted by the platform, their heads thrown back and their chests out, they haughtily received our homage.

one was holding a branch which conformed, no doubt, to the

simple botany of dreams; another, in a broad gesture, held out

his hand-a claw; one of the faces of janus looked suspiciously

at the curved beak of thoth. goaded perhaps by our applause,

one, i do not know which, broke out in a victorious and incredibly bitter cackle, half gargle, half whistle. from that moment on, things changed.

it all began with the suspicion, perhaps exaggerated, that

the gods could not talk. centuries of brutish and bloodthirsty

life had atrophied whatever there had been of the hmnan in

them. islams moon and romes cross had dealt implacably

with those fugitives. low foreheads, yellow teeth, sparse mustaches like a mulattos or a chinamans, and thick bestial lips bespoke the degeneration of the olympian lineage. their gar-ments were less suited to decorous, decent poverty than to the

evil sumptuousness of the gambling dens and bawdy houses of

below. in the buttonhole of one bled a red camation; beneath

the tight-fitting jacket of another bulged the form of a dagger.

suddenly we felt they were playing their last card, that they

were crafty, ignorant, and cruel as old beasts of prey, and that

if we allowed ourselves to be won over by fear or pity, they

would end by destroying us.

we drew our heavy revolvers-all at once there were revolvers in the dream-and joyously put the gods to death.

49

inferno, i, 3 2

from each days dawn to dusk each night a leopard, during

the final years of the twelfth century, beheld a few boards,

some vertical iron bars, shifting men and women, a thick wall,

and perhaps a stone gutter stopped with dry leaves. he did

not know, he could not know, that what he longed for was love

and cruelty and the hot pleasure of tearing things apart and

the wind carrying the scent of a deer. but something in him

was smothering and rebelling, and god spoke to him in a

dream: "you live and will die in this cage so that a man

known to me may look at you a predetermined number of

times, and may not forget you, and may put your shape and

your symbol in a poem which has its necessary place in the

scheme of the universe. you suffer captivity, but you will have

given a word to the poem." god, in the dream, illumined the

animals brutishness and he understood the reasons, and accepted his destiny; but when he awoke there was only a dark resignation in him, a valiant ignorance, for the machinery of

the world is far too complex for the simplicity of a wild beast.

years later dante lay dying in ravenna, as unjustified and

as alone as any other man. in a dream god declared to him the

secret purpose of his life and his work; dante, filled with

wonder, knew at last who he was and what he was, and he

blessed his bitter sufferings. tradition has it that, on waking,

he felt he had been given-and then had lost-something infinite, something he would not be able to recover, or even to glimpse, for the machinery of the world is far too complex for

the simplicity of men.

50



borges and i

its the other one, its borges, that things happen to. i stroll

about buenos aires and stop, perhaps mechanically now, to

look at the arch of an entrance or an iron gate. news of borges

reaches me through the mail and i see his name on an academic ballot or in a biographical dictionary. i like hourglasses, maps, eighteenth-century typography, the taste of coffee, and

stevensons prose. the other one shares these preferences with

me, but in a vain way that converts them into the attributes

of an actor. it would be too much to say that our relations are

hostile; i live, i allow myself to live, so that borges may contrive his literature and that literature justifies my existence.

i do not mind confessing that he has managed to write some

worthwhile pages, but those pages cannot save me, perhaps because the good part no longer belongs to anyone, not even to the other one, but rather to the spanish language or to tradition. otherwise, i am destined to be lost, definitively, and only a few instants of me will be able to survive in the other one.

little by little i am yielding him everything, although i am

well aware of his perverse habit of falsifying and exaggerating. spinoza held that all things long to preserve their own nature: the rock wants to be rock forever and the tiger, a

tiger. but i must live on in borges, not in myself-if indeed i

am anyone-though i recognize myself less in his books than

in many others, or than in the laborious strumming of a

guitar. years ago i tried to free myself from him and i passed

from lower-middle-class myths to playing games with time

and infinity, but those games are borges now, and i will have

to conceive something else. thus my life is running away, and

i lose everything and everything belongs to oblivion, or to the

other one.

i do not know which of us two is writing this page.



p a r t t w o

translated by harold morland

poem about gifts

let none think i by tear or reproach make light

of this manifesting the mastery

of god, who with excelling irony

gives me at once both books and night.

in this city of books he made these eyes

the sightless rulers who can only read,

in libraries of dreams, the pointless

paragraphs each new dawn offers

to awakened care. in vain the day

squanders on them its infinite books,

as difficult as the difficult scripts

that perished in alexandria.

an old greek story tells how some king died

of hunger and thirst, though proffered springs and fruits;

my bearings lost, i trudge from side to side

of this lofty, long blind library.

the walls present, but uselessly,

encyclopaedia, atlas, orient

and the west, all centuries, dynasties,

symbols, cosmos, and cosmogonies.

slow in my darkness, i explore

the hollow gloom with my hesitant stick,

i, that used to figure paradise

in such a librarys guise.

something that surely cannot be called

mere chance must rule these things;

some other man has met this doom

on other days of many books and the dark.

as i walk through the slow galleries

i grow to feel with a kind of holy dread

that i am that other, i am the dead,

and the steps i make are also his.

55



which of us two is writing now these lines

about a plural i and a single gloom?

what does it matter what word is my name

if the curse is indivisibly the same?

groussac or borges, i gaze at this beloved

world that grows more shapeless, and its light

dies down into a pale, uncertain ash

resembling sleep and the oblivion of night.

the hourglass

it is well that time can be measured

with the harsh shadow a column in summer

casts, or the water of that river

in which heraclitus saw our folly,

since both to time and destiny

the two seem alike: the unweighable daytime

shadow, and the irrevocable course

of water following its own path.

it is well, but time in the desert

found another substance, smooth and heavy,

that seems to have been imagined

for measuring dead mens time.

hence the allegorical instrument

of the dictionary illustrations,

the thing that gray antiquaries

will consign to the red-ash world

of the odd chess-bishop, of the sword

defenseless, of the telescope bleared,

of sandalwood eroded by opium,

of dust, of hazard, cif the nada.

who has not paused before the severe

and sullen instrument accompanying

the scythe in the gods right hand

whose outlines duerer etched?

through the open apex the inverted cone

lets the minute sand fall down,

gradual gold that loosens itself and fills

the concave crystal of its universe.

there is pleasure in watching the recondite

sand that slides away and slopes

and, at the falling-point, piles up

with an urgency wholly human.

5 7



the sand of the cycles is the same,

and infinite, the history of sand;

thus, deep beneath your joys and pain

unwoundable eternity is still the abyss.

never is there a halt in the fall.

it is i lose blood, not the glass. the ceremony

of drawing off the sand goes on forever

and with the sand our life is leaving us.

in the minutes of the sand i believe

i feel the cosmic time: the history

that memory locks up in its mirrors

or that magic lethe has dissolved.

the pillar of smoke and the pillar of fire,

carthage and rome and their crushing war,

simon magus, the seven feet of earth

that the saxon proffered the norway king,

this tireless subtle thread of unnumbered

sand degrades all down to loss.

i cannot save myself, a come-by-chance

of time, being matter that is crumbling.



the game of chess

in their grave corner, the players

deploy the slow pieces. and the chessboard

detains them until dawn in its severe

compass in which two colors hate each other.

within it the shapes give off a magic

strength: homeric tower, and nimble

horse, a fighting queen, a backward king,

a bishop on the bias, and aggressive pawns.

when the players have departed, and

when time has consumed them utterly,

the ritual will not have ended.

that war first flamed out in the east

whose amphitheatre is now the world.

and like the other, this game is infinite.

ii

slight king, oblique bishop, and a queen

blood-lusting; upright tower, crafty pawn­

over the black and the white of their path

they foray and deliver armed battle.

they do not know it is the artful hand

of the player that rules their fate,

they do not know that an adamant rigor

subdues their free will and their span.

but the player likewise is a prisoner

(the maxim is omars) on another board

of dead-black nights and of white days.

god moves the player and he, the piece.

what god behind god originates the scheme

of dust and time and dream and agony?

59

mirrors

i, who felt the horror of mirrors

not only in front of the impenetrable crystal

where there ends and begins, uninhabitable,

an impossible space of reflections,

but of gazing even on water that mimics

the other blue in its depth of sky,

that at times gleams back the illusory flight

of the inverted bird, or that ripples,

and in front of the silent surface

of subtle ebony whose polish shows

like a repeating dream the white

of something marble or something rose,

today at the tip of so many and perplexing

wandering years under the varying moon,

i ask myself what whim of fate

made me so fearful of a glancing mirror.

mirrors in metal, and the masked

mirror of mahogany that in its mist

of a red twilight hazes

the face that is gazed on as it gazes,

i see them as infinite, elemental

executors of an ancient pact,

to multiply the world like the act

of begetting. sleepless. bringing doom.

they prolong this hollow, unstable world

in their dizzying spiders-web;

sometimes in the afternoon they are blurred

by the breath of a man who is not dead.

the crystal spies on us. if within the four

walls of a bedroom a mirror stares,

im no longer alone. there is someone there.

in the dawn reflections mutely stage a show.

6o

everything happens and nothing is recorded

in these rooms of the looking glass,

where, magicked into rabbis, we

now read the books from right to left.

claudius, king of an afternoon, a dreaming king,

did not feel it a dream until that day

when an actor showed the world his crime

in a tableau, silently in mime.

it is strange to dream, and to have mirrors

where the commonplace, worn-out repertory

of every day may include the illusory

profound globe that reflections scheme.

god (i keep thinking) has taken pains

to design that ungraspable architecture

reared by every dawn from the gleam

of a mirror, by darkness from a dream.

god has created nighttime, which he arms

with dreams, and mirrors, to make clear

to man he is a reflection and a mere

vanity. therefore these alarms.

6 1



elvira de alvear

all things she possessed and slowly

all things left her. we have seen her

armed with loveliness. the morning

and the strenuous midday showed her,

at her swnmit, the handsome kingdoms

of the earth. the afternoon was clouding them.

the friendly stars (the infinite

and ubiquitous mesh of causes) granted her

that wealth which annuls all distance

like the magic carpet, and which makes

desire and possession one; and a skill in verse

that transforms our actual sorrows

into a music, a hearsay, and a symbol;

and granted fervor, and into her blood the battle

of ituzaing6 and the heaviness of laurels;

and the joy of losing herself in the wandering

river of time (river and labyrinth) ,

and in the slow tints of afternoons.

all things left her, all

but one. her highborn courtliness

accompanied her to the end of the journey,

beyond the rapture and its eclipse,

in a way like an angels. of elvira

the first thing that i saw, such years ago,

was her smile and also it was the last.



susana soca

with slow love she looked at the scattered

colors of afternoon. it pleased her

to lose herself in intricate melody

or in the curious life of verses.

not elemental red but the grays

spun her delicate destiny,

fashioned to discriminate and exercised

in vacillation and in blended tints.

without venturing to tread this perplexing

labyrinth, she watched from without

the shapes of things, their tumult and their course,

just like that other lady of the mirror.

gods who dwell far-off past prayer

abandoned her to that tiger, fire.

the moon

history tells us how in that past time

when all things happened, real,

imaginary, and dubious, a man

conceived the unconscionable plan

of making an abridgement of the universe

in a single book and with infinite zest

he towered his screed up, lofty and

strenuous, polished it, spoke the final verse.

about to offer his thanks to fortune,

he lifted up his eyes and saw a burnished

disc in the air and realized, stunned,

that somehow he had forgotten the moon.

the story i have told, although a tale,

can represent the witching spell

so many of us use when at our craft

of transmuting our life into words.

the essence is always lost. this is the one

law of every word about inspiration.

nor will this summary of mine avoid it

about my long traffic with the moon.

where i saw it first i could not tell,

if in an earlier heaven than the teaching

of the greek, or some evening when it was reaching

over the patio fig tree and the well.

as we know, this life being mutable

can be, among many things, so beautiful

because it brings some afternoon, with her,

the chance to gaze at you, oh varying moon.

but more than moons of the night i can

remember those in verse: like that enchanted

dragon moon so horrible in the ballad,

and then quevedo with his moon of blood.

64



of another moon of blood and scarlet

john spoke in his book about the ferocious

monsters and their revelries;

and other clear moons with a silver sheen.

pythagoras (so tradition tells)

wrote words of blood on a looking glass

that men could read with the naked eye

reflected in that mirror in the sky.

and theres a forest of iron where lurks

the enormous wolf whose destiny

is to shatter the moon and do it to death

when the last dawn reddens the sea.

(of this the prophetic north is aware

and how on that day the opened seas

through all the world will be scoured by a ship

fashioned of dead mens nails. )

when in geneva or zurich fortune willed

that i should be a poet too,

i secretly assumed, as poets do,

the duty on me to define the moon.

with a sort of studious pain

i ran through modest variations,

with the lively dread lugones already

had made the amber or sand his own.

of faraway ivory, smoke, and the cold

of snows were the moons that lit

my verses, which certainly were not fit

for the difficult honor of reaching print.

i thought of the poet as being that man

who, like red adam in paradise,

lays down for everything its precise

and exact and not-known name.

ariosto taught me that in the shifting

moon are the dreams, the ungraspable,

time that is lost, the possible

or the impossible, which are the same.

apollodorus let me descry

the magical shade of triform diana;

and hugo gave me a golden sickle,

an irishman, his tragic obscure moon.

and, while i sounded the depths of that mine

of mythologys moons, just here

at the tum of a comer i could see

the celestial moon of every day.

among all words i knew there is one

with power to record and re-present.

the secret, i see, is with humble intent

to use it simply. moon.

now i shall never dare to stain

its pure appearing with a futile image;

i see it indecipherable and daily

and out of reach of my literature.

i know that the moon or the word moon

is a letter that was created to share

in the complex scripture of that rare

thing that we are, both manifold and one.

it is one of those symbols given to man

by fate or chance, which one day he

may use to write his own true name,

uplifted in glory or in agony.

66



the rain

the afternoon grows light because at last

abruptly a minutely shredded rain

is falling, or it fell. for once again

rain is something happening in the past.

whoever hears it fall has brought to mind

time when by a sudden lucky chance

a flower called "rose" was open to his glance

and the curious color of the colored kind.

this rain that blinds the windows with its mists

will gladden in suburbs no more to be found

the black grapes on a vine there overhead

in a certain patio that no longer exists.

and the drenched afternoon brings back the sound

how longed for, of my fathers voice, not dead.

on the effigy of a captain in cromwells armies

the battlements of mars no longer yield

to him whom choiring angels now inspire;

and from another light (and age) entire

those eyes look down that viewed the battlefield.

your hand is on the metal of your sword.

and through the green shires war stalks on his way;

they wait beyond that gloom with england still,

your mount, your march, your glory of the lord.

captain, your eager cares were all deceits,

vain was your armor, vain the stubborn will

of man, whose term is but a little day;

timf! has the conquests, man has the defeats.

the steel that was to wound you fell to rust;

and you (as we shall be) are turned to dust.

68

to an old poet

you walk the castile countryside

as if you hardly saw that it was there.

a tricky verse of johns your only care,

you scarcely notice that the sun has died

in a yellow glow. the light diffuses, trembles,

and on the borders of the east there spreads

that moon of mockery which most resembles

the mirror of wrath, a moon of scarlet-reds.

you raise your eyes and look. you seem to note

a something of your own that like a bud

half-breaks then dies. you bend your pallid head

and sadly make your way-the moment fled­

and with it, unrecalled, what once you wrote:

and for his epitaph a moon of blood.

6g



the other tiger

and the craft that createth a semblance

morris: sigurd the volsung ( 1876)

i think of a tiger. the gloom here makes

the vast and busy library seem lofty

and pushes the shelves back;

strong, innocent, covered with blood and new,

it will move through its forest and its morning

and will print its tracks on the muddy

margins of a river whose name it does not know

(in its world there are no names nor past

nor time to come, only the fixed moment)

and will overleap barbarous distances

and will scent out of the plaited maze

of all the scents the scent of dawn

and the delighting scent of the deer.

between the stripes of the bamboo i decipher

its stripes and have the feel of the bony structure

that quivers under the glowing skin.

in vain do the curving seas intervene

and the deserts of the planet;

from this house in a far-off port

in south america, i pursue and dream you,

0 tiger on the ganges banks.

in my soul the afternoon grows wider and i reflect

that the tiger invoked in my verse

is a ghost of a tiger, a symbol,

a series of literary tropes

and memories from the encyclopaedia

and not the deadly tiger, the fateful jewel

that, under the sun or the varying moon,

in sumatra or bengal goes on fulfilling

its round of love, of idleness and death.

to the symbolic tiger i have opposed

the real thing, with its warm blood,

that decimates the tribe of buffaloes

and today, the third of august, 59,

stretches on the grass a deliberate

shadow, but already the fact of naming it

and conjecturing its circumstance

makes it a figment of art and no creature

living among those that walk the earth.

we shall seek a third tiger. this

will be like those others a shape

of my dreaming, a system of words

a man makes and not the vertebrate tiger

that, beyond the mythologies,

is treading the earth. i know well enough

that something lays on me this quest

undefined, senseless and ancient, and i go on

seeking through the afternoon time

the other tiger, that which is not in verse.

71

blind pew

far from the sea and from fine war,

which love hauled with him now that they were lost,

the blind old buccaneer was trudging

the cloddy roads of the english countryside.

barked at by the farmhouse curs,

the butt of all the village lads,

in sickly and broken sleep he stirred

the black dust in the wayside ditches.

he knew that golden beaches far away

kept hidden for him his own treasure,

so cursing fates not worth the breath;

you too on golden beaches far away

keep for yourself an incorruptible treasure:

hazy, many-peopled death.

72

referring to a ghost of

eighteen hundred and ninety-odd

nothing. only murafias knife.

only in the gray afternoon the story cut short.

i dont know why in the afternoons im companioned

by this assassin that ive never seen.

palermo was further down. the yellow

thick wall of the jail dominated

suburb and mud flat. through this savage

district went the sordid knife.

the knife. the face has been smudged out

and of that hired fellow whose austere

craft was courage, nothing remained

but a ghost and a gleam of steel.

may time, that sullies marble statues,

salvage this staunch name: juan murafia.

73

referring to the death of

colonel francisco borges ( 1 835-1 874)

i leave him on his horse, and in the gray

and twilit hour he fixed with death for a meeting;

of all the hours that shaped his human day

may this last long, though bitter and defeating.

the whiteness of his horse and poncho over

the plain advances. setting sights again

to the hollow rifles death lies under cover.

francisco borges sadly crosses the plain.

this that encircled him, the rifles rattle,

this that he saw, the pampa without bounds,

had been his life, his sum of sights and sounds.

his every-dailiness is here and in the battle.

i leave him lofty in his epic universe

almost as if not tolled for by my verse.

74

in memoriam : a. r.

vague chance or the precise laws

that govern this dream, the universe,

granted me to share a smooth

stretch of the course with alfonso reyes.

he knew well that art which no one

wholly knows, neither sind bad nor ulysses,

which is to pass from one land on to others

and yet to be entirely in each one.

if memory ever did with its arrow

pierce him, he fashioned with the intense

metal of the weapon the rhythmical, slow

alexandrine or the grieving dirge.

in his labors he was helped by mankinds

hope, which was the light of his life,

to create a line that is not to be forgotten

and to renew castilian prose.

beyond the mio cid with slow gait

and that flock of folk th.at strive to be obscure,

he tracked the fugitive literature

as far as the suburbs of the city slang.

in the five gardens of the marino

he delayed, but he had something in him

immortal, of the essence which preferred

arduous studies and diviner duties.

to put it better, he preferred the gardens

of meditation, where porphyry

reared before the shadows and delight

the tree of the beginning and the end.

reyes, meticulous providence

that governs the prodigal and the thrifty

gave some of us the sector or the arc,

but to you the whole circumference.

75



you sought the happy and the sad

that fame or frontispieces hide;

like the god of erigena you desired

to be no man so that you might be all.

vast and delicate splendors

your style attained, that manifest rose,

and turned that fighting blood of your forebears

into cheerful blood to wage in gods own wars.

where (i ask) will the mexican be?

will he contemplate with oedipus horror

before the stranger sphinx, the unmoving

archetype of visage an� of hand?

or is he wandering, as sweden borg says,

through a world more vivid and complex

than our earthly one, which is scarcely the reflex

of that high, celestial something impenetrable?

if (as the empires of lacquer

and ebony teach) mans memory shapes

its own eden within, there is now in glory

one mexico more, another cuernavaca.

god knows the colors that fate

has in store for man beyond his day;

i walk these streets-and yet how little

do i catch up with the meaning of death.

one thing alone i know. that alfonso reyes

(wherever the sea has brought him safe ashore)

will apply himself happy and watchful

to other enigmas and to other laws.

let us honor with the palms and the shout

of victory the peerless and unique;

no tears must shame the verse

our love inscribes to his name.

the borges

i know little--or nothing-of my own forebears;

the borges back in portugal; vague folk

that in my flesh, obscurely, still evoke

their customs, and their firmnesses and fears.

as slight as if theyd never lived in the sun

and free from any trafficking with art,

they form an indecipherable part

of time, of earth, and of oblivion.

and better so. for now, their labors past,

theyre portugal, they are that famous race

who forced the shining ramparts of the east,

and launched on seas, and seas of sand as wide.

the king they are in mystic desert place,

once lost; theyre one who swears he has not died.

77



to luis de camoens

without lament or anger time will nick

the most heroic swords. poor and in sorrow,

you came home to a land turned from tomorrow,

0 captain, came to die within her, sick,

and with her. in the magic desert-wastes

the flower of portugal was lost and died,

and the harsh spaniard, hitherto subdued,

was menacing her naked, open coasts.

i wish i knew if on this hither side

of the ultimate shore you humbly understood

that all that was lost, the western hemisphere

and the orient, the steel and banner dear,

would still live on (from human change set free)

in your epic lusiados timelessly.

nineteen hundred and twenty-odd

the wheeling of the stars is not infinite

and the tiger is one of the forms that return,

but we, remote from chance or hazard,

believed we were exiled in a time outworn,

time when nothing can happen.

the universe, the tragic universe, was not here

and maybe should be looked for somewhere else;

i hatched a humble mythology of fencing

walls and knives

and ricardo thought of his drovers.

we did not know that time to come held a lightning bolt;

we did not foresee the shame, the fire, and the fearful

night of the alliance;

nothing told us that argentine history would be thrust

out to walk the streets,

history, indignation, love,

the multitudes like the sea, the name of cordoba,

the flavor of the real and the incredible, the

horror and the glory.

79

ode composed in 1 960

sheer accident or the secret laws

that rule this dream, my destiny,

will-0 needed and sweet homeland

that not without glory and without shame embrace

a hundred and fifty arduous years-

that i, the drop, should speak with you, the river,

that i, the instant, speak with you, who are time,

and that the intimate dialogue resort,

as the custom is, to the rites and the dark hints

beloved of the gods, and to the decorum of verse.

my country, i have sensed you in the tumbledown

decadence of the widespread suburbs,

and in that thistledown that the pampas wind

blows into the entrance hall, and in the patient rain,

and in the slow coursing of the stars,

and in the hand that tunes a guitar,

and in the gravitation of the plain

that, from however far, our blood feels

as the briton feels the sea, and in the pious

symbols and urns of a vault,

and in the gallant love of jasmine,

and in the silver of a picture-frame and the polished

rubbing of the silent mahogany,

and in the flavors of meat and fruits,

and in a flag sort of blue and white

over a barracks, and in unappetizing stories

of street-corner knifings, and in the sameness

of afternoons that are wiped out and leave us,

and in the vague pleased memory

of patios with slaves bearing

the name of their masters, and in the poor

leaves of certain books for the blind

that fire scattered, and in the fall

of those epic rains in september

that nobody will forget-but these things

are not wholly you yourself nor yet your symbols.

bo

you are more than your wide territory

and more than the days of your unmeasured time,

you are more than the unimaginable sum

of your children after you. we do not know

what you are for god in the living

heart of the eternal archetypes,

but by this imperfectly glimpsed visage

we live and die and have our being-

0 never-from-me and mystery-my-country.

81

ariosto and the arabs

no man can write a book. because

before a book can truly be

it needs the rise and set of the sun,

centuries, arms, and the binding and sundering sea.

so ariosto thought, who to the slow pleasure

gave himself, in the leisure of roads

with shining statuary and black pines,

of dreaming again on things already dreamed.

the air of his own italy was dense

with dreams, which recalling and forgetting,

with shapes of war that through harsh centuries

wearied the land, plaited and schemed.

a legion that lost itself in the valleys

of aquitaine into ambush fell;

and thus was born that dream of a sword

and a hom that cried in roncesvalles.

over english orchards the brutal saxon

spread his armies and his idols

in a stubborn, clenching war; and of these things

a dream was left behind called arthur.

from the northern islands, with the blind

sun blurring the sea, there came

the dream of a virgin, waiting in sleep

for her lord, within a ring of flame.

from persia or parnassus-who knows where?­

that dream of an armed enchanter driving

a winged steed through the startled air

and suddenly into the western desert diving.

as if from this enchanters steed

ariosto saw the kingdoms of the earth

all furrowed by wars revelry

and by young love intent to prove his worth.

82



as if through a delicate golden mist

he saw a garden in the world that reached

beyond its hedge into other intimacies

for angelicas and medoras love.

like the illusory splendors that in hindustan

opium leaves on the rim of sight,

the furiosos loves go shimmering by

in the kaleidoscope of his delight.

neither of love nor irony unaware,

he dreamed like this, in a modest style,

of a strange lone castle; and all things there

(as in this life) were the devils guile.

as to every poet what may chance-­

or fate allot as a private doom-

he traveled the roads to ferrara

and, at the same time, walked the moon.

the dross of dreams that have no shape­

the mud that the nile of sleep leaves by­

with the stuff of these for skein, hed move

through that gleaming labyrinth and escape;

through this great diamond, in which a man

may lose himself by the hap of the game,

in the whereness of music drowsing,

be beside himself in flesh and name.

europe entire was lost. by the working

of that ingenious and malicious art,

milton could weep for brandimartes

death and dolindas anguished heart.

europe was lost. but other gifts were given

by that vast dream to fames true scions

that dwell in the deserts of the east,

and the night that was full of lions.



the delectable book that still enchants

tells of a king who, at mornings star,

surrenders his queen of the night

before the implacable scimitar.

wings that are shaggy night, and cruel

claws that an elephant grip,

magnetic mountains that with loving

embrace can shatter a ship,

the earth sustained by a bull, the bull

by a fish; abracadabras, and old

talismans and mystic words

that in granite open caves of gold;

this the saracen people dreamt

who followed agramantes crest;

this the turband faces dreamed

and the dream now lords it over the w est.

and orlando is now a region that smiles,

a country of the mind for miles

of wonders in abandoned dreams;

and not even finally smiles, but seems-

by the skill of islam, brought so low

to fable merely and scholarship,

it stands alone, dreaming itself. (and glory

is oblivion shaped into a story.)

through the window, paling now, the quivering

light of one more evening touches the book

and once again the gilding on the cover

glows and once again it fades.

in the deserted room the silent

book still journeys into time. and leaves

behind it-dawns, night-watching hours,

my own life too, this quickening dream.



on beginning the study of anglo-saxon grammar

at fifty generations end

(and such abysses time affords us all)

i return to the further shore of a great river

that the vikings dragons did not reach,

to the harsh and arduous words

that, with a mouth now turned to dust,

i used in my northumbrian, mercian days

before i became a haslam or borges.

on saturday we read that julius caesar

was the first man out of rome burg to strip the

veil from england;

before the clusters swell again on the vine

i shall have heard the voice of the nightingale

with its enigma, and the elegy of the warrior twelve

that surround the tomb of their king.

symbols of other symbols, variations

on the english or german future seem these words to me

that once on a time were images

a man made use of praising the sea or a sword;

tomorrow they will live again,

tomorrow fyr will not be fire but that form

of a tamed and changing god

it has been given to none to see without an ancient dread.

praised be the infinite

mesh of effects and causes

which, before it shows me the mirror

in which i shall see no-one or i shall see another,

grants me now this contemplation pure

of a language of the dawn.

luke xxiii

gentile or hebrew or simply a man

whose face has now been lost in time;

from oblivion we shall not redeem

the silent letters of his name.

of clemency he knew no more

than a robber whom judea nails

to a cross. the time that went before

we cannot reach. but in his final

job of dying crucified,

he heard among the gibes of the crowd,

that the fellow dying at his side

was a god, and so he said to him, blind:

"remember me when you shall come

into your kingdom," and the unconceivable voice

that one day will be judge of all mankind

made promise, from the terrible cross,

of paradise. and they said nothing more

until the end came, but the pride

of history will not let die the memory

of that afternoon when these two died.

0 friends, the innocence of this friend

of jesus christ, this candor which made him

ask for his paradise and gain it so,

even in the shame of punishment,

is the same that many a time has brought

the sinner to sin-as it chanced, to murder.

86



ad rogue

let no fear be that in indecipherable night

i shall lose myself among the black flowers

of the park, where the secret bird that sings

the same song over and over, the round pond,

and the summerhouse, and the indistinct

statue and the hazardous ruin, weave

their scheme of things propitious to the languor

of afternoons and to nostalgic loves.

hollow in the hollow shade, the coachhouse

marks (i know) the tremulous confines

of this world of dust and jasmine,

pleasing to verlaine, pleasing to julio herrera.

the eucalyptus trees bestow on the gloom

their medicinal smell: that ancient smell

that, beyond all time and the ambiguity

of language, speaks of manorhouse time.

my footstep seeks and finds the hoped-for

threshold. the flat roof there defines

its darkened edge, and in measured time the tap

in the checkered patio slowly drips.

on the other side of the door they sleep,

those who by means of dreams

in the visionary darkness are masters

of the long yesterday and of all things dead.

i know every single object of this old

building: the flakes of mica

on that gray stone that doubles itself

endlessly in the smudgy mirror

and the lions head that bites

a ring and the stained-glass windows

that reveal to a child wonders

of a crimson world and another greener world.

for beyond all chance and death

they endure, each one with its history,

but all this is happening in that destiny

of a fourth dimension, which is memory.

in that and there alone now still exist

the patios and the gardens. and the past

holds them in that forbidden round

embracing at one time vesper and dawn.

how could i lose that precise

order of humble and beloved things,

as out of reach today as the roses

that paradise gave to the first adam?

the ancient amazement of the elegy

loads me down when i think of that house

and i do not understand how time goes by,

i, who am time and blood and agony.

88

ars poetica

to gaze at the river made of time and water

and recall that time itself is another river,

to know we cease to be, just like the river,

and that our faces pass away, just like the water.

to feel that waking is another sleep

that dreams it does not sleep and that death,

which our flesh dreads, is that very death

of every night, which we call sleep.

to see in the day or in the year a symbol

of mankinds days and of his years,

to transform the outrage of the years

into a music, a rumor and a symbol,

to see in death a sleep, and in the sunset

a sad gold, of such is poetry

immortal and a pauper. for poetry

returns like the dawn and the sunset.

at times in the afternoons a face

looks at us from the depths of a mirror;

art must be like that mirror

that reveals to us this face of ours.

they tell how ulysses, glutted with wonders,

wept with love to descry his ithaca

humble and green. art is that ithaca

of green eternity, not of wonders.

it is also like an endless river

that passes and remains, a mirror for one same

inconstant heraclitus, who is the same

and another, like an endless river.

bg



museum

on rigor in science

in that empire, the art of cartography reached such

perfection that the map of one province alone took up the

whole of a city, and the map of the empire, the whole of a

province. in time, those unconscionable maps did not satisfy

and the colleges of cartographers set up a map of the empire

which had the size of the empire itself and coincided with it

point by point. less addicted to the study of cartography,

succeeding generations nnderstood that this widespread map

was useless and not without impiety they abandoned it to the

inclemencies of the snn and of the winters. in the deserts of

the west some mangled ruins of the map lasted on, inhabited

by animals and beggars; in the whole country there are no

other relics of the disciplines of geography.

suarez miranda : viajes de v arones prudentes,

book four, chapter xlv, lerida, 1658.

quatrain

others died, but it happened in the past,

the season (as all men know) most favorable for death.

is it possible that i, subject of yaqub almansur,

must die as roses had to die and aristotle?

from divan of almoqtadir el magrebi ( 1 2th century)

go

limits

there is a line in v erlaine i shall not recall again,

there is a street close by forbidden to my feet,

theres a mirror thats seen me for the very last time,

there is a door that i have locked till the end of the world.

among the books in my library (i have them before me)

there are some that i shall never open now.

this summer i complete my fiftieth year;

death is gnawing at me ceaselessly.

julio platero haedo: lnscripciones (montevideo, 1 923)

the poet declares his renown

the circle of the sky metes out my glory,

the libraries of the east contend for my poems,

emirs seek me out to fill my mouth with gold,

angels already know by heart my latest ghazal.

my working tools are humiliation and an anguish;

would to god id been stillborn.

from the divan of abulcasim el hadrami ( 1 2th century)

9 1

the magnanimous enemy

magnus barfod, in the year 1 102, undertook the general conquest

of the kingdoms of ireland; it is said that on the eve of his death

he received this greeting from muirchertach, king in dublin :

may gold and the storm fight along with you in your armies,

magnus barfod.

tomorrow, in the fields of my kingdom, may you have a

happy battle.

may your kingly hands be terrible in weaving the sword-stuff.

may those opposing your sword become meat for the red swan.

may your many gods glut you with glory, may they glut you

with blood.

victorious may you be in the dawn, king who tread on ireland.

of your many days may none shine bright as tomorrow.

because that day will be the last. i swear it to you,

king magnus.

for before its light is blotted, i shall vanquish you and blot you

out, magnus barfod.

from h. gering: anhang zur heimskringla ( 1893)

the regret of heraclitus

i, who have been so many men, have never been

the one in whose embrace matilde urbach swooned.

gaspar camerarius, in deliciae poetarum borussiae, vii, 16

92

epilogue

god grant that the essential monotony of this miscellany

(which time has compiled-not l-and which admits past

pieces that i have not dared to revise, because i wrote them

with a different concept of literature) be less evident than the

geographical and historical diversity of its themes. of all the

books i have delivered to the presses, none, i think, is as

personal as the straggling collection mustered for this hodgepodge, precisely because it abounds in reflections and interpolations. few things have happened to me, and i have read a great many. or rather, few things have happened to me more

worth remembering than schopenhauers thought or the music

of englands words.

a man sets himself the task of portraying the world.

through the years he peoples a space with images of provinces, kingdoms, mountains, bays, ships, islands, fishes, rooms, instruments, stars, horses, and people. shortly before his death,

he discovers that that patient labyrinth of lines traces the

image of his face.


john keats

the poems



imitation of spenser


now morning from her orient chamber came,



and her first footsteps touched a verdant hill;



crowning its lawny crest with amber flame,



silv’ring the untainted gushes of its rill;



which, pure from mossy beds, did down distill,



and after parting beds of simple flowers,



by many streams a little lake did fill,



which round its marge reflected woven bowers,



and, in its middle space, a sky that never lowers.



10

there the king-fisher saw his plumage bright



vying with fish of brilliant dye below;



whose silken fins, and golden scales light



cast upward, through the waves, a ruby glow:



there saw the swan his neck of arched snow,



and oared himself along with majesty;



sparkled his jetty eyes; his feet did show



beneath the waves like afric’s ebony,



and on his back a fay reclined voluptuously.



ah! could i tell the wonders of an isle



20

that in that fairest lake had placed been,



i could e’en dido of her grief beguile;



or rob from aged lear his bitter teen:



for sure so fair a place was never seen,



of all that ever charmed romantic eye:



it seemed an emerald in the silver sheen



of the bright waters; or as when on high,



through clouds of fleecy white, laughs the cerulean sky.



and all around it dipped luxuriously



slopings of verdure through the glossy tide,



30

which, as it were in gentle amity,



rippled delighted up the flowery side;



as if to glean the ruddy tears, it tried,



which fell profusely from the rose-tree stem!



haply it was the workings of its pride,



in strife to throw upon the shore a gem



outvying all the buds in flora’s diadem.





on peace


o peace! and dost thou with thy presence bless



the dwellings of this war-surrounded isle;



soothing with placid brow our late distress,



making the triple kingdom brightly smile?



joyful i hail thy presence; and i hail



the sweet companions that await on thee;



complete my joy – let not my first wish fail,



let the sweet mountain nymph thy favourite be,



with england’s happiness proclaim europa’s liberty.



10

o europe! let not sceptred tyrants see



that thou must shelter in thy former state;



keep thy chains burst, and boldly say thou art free;



give thy kings law – leave not uncurbed the great;



so with the horrors past thou’lt win thy happier fate!





‘fill for me a brimming bowl’


‘what wondrous beauty! from this moment i efface from my mind all women.’

terence [eunuch ii.3.296]



fill for me a brimming bowl



and let me in it drown my soul:



but put therein some drug, designed



to banish woman from my mind:



for i want not the stream inspiring



that heats the sense with lewd desiring,



but i want as deep a draught



as e’er from lethe’s waves was quaffed;



from my despairing breast to charm



10

the image of the fairest form



that e’er my revelling eyes beheld,



that e’er my wandering fancy spelled.



’tis vain! away i cannot chase



the melting softness of that face,



the beaminess of those bright eyes,



that breast – earth’s only paradise.



my sight will never more be blessed;



for all i see has lost its zest:



nor with delight can i explore



20

the classic page, the muse’s lore.



had she but known how beat my heart,



and with one smile relieved its smart,



i should have felt a sweet relief,



i should have felt ‘the joy of grief’.



yet as a tuscan ’mid the snow



of lapland thinks on sweet arno,



even so for ever shall she be



the halo of my memory.





to lord byron


byron! how sweetly sad thy melody!



attuning still the soul to tenderness,



as if soft pity, with unusual stress,



had touched her plaintive lute, and thou, being by,



hadst caught the tones, nor suffered them to die.



o’ershading sorrow doth not make thee less



delightful: thou thy griefs dost dress



with a bright halo, shining beamily,



as when a cloud a golden moon doth veil,



10

its sides are tinged with a resplendent glow,



through the dark robe oft amber rays prevail,



and like fair veins in sable marble flow;



still warble, dying swan! still tell the tale,



the enchanting tale, the tale of pleasing woe.





‘as from the darkening gloom a silver dove’


as from the darkening gloom a silver dove



upsoars, and darts into the eastern light,



on pinions that naught moves but pure delight,



so fled thy soul into the realms above,



regions of peace and everlasting love;



where happy spirits, crowned with circlets bright



of starry beam, and gloriously bedight,



taste the high joy none but the blest can prove.



there thou or joinest the immortal quire



10

in melodies that even heaven fair



fill with superior bliss, or, at desire



of the omnipotent father, cleavest the air



on holy message sent – what pleasures higher?



wherefore does any grief our joy impair?





‘can death be sleep, when life is but a dream’


i



can death be sleep, when life is but a dream,



and scenes of bliss pass as a phantom by?



the transient pleasures as a vision seem,



and yet we think the greatest pain’s to die.



ii



how strange it is that man on earth should roam,



and lead a life of woe, but not forsake



his rugged path; nor dare he view alone



his future doom which is but to awake.





to chatterton


o chatterton! how very sad thy fate!



dear child of sorrow – son of misery!



how soon the film of death obscured that eye,



whence genius wildly flashed, and high debate.



how soon that voice, majestic and elate,



melted in dying murmurs! oh! how nigh



was night to thy fair morning. thou didst die



a half-blown flower which cold blasts amate.



but this is past: thou art among the stars



10

of highest heaven: to the rolling spheres



thou sweetly singest: naught thy hymning mars,



above the ingrate world and human fears.



on earth the good man base detraction bars



from thy fair name, and waters it with tears.





written on the day that mr leigh hunt left prison


what though, for showing truth to flattered state,



kind hunt was shut in prison, yet has he,



in his immortal spirit, been as free



as the sky-searching lark, and as elate.



minion of grandeur! think you he did wait?



think you he naught but prison walls did see,



till, so unwilling, thou unturned’st the key?



ah, no! far happier, nobler was his fate!



in spenser’s halls he strayed, and bowers fair,



10

culling enchanted flowers; and he flew



with daring milton through the fields of air:



to regions of his own his genius true



took happy flights. who shall his fame impair



when thou art dead, and all thy wretched crew?





to hope


when by my solitary hearth i sit,



and hateful thoughts enwrap my soul in gloom;



when no fair dreams before my ‘mind’s eye’ flit,



and the bare heath of life presents no bloom;



sweet hope, ethereal balm upon me shed,



and wave thy silver pinions o’er my head.



whene’er i wander, at the fall of night,



where woven boughs shut out the moon’s bright ray,



should sad despondency my musings fright,



10

and frown, to drive fair cheerfulness away,



peep with the moon-beams through the leafy roof,



and keep that fiend despondence far aloof.



should disappointment, parent of despair,



strive for her son to seize my careless heart;



when, like a cloud, he sits upon the air,



preparing on his spell-bound prey to dart:



chase him away, sweet hope, with visage bright,



and fright him as the morning frightens night!



whene’er the fate of those i hold most dear



20

tells to my fearful breast a tale of sorrow,



o bright-eyed hope, my morbid fancy cheer;



let me awhile thy sweetest comforts borrow:



thy heaven-born radiance around me shed,



and wave thy silver pinions o’er my head!



should e’er unhappy love my bosom pain,



from cruel parents, or relentless fair;



o let me think it is not quite in vain



to sigh out sonnets to the midnight air!



sweet hope, ethereal balm upon me shed,



30

and wave thy silver pinions o’er my head!



in the long vista of the years to roll,



let me not see our country’s honour fade:



o let me see our land retain her soul,



her pride, her freedom; and not freedom’s shade.



from thy bright eyes unusual brightness shed –



beneath thy pinions canopy my head!



let me not see the patriot’s high bequest,



great liberty! how great in plain attire!



with the base purple of a court oppressed,



40

bowing her head, and ready to expire:



but let me see thee stoop from heaven on wings



that fill the skies with silver glitterings!



and as, in sparkling majesty, a star



gilds the bright summit of some gloomy cloud;



brightening the half-veiled face of heaven afar:



so, when dark thoughts my boding spirit shroud,



sweet hope, celestial influence round me shed,



waving thy silver pinions o’er my head.





ode to apollo


in thy western halls of gold



when thou sittest in thy state,



bards, that erst sublimely told



heroic deeds, and sung of fate,



with fervour seize their adamantine lyres,



whose chords are solid rays, and twinkle radiant fires.



there homer with his nervous arms



strikes the twanging harp of war,



and even the western splendour warms,



while the trumpets sound afar:



but, what creates the most intense surprise,



his soul looks out through renovated eyes.



then, through thy temple wide, melodious swells



the sweet majestic tone of maro’s lyre:



the soul delighted on each accent dwells, –



enraptur’d dwells, – not daring to respire,



the while he tells of grief around a funeral pyre.



’tis awful silence then again;



expectant stand the spheres;



20

breathless the laurelled peers,



nor move, till ends the lofty strain,



nor move till milton’s tuneful thunders cease,



and leave once more the ravished heavens in peace.



thou biddest shakespeare wave his hand,



and quickly forward spring



the passions – a terrific band –



and each vibrates the string



that with its tyrant temper best accords,



while from their master’s lips pour forth the inspiring words.



30

a silver trumpet spenser blows,



and, as its martial notes to silence flee,



from a virgin chorus flows



a hymn in praise of spotless chastity.



’tis still! wild warblings from the aeolian lyre



enchantment softly breathe, and tremblingly expire.



next thy tasso’s ardent numbers



float along the pleased air,



calling youth from idle slumbers,



rousing them from pleasure’s lair: –



40

then o’er the strings his fingers gently move,



and melt the soul to pity and to love.



but when thou joinest with the nine,



and all the powers of song combine,



we listen here on earth:



the dying tones that fill the air,



and charm the ear of evening fair,



from thee, great god of bards, receive their heavenly birth.





lines written on 29 may the anniversary of the restoration of charles the 2nd


infatuate britons, will you still proclaim



his memory, your direst, foulest shame?



nor patriots revere?



ah! when i hear each traitorous lying bell,



’tis gallant sidney’s, russell’s, vane’s sad knell,



that pains my wounded ear.





to some ladies


what though, while the wonders of nature exploring,



i cannot your light, mazy footsteps attend;



nor listen to accents that, almost adoring,



bless cynthia’s face, the enthusiast’s friend:



yet over the steep, whence the mountain stream rushes,



with you, kindest friends, in idea i muse –



mark the clear tumbling crystal, its passionate gushes,



its spray that the wild flower kindly bedews.



why linger you so, the wild labyrinth strolling?



10

why breathless, unable your bliss to declare?



ah! you list to the nightingale’s tender condoling,



responsive to sylphs, in the moon-beamy air.



’tis morn, and the flowers with dew are yet drooping,



i see you are treading the verge of the sea:



and now! ah, i see it – you just now are stooping



to pick up the keep-sake intended for me.



if a cherub, on pinions of silver descending,



had brought me a gem from the fret-work of heaven;



and, smiles with his star-cheering voice sweetly blending,



20

the blessing of tighe had melodiously given;



it had not created a warmer emotion



than the present, fair nymphs, i was blessed with from you,



than the shell, from the bright golden sands of the ocean



which the emerald waves at your feet gladly threw.



for, indeed, ’tis a sweet and peculiar pleasure



(and blissful is he who such happiness finds),



to possess but a span of the hour of leisure,



in elegant, pure, and aërial minds.





on receiving a curious shell, and a copy of verses, from the same ladies


hast thou from the caves of golconda a gem,



pure as the ice-drop that froze on the mountain?



bright as the humming-bird’s green diadem,



when it flutters in sunbeams that shine through a fountain?



hast thou a goblet for dark sparkling wine?



that goblet right heavy, and massy, and gold?



and splendidly marked with the story divine



of armida the fair, and rinaldo the bold?



hast thou a steed with a mane richly flowing?



10

hast thou a sword that thine enemy’s smart is?



hast thou a trumpet rich melodies blowing?



and wear’st thou the shield of the famed britomartis?



what is it that hangs from thy shoulder, so brave,



embroidered with many a spring-peering flower?



is it a scarf that thy fair lady gave?



and hastest thou now to that fair lady’s bower?



ah! courteous sir knight, with large joy thou art crowned;



full many the glories that brighten thy youth!



i will tell thee my blisses, which richly abound



20

in magical powers to bless, and to soothe.



on this scroll thou seest written in characters fair



a sunbeamy tale of a wreath, and a chain;



and, warrior, it nurtures the property rare



of charming my mind from the trammels of pain.



this canopy mark: ’tis the work of a fay;



beneath its rich shade did king oberon languish,



when lovely titania was far, far away,



and cruelly left him to sorrow, and anguish.



there, oft would he bring from his soft-sighing lute



30

wild strains to which, spell-bound, the nightingales listened;



the wondering spirits of heaven were mute,



and tears ’mong the dewdrops of morning oft glistened.



in this little dome, all those melodies strange,



soft, plaintive, and melting, for ever will sigh;



nor e’er will the notes from their tenderness change;



nor e’er will the music of oberon die.



so, when i am in a voluptuous vein,



i pillow my head on the sweets of the rose,



and list to the tale of the wreath, and the chain,



40

till its echoes depart; then i sink to repose.



adieu, valiant eric! with joy thou art crowned;



full many the glories that brighten thy youth,



i too have my blisses, which richly abound



in magical powers, to bless and to soothe.





to emma


o come, dearest emma! the rose is full blown,



and the riches of flora are lavishly strown,



the air is all softness, and crystal the streams,



and the west is resplendently clothed in beams.



we will hasten, my fair, to the opening glades,



the quaintly carved seats, and the freshening shades,



where the faeries are chanting their evening hymns,



and in the last sunbeam the sylph lightly swims.



and when thou art weary i’ll find thee a bed



10

of mosses and flowers to pillow thy head;



there, beauteous emma, i’ll sit at thy feet,



while my story of love i enraptured repeat.



so fondly i’ll breathe, and so softly i’ll sigh,



thou wilt think that some amorous zephyr is nigh –



ah, no! – as i breathe, i will press thy fair knee,



and then thou wilt know that the sigh comes from me.



then why, lovely girl, should we lose all these blisses?



that mortal’s a fool who such happiness misses.



so smile acquiescence, and give me thy hand,



20

with love-looking eyes, and with voice sweetly bland.





song


tune – ‘julia to the wood-robin’



stay, ruby-breasted warbler, stay,



and let me see thy sparkling eye,



oh brush not yet the pearl-strung spray



nor bow thy pretty head to fly.



stay while i tell thee, fluttering thing,



that thou of love an emblem art,



yes! patient plume thy little wing,



whilst i my thoughts to thee impart.



when summer nights the dews bestow,



10

and summer suns enrich the day,



thy notes the blossoms charm to blow,



each opes delighted at thy lay.



so when in youth the eye’s dark glance



speaks pleasure from its circle bright,



the tones of love our joys enhance



and make superior each delight.



and when bleak storms resistless rove,



and every rural bliss destroy,



nought comforts then the leafless grove



20

but thy soft note – its only joy –



e’en so the words of love beguile



when pleasure’s tree no longer bears,



and draw a soft endearing smile



amid the gloom of grief and tears.





‘woman! when i behold thee flippant, vain’


woman! when i behold thee flippant, vain,



inconstant, childish, proud, and full of fancies;



without that modest softening that enhances



the downcast eye, repentant of the pain



that its mild light creates to heal again:



e’en then, elate, my spirit leaps, and prances,



e’en then my soul with exultation dances



for that to love, so long, i’ve dormant lain:



but when i see thee meek, and kind, and tender,



10

heavens! how desperately do i adore



thy winning graces; – to be thy defender



i hotly burn – to be a calidore –



a very red cross knight – a stout leander –



might i be loved by thee like these of yore.



light feet, dark violet eyes, and parted hair,



soft dimpled hands, white neck, and creamy breast,



are things on which the dazzled senses rest



till the fond, fixed eyes forget they stare.



from such fine pictures, heavens! i cannot dare



20

to turn my admiration, though unpossessed



they be of what is worthy, – though not dressed



in lovely modesty, and virtues rare.



yet these i leave as thoughtless as a lark;



these lures i straight forget, – e’en ere i dine,



or thrice my palate moisten: but when i mark



such charms with mild intelligences shine,



my ear is open like a greedy shark,



to catch the tunings of a voice divine.



ah! who can e’er forget so fair a being?



30

who can forget her half-retiring sweets?



god! she is like a milk-white lamb that bleats



for man’s protection. surely the all-seeing,



who joys to see us with his gifts agreeing,



will never give him pinions, who intreats



such innocence to ruin, – who vilely cheats



a dove-like bosom. in truth there is no freeing



one’s thoughts from such a beauty; when i hear



a lay that once i saw her hand awake,



her form seems floating palpable, and near;



40

had i e’er seen her from an arbour take



a dewy flower, oft would that hand appear,



and o’er my eyes the trembling moisture shake.





‘o solitude! if i must with thee dwell’


o solitude! if i must with thee dwell,



let it not be among the jumbled heap



of murky buildings; climb with me the steep –



nature’s observatory – whence the dell,



its flowery slopes, its river’s crystal swell,



may seem a span; let me thy vigils keep



‘mongst boughs pavilioned, where the deer’s swift leap



startles the wild bee from the foxglove bell.



but though i’ll gladly trace these scenes with thee,



10

yet the sweet converse of an innocent mind,



whose words are images of thoughts refined,



is my soul’s pleasure; and it sure must be



almost the highest bliss of human-kind,



when to thy haunts two kindred spirits flee.





to george felton mathew


sweet are the pleasures that to verse belong,



and doubly sweet a brotherhood in song;



nor can remembrance, mathew! bring to view



a fate more pleasing, a delight more true



than that in which the brother poets joyed,



who with combined powers, their wit employed



to raise a trophy to the drama’s muses.



the thought of this great partnership diffuses



over the genius-loving heart, a feeling



10

of all that’s high, and great, and good, and healing.



too partial friend! fain would i follow thee



past each horizon of fine poesy;



fain would i echo back each pleasant note



as o’er sicilian seas, clear anthems float



‘mong the light skimming gondolas far parted,



just when the sun his farewell beam has darted –



but ’tis impossible; far different cares



beckon me sternly from soft ‘lydian airs’,



and hold my faculties so long in thrall,



20

that i am oft in doubt whether at all



i shall again see phoebus in the morning:



or flushed aurora in the roseate dawning!



or a white naiad in a rippling stream;



or a rapt seraph in a moonlight beam;



or again witness what with thee i’ve seen,



the dew by fairy feet swept from the green,



after a night of some quaint jubilee



which every elf and fay had come to see:



when bright processions took their airy march



30

beneath the curved moon’s triumphal arch.



but might i now each passing moment give



to the coy muse, with me she would not live



in this dark city, nor would condescend



‘mid contradictions her delights to lend.



should e’er the fine-eyed maid to me be kind,



ah! surely it must be whene’er i find



some flowery spot, sequestered, wild, romantic,



that often must have seen a poet frantic;



where oaks, that erst the druid knew, are growing,



40

and flowers, the glory of one day, are blowing;



where the dark-leaved laburnum’s drooping clusters



reflect athwart the stream their yellow lustres,



and intertwined the cassia’s arms unite,



with its own drooping buds, but very white;



where on one side are covert branches hung,



‘mong which the nightingales have always sung



in leafy quiet: where to pry, aloof,



atween the pillars of the sylvan roof,



would be to find where violet beds were nestling,



50

and where the bee with cowslip bells was wrestling.



there must be too a ruin dark, and gloomy,



to say ‘joy not too much in all that’s bloomy’.



yet this is vain – o mathew, lend thy aid



to find a place where i may greet the maid –



where we may soft humanity put on,



and sit and rhyme, and think on chatterton;



and that warm-hearted shakespeare sent to meet him



four laurelled spirits, heaven-ward to entreat him.



with reverence would we speak of all the sages



60

who have left streaks of light athwart their ages:



and thou shouldst moralize on milton’s blindness,



and mourn the fearful dearth of human kindness



to those who strove with the bright golden wing



of genius, to flap away each sting



thrown by the pitiless world. we next could tell



of those who in the cause of freedom fell;



of our own alfred, of helvetian tell;



of him whose name to ev’ry heart’s a solace,



high-minded and unbending william wallace.



70

while to the rugged north our musing turns



we well might drop a tear for him, and burns.



felton! without incitements such as these,



how vain for me the niggard muse to tease:



for thee, she will thy every dwelling grace,



and make ‘a sun-shine in a shady place’:



for thou wast once a floweret blooming wild,



close to the source, bright, pure, and undefiled,



whence gush the streams of song: in happy hour



came chaste diana from her shady bower,



80

just as the sun was from the east uprising;



and, as for him some gift she was devising,



beheld thee, plucked thee, cast thee in the stream



to meet her glorious brother’s greeting beam.



i marvel much that thou hast never told



how, from a flower, into a fish of gold



apollo changed thee; how thou next didst seem



a black-eyed swan upon the widening stream;



and when thou first didst in that mirror trace



the placid features of a human face:



90

that thou hast never told thy travels strange,



and all the wonders of the mazy range



o’er pebbly crystal, and o’er golden sands,



kissing thy daily food from naiad’s pearly hands.





to [mary frogley]


hadst thou lived in days of old,



o what wonders had been told



of thy lively countenance,



and thy humid eyes that dance



in the midst of their own brightness,



in the very fane of lightness.



over which thine eyebrows, leaning,



picture out each lovely meaning:



in a dainty bend they lie,



10

like to streaks across the sky,



or the feathers from a crow,



fallen on a bed of snow.



of thy dark hair that extends



into many graceful bends:



as the leaves of hellebore



turn to whence they sprung before



and behind each ample curl



peeps the richness of a pearl.



downward too flows many a tress



20

with a glossy waviness;



full, and round like globes that rise



from the censer to the skies



through sunny air. add too, the sweetness



of thy honeyed voice; the neatness



of thine ankle lightly turned:



with those beauties, scarce discerned,



kept with such sweet privacy,



that they seldom meet the eye



of the little loves that fly



30

round about with eager pry.



saving when, with freshening lave,



thou dipp’st them in the taintless wave;



like twin water-lilies, born



in the coolness of the morn.



o, if thou hadst breathed then,



now the muses had been ten.



couldst thou wish for lineage higher



than twin sister of thalia?



at least for ever, evermore,



40

will i call the graces four.



hadst thou lived when chivalry



lifted up her lance on high,



tell me what thou wouldst have been?



ah! i see the silver sheen



of thy broidered, floating vest



covering half thine ivory breast;



which, o heavens! i should see,



but that cruel destiny



has placed a golden cuirass there;



50

keeping secret what is fair.



like sunbeams in a cloudlet nested



thy locks in knightly casque are rested:



o’er which bend four milky plumes



like the gentle lily’s blooms



springing from a costly vase.



see with what a stately pace



comes thine alabaster steed;



servant of heroic deed!



o’er his loins, his trappings glow



60

like the northern lights on snow.



mount his back! thy sword unsheathe!



sign of the enchanter’s death;



bane of every wicked spell;



silencer of dragon’s yell.



alas! thou this wilt never do –



thou art an enchantress too,



and wilt surely never spill



blood of those whose eyes can kill.





to —


had i a man’s fair form, then might my sighs



be echoed swiftly through that ivory shell



thine ear, and find thy gentle heart; so well



would passion arm me for the enterprise:



but ah! i am no knight whose foeman dies;



no cuirass glistens on my bosom’s swell;



i am no happy shepherd of the dell



whose lips have trembled with a maiden’s eyes.



yet must i dote upon thee – call thee sweet,



10

sweeter by far than hybla’s honeyed roses



when steeped in dew rich to intoxication.



ah! i will taste that dew, for me ’tis meet,



and when the moon her pallid face discloses,



i’ll gather some by spells, and incantation.





‘give me women, wine, and snuff’


give me women, wine, and snuff



until i cry out, ‘hold, enough!’



you may do so sans objection



till the day of resurrection;



for, bless my beard, they aye shall be



my beloved trinity.





specimen of an induction to a poem


lo! i must tell a tale of chivalry;



for large white plumes are dancing in mine eye.



not like the formal crest of latter days:



but bending in a thousand graceful ways –



so graceful, that it seems no mortal hand,



or e’en the touch of archimago’s wand,



could charm them into such an attitude.



we must think rather, that in playful mood,



some mountain breeze had turned its chief delight,



10

to show this wonder of its gentle might.



lo! i must tell a tale of chivalry;



for while i muse, the lance points slantingly



athwart the morning air: some lady sweet,



who cannot feel for cold her tender feet,



from the worn top of some old battlement



hails it with tears, her stout defender sent:



and from her own pure self no joy dissembling,



wraps round her ample robe with happy trembling.



sometimes, when the good knight his rest would take,



20

it is reflected, clearly, in a lake,



with the young ashen boughs, ’gainst which it rests,



and th’ half-seen mossiness of linnets’ nests.



ah! shall i ever tell its cruelty,



when the fire flashes from a warrior’s eye,



and his tremendous hand is grasping it,



and his dark brow for very wrath is knit?



or when his spirit, with more calm intent,



leaps to the honours of a tournament,



and makes the gazers round about the ring



30

stare at the grandeur of the balancing?



no, no! this is far off: – then how shall i



revive the dying tones of minstrelsy,



which linger yet about lone gothic arches,



in dark green ivy, and among wild larches?



how sing the splendour of the revelries,



when butts of wine are drunk off to the lees?



and that bright lance, against the fretted wall,



beneath the shade of stately banneral,



is slung with shining cuirass, sword, and shield



40

where ye may see a spur in bloody field?



light-footed damsels move with gentle paces



round the wide hall, and show their happy faces;



or stand in courtly talk by fives and sevens,



like those fair stars that twinkle in the heavens.



yet must i tell a tale of chivalry –



or wherefore comes that steed so proudly by?



wherefore more proudly does the gentle knight



rein in the swelling of his ample might?



spenser! thy brows are arched, open, kind,



50

and come like a clear sun-rise to my mind;



and always does my heart with pleasure dance,



when i think on thy noble countenance:



where never yet was aught more earthly seen



than the pure freshness of thy laurels green.



therefore, great bard, i not so fearfully



call on thy gentle spirit to hover nigh



my daring steps: or if thy tender care,



thus startled unaware,



be jealous that the foot of other wight



60

should madly follow that bright path of light



traced by thy loved libertas, he will speak,



and tell thee that my prayer is very meek;



that i will follow with due reverence,



and start with awe at mine own strange pretence.



him thou wilt hear; so i will rest in hope



to see wide plains, fair trees and lawny slope,



the morn, the eve, the light, the shade, the flowers,



clear streams, smooth lakes, and overlooking towers.





calidore. a fragment


young calidore is paddling o’er the lake,



his healthful spirit eager and awake



to feel the beauty of a silent eve,



which seemed full loth this happy world to leave,



the light dwelt o’er the scene so lingeringly.



he bares his forehead to the cool blue sky,



and smiles at the far clearness all around,



until his heart is well nigh over-wound,



and turns for calmness to the pleasant green



10

of easy slopes, and shadowy trees that lean



so elegantly o’er the waters’ brim



and show their blossoms trim.



scarce can his clear and nimble eyesight follow



the freaks, and dartings of the black-winged swallow,



delighting much, to see it half at rest,



dip so refreshingly its wings, and breast



‘gainst the smooth surface, and to mark anon,



the widening circles into nothing gone.



and now the sharp keel of his little boat



20

comes up with ripple, and with easy float,



and glides into a bed of water-lilies:



broad-leaved are they and their white canopies



are upward turned to catch the heavens’ dew.



near to a little island’s point they grew;



whence calidore might have the goodliest view



of this sweet spot of earth. the bowery shore



went off in gentle windings to the hoar



and light blue mountains: but no breathing man



with a warm heart, and eye prepared to scan



30

nature’s clear beauty, could pass lightly by



objects that looked out so invitingly



on either side. these, gentle calidore



greeted, as he had known them long before.



the sidelong view of swelling leafiness,



which the glad setting sun in gold doth dress;



whence ever and anon the jay outsprings,



and scales upon the beauty of its wings.



the lonely turret, shattered, and outworn,



stands venerably proud – too proud to mourn



40

its long lost grandeur: fir trees grow around,



aye dropping their hard fruit upon the ground.



the little chapel with the cross above



upholding wreaths of ivy; the white dove,



that on the window spreads his feathers light,



and seems from purple clouds to wing its flight.



green tufted islands casting their soft shades



across the lake; sequestered leafy glades,



that through the dimness of their twilight show



large dock leaves, spiral foxgloves, or the glow



50

of the wild cat’s-eyes, or the silvery stems



of delicate birch trees, or long grass which hems



a little brook. the youth had long been viewing



these pleasant things, and heaven was bedewing



the mountain flowers, when his glad senses caught



a trumpet’s silver voice. ah! it was fraught



with many joys for him. the warder’s ken



had found white coursers prancing in the glen:



friends very dear to him he soon will see;



so pushes off his boat most eagerly,



60

and soon upon the lake he skims along,



deaf to the nightingale’s first undersong;



nor minds he the white swans that dream so sweetly:



his spirit flies before him so completely.



and now he turns a jutting point of land,



whence may be seen the castle gloomy, and grand:



nor will a bee buzz round two swelling peaches,



before the point of his light shallop reaches



those marble steps that through the water dip:



now over them he goes with hasty trip,



70

and scarcely stays to ope the folding doors:



anon he leaps along the oaken floors



of halls and corridors.



delicious sounds! those little bright-eyed things



that float about the air on azure wings,



had been less heartfelt by him than the clang



of clattering hoofs. into the court he sprang,



just as two noble steeds, and palfreys twain,



were slanting out their necks with loosened rein;



while from beneath the threatening portcullis



80

they brought their happy burthens. what a kiss,



what gentle squeeze he gave each lady’s hand!



how tremblingly their delicate ankles spanned!



into how sweet a trance his soul was gone,



while whisperings of affection



made him delay to let their tender feet



come to the earth. with an incline so sweet



from their low palfreys o’er his neck they bent:



and whether there were tears of languishment,



or that the evening dew had pearled their tresses,



90

he feels a moisture on his cheek, and blesses



with lips that tremble, and with glistening eye,



all the soft luxury



that nestled in his arms. a dimpled hand,



fair as some wonder out of fairy land,



hung from his shoulder like the drooping flowers



of whitest cassia, fresh from summer showers:



and this he fondled with his happy cheek



as if for joy he would no further seek –



when the kind voice of good sir clerimond



100

came to his ear, like something from beyond



his present being: so he gently drew



his warm arms, thrilling now with pulses new,



from their sweet thrall, and forward gently bending,



thanked heaven that his joy was never ending,



while ’gainst his forehead he devoutly pressed



a hand heaven made to succour the distressed;



a hand that from the world’s bleak promontory



had lifted calidore for deeds of glory.



amid the pages, and the torches’ glare,



110

there stood a knight, patting the flowing hair



of his proud horse’s mane. he was withal



a man of elegance, and stature tall,



so that the waving of his plumes would be



high as the berries of a wild ash tree,



or as the winged cap of mercury.



his armour was so dexterously wrought



in shape, that sure no living man had thought



it hard, and heavy steel, but that indeed



it was some glorious form, some splendid weed,



120

in which a spirit new come from the skies



might live, and show itself to human eyes.



’tis the far-famed, the brave sir gondibert,



said the good man to calidore alert;



while the young warrior with a step of grace



came up – a courtly smile upon his face,



and mailed hand held out, ready to greet



the large-eyed wonder and ambitious heat



of the aspiring boy; who as he led



those smiling ladies, often turned his head



130

to admire the visor arched so gracefully



over a knightly brow; while they went by



the lamps that from the high-roofed hall were pendent,



and gave the steel a shining quite transcendent.



soon in a pleasant chamber they are seated;



the sweet-lipped ladies have already greeted



all the green leaves that round the window clamber,



to show their purple stars, and bells of amber.



sir gondibert had doffed his shining steel,



gladdening in the free and airy feel



140

of a light mantle; and while clerimond



is looking round about him with a fond



and placid eye, young calidore is burning



to hear of knightly deeds, and gallant spurning



of all unworthiness, and how the strong of arm



kept off dismay, and terror, and alarm



from lovely woman: while brimful of this,



he gave each damsel’s hand so warm a kiss,



and had such manly ardour in his eye,



that each at other looked half-staringly;



150

and then their features started into smiles



sweet as blue heavens o’er enchanted isles.



softly the breezes from the forest came,



softly they blew aside the taper’s flame;



clear was the song from philomel’s far bower;



grateful the incense from the lime-tree flower;



mysterious, wild, the far heard trumpet’s tone;



lovely the moon in ether, all alone:



sweet too the converse of these happy mortals,



as that of busy spirits when the portals



160

are closing in the west, or that soft humming



we hear around when hesperus is coming.



sweet be their sleep.…





‘to one who has been long in city pent’


to one who has been long in city pent,



’tis very sweet to look into the fair



and open face of heaven – to breathe a prayer



full in the smile of the blue firmament.



who is more happy, when, with heart’s content,



fatigued he sinks into some pleasant lair



of wavy grass, and reads a debonair



and gentle tale of love and languishment?



returning home at evening, with an ear



10

catching the notes of philomel – an eye



watching the sailing cloudlet’s bright career,



he mourns that day so soon has glided by:



e’en like the passage of an angel’s tear



that falls through the clear ether silently.





‘o! how i love, on a fair summer’s eve’


o! how i love, on a fair summer’s eve,



when streams of light pour down the golden west,



and on the balmy zephyrs tranquil rest



the silver clouds, far – far away to leave



all meaner thoughts, and take a sweet reprieve



from little cares; to find, with easy quest,



a fragrant wild, with nature’s beauty dressed,



and there into delight my soul deceive.



there warm my breast with patriotic lore,



10

musing on milton’s fate – on sidney’s bier –



till their stern forms before my mind arise:



perhaps on the wing of poesy upsoar,



full often dropping a delicious tear,



when some melodious sorrow spells mine eyes.





to a friend who sent me some roses


as late i rambled in the happy fields –



what time the skylark shakes the tremulous dew



from his lush clover covert, when anew



adventurous knights take up their dinted shields –



i saw the sweetest flower wild nature yields,



a fresh-blown musk-rose; ’twas the first that threw



its sweets upon the summer: graceful it grew



as is the wand that queen titania wields.



and, as i feasted on its fragrancy,



10

i thought the garden-rose it far excelled:



but when, o wells! thy roses came to me



my sense with their deliciousness was spelled:



soft voices had they, that with tender plea



whispered of peace, and truth, and friendliness unquelled.





to my brother george


many the wonders i this day have seen:



the sun, when first he kissed away the tears



that filled the eyes of morn – the laurelled peers



who from the feathery gold of evening lean –



the ocean with its vastness, its blue green,



its ships, its rocks, its caves, its hopes, its fears –



its voice mysterious, which whoso hears



must think on what will be, and what has been.



e’en now, dear george, while this for you i write,



10

cynthia is from her silken curtains peeping



so scantly, that it seems her bridal night,



and she her half-discovered revels keeping.



but what, without the social thought of thee,



would be the wonders of the sky and sea?





to my brother george


full many a dreary hour have i passed,



my brain bewildered, and my mind o’ercast



with heaviness; in seasons when i’ve thought



no sphery strains by me could e’er be caught



from the blue dome, though i to dimness gaze



on the far depth where sheeted lightning plays;



or, on the wavy grass outstretched supinely,



pry ’mong the stars, to strive to think divinely:



that i should never hear apollo’s song,



10

though feathery clouds were floating all along



the purple west, and, two bright streaks between,



the golden lyre itself were dimly seen:



that the still murmur of the honey bee



would never teach a rural song to me:



that the bright glance from beauty’s eyelids slanting



would never make a lay of mine enchanting,



or warm my breast with ardour to unfold



some tale of love and arms in time of old.



but there are times, when those that love the bay,



20

fly from all sorrowing far, far away;



a sudden glow comes on them, naught they see



in water, earth, or air, but poesy.



it has been said, dear george, and true i hold it,



(for knightly spenser to libertas told it,)



that when a poet is in such a trance,



in air he sees white coursers paw, and prance,



bestridden of gay knights, in gay apparel,



who at each other tilt in playful quarrel,



and what we, ignorantly, sheet-lightning call,



30

is the swift opening of their wide portal,



when the bright warder blows his trumpet clear,



whose tones reach naught on earth but poet’s ear.



when these enchanted portals open wide,



and through the light the horsemen swiftly glide,



the poet’s eye can reach those golden halls,



and view the glory of their festivals:



their ladies fair, that in the distance seem



fit for the silvering of a seraph’s dream;



their rich brimmed goblets, that incessant run



40

like the bright spots that move about the sun;



and, when upheld, the wine from each bright jar



pours with the lustre of a falling star.



yet further off, are dimly seen their bowers,



of which, no mortal eye can reach the flowers –



and ’tis right just, for well apollo knows



‘twould make the poet quarrel with the rose.



all that’s revealed from that far seat of blisses,



is, the clear fountains’ interchanging kisses,



as gracefully descending, light and thin,



50

like silver streaks across a dolphin’s fin,



when he upswimmeth from the coral caves,



and sports with half his tail above the waves.



these wonders strange he sees, and many more,



whose head is pregnant with poetic lore.



should he upon an evening ramble fare



with forehead to the soothing breezes bare,



would he naught see but the dark, silent blue



with all its diamonds trembling through and through?



or the coy moon, when in the waviness



60

of whitest clouds she does her beauty dress,



and staidly paces higher up, and higher,



like a sweet nun in holy-day attire?



ah, yes! much more would start into his sight –



the revelries, and mysteries of night:



and should i ever see them, i will tell you



such tales as needs must with amazement spell you.



these are the living pleasures of the bard:



but richer far posterity’s award.



what does he murmur with his latest breath,



70

while his proud eye looks through the film of death?



‘what though i leave this dull, and earthly mould,



yet shall my spirit lofty converse hold



with after times. the patriot shall feel



my stern alarum, and unsheathe his steel;



or, in the senate thunder out my numbers



to startle princes from their easy slumbers.



the sage will mingle with each moral theme



my happy thoughts sententious; he will teem



with lofty periods when my verses fire him,



80

and then i’ll stoop from heaven to inspire him.



lays have i left of such a dear delight



that maids will sing them on their bridal night.



gay villagers, upon a morn of may,



when they have tired their gentle limbs with play,



and formed a snowy circle on the grass,



and placed in midst of all that lovely lass



who chosen is their queen – with her fine head



crowned with flowers purple, white, and red:



for there the lily, and the musk-rose, sighing,



90

are emblems true of hapless lovers dying.



between her breasts, that never yet felt trouble,



a bunch of violets full blown, and double,



serenely sleep: she from a casket takes



a little book and then a joy awakes



about each youthful heart, with stifled cries,



and rubbing of white hands, and sparkling eyes –



for she’s to read a tale of hopes, and fears,



one that i fostered in my youthful years.



the pearls, that on each glistening circlet sleep,



100

gush ever and anon with silent creep,



lured by the innocent dimples. to sweet rest



shall the dear babe, upon its mother’s breast,



be lulled with songs of mine. fair world, adieu!



thy dales, and hills, are fading from my view:



swiftly i mount, upon wide spreading pinions,



far from the narrow bounds of thy dominions.



full joy i feel, while thus i cleave the air,



that my soft verse will charm thy daughters fair,



and warm thy sons!’ ah, my dear friend and brother,



110

could i, at once, my mad ambition smother,



for tasting joys like these, sure i should be



happier, and dearer to society.



at times, ’tis true, i’ve felt relief from pain



when some bright thought has darted through my brain:



through all that day i’ve felt a greater pleasure



than if i’d brought to light a hidden treasure.



as to my sonnets, though none else should heed them,



i feel delighted, still, that you should read them.



of late, too, i have had much calm enjoyment,



120

stretched on the grass at my best loved employment



of scribbling lines for you. these things i thought



while, in my face, the freshest breeze i caught.



e’en now i’m pillowed on a bed of flowers



that crowns a lofty clift, which proudly towers



above the ocean-waves. the stalks, and blades,



chequer my tablet with their quivering shades.



on one side is a field of drooping oats,



through which the poppies show their scarlet coats,



so pert and useless, that they bring to mind



130

the scarlet coats that pester human-kind.



and on the other side, outspread, is seen



ocean’s blue mantle streaked with purple, and green.



now ’tis i see a canvassed ship, and now



mark the bright silver curling round her prow.



i see the lark down-dropping to his nest



and the broad winged sea-gull never at rest;



for when no more he spreads his feathers free,



his breast is dancing on the restless sea.



now i direct my eyes into the west,



140

which at this moment is in sunbeams dressed:



why westward turn? ’twas but to say adieu!



’twas but to kiss my hand, dear george, to you!





to charles cowden clarke


oft have you seen a swan superbly frowning,



and with proud breast his own white shadow crowning;



he slants his neck beneath the waters bright



so silently, it seems a beam of light



come from the galaxy: anon he sports –



with outspread wings the naiad zephyr courts,



or ruffles all the surface of the lake



in striving from its crystal face to take



some diamond water drops, and them to treasure



10

in milky nest, and sip them off at leisure.



but not a moment can he there insure them,



nor to such downy rest can he allure them;



for down they rush as though they would be free,



and drop like hours into eternity.



just like that bird am i in loss of time,



whene’er i venture on the stream of rhyme;



with shattered boat, oar snapped, and canvas rent



i slowly sail, scarce knowing my intent;



still scooping up the water with my fingers,



20

in which a trembling diamond never lingers.



by this, friend charles, you may full plainly see



why i have never penned a line to thee:



because my thoughts were never free, and clear,



and little fit to please a classic ear;



because my wine was of too poor a savour



for one whose palate gladdens in the flavour



of sparkling helicon – small good it were



to take him to a desert rude, and bare,



who had on baiae’s shore reclined at ease,



30

while tasso’s page was floating in a breeze



that gave soft music from armida’s bowers,



mingled with fragrance from her rarest flowers:



small good to one who had by mulla’s stream



fondled the maidens with the breasts of cream;



who had beheld belphoebe in a brook,



and lovely una in a leafy nook,



and archimago leaning o’er his book:



who had of all that’s sweet tasted, and seen,



from silvery ripple, up to beauty’s queen;



40

from the sequestered haunts of gay titania,



to the blue dwelling of divine urania :



one, who, of late, had ta’en sweet forest walks



with him who elegantly chats, and talks –



the wronged libertas – who has told you stories



of laurel chaplets, and apollo’s glories;



of troops chivalrous prancing through a city,



and tearful ladies made for love, and pity:



with many else which i have never known.



thus have i thought; and days on days have flown



50

slowly, or rapidly – unwilling still



for you to try my dull, unlearned quill.



nor should i now, but that i’ve known you long,



that you first taught me all the sweets of song:



the grand, the sweet, the terse, the free, the fine;



what swelled with pathos, and what right divine;



spenserian vowels that elope with ease,



and float along like birds o’er summer seas;



miltonian storms, and more, miltonian tenderness;



michael in arms, and more, meek eve’s fair slenderness.



60

who read for me the sonnet swelling loudly



up to its climax and then dying proudly?



who found for me the grandeur of the ode,



growing, like atlas, stronger from its load?



who let me taste that more than cordial dram,



the sharp, the rapier-pointed epigram?



showed me that epic was of all the king,



round, vast, and spanning all like saturn’s ring?



you too upheld the veil from clio’s beauty,



and pointed out the patriot’s stern duty;



70

the might of alfred, and the shaft of tell;



the hand of brutus, that so grandly fell



upon a tyrant’s head. ah! had i never seen,



or known your kindness, what might i have been?



what my enjoyments in my youthful years,



bereft of all that now my life endears?



and can i e’er these benefits forget?



and can i e’er repay the friendly debt?



no, doubly no – yet should these rhymings please,



i shall roll on the grass with two-fold ease:



80

for i have long time been my fancy feeding



with hopes that you would one day think the reading



of my rough verses not an hour misspent;



should it e’er be so, what a rich content!



some weeks have passed since last i saw the spires



in lucent thames reflected – warm desires



to see the sun o’er-peep the eastern dimness,



and morning shadows streaking into slimness



across the lawny fields, and pebbly water;



to mark the time as they grow broad, and shorter;



90

to feel the air that plays about the hills,



and sips its freshness from the little rills;



to see high, golden corn wave in the light



when cynthia smiles upon a summer’s night,



and peers among the cloudlets jet and white,



as though she were reclining in a bed



of bean blossoms, in heaven freshly shed –



no sooner had i stepped into these pleasures



than i began to think of rhymes and measures:



the air that floated by me seemed to say



100

‘write! thou wilt never have a better day.’



and so i did. when many lines i’d written,



though with their grace i was not oversmitten,



yet, as my hand was warm, i thought i’d better



trust to my feelings, and write you a letter.



such an attempt required an inspiration



of a peculiar sort – a consummation –



which, had i felt, these scribblings might have been



verses from which the soul would never wean:



but many days have passed since last my heart



110

was warmed luxuriously by divine mozart,



by arne delighted, or by handel maddened,



or by the song of erin pierced and saddened,



what time you were before the music sitting,



and the rich notes to each sensation fitting.



since i have walked with you through shady lanes



that freshly terminate in open plains,



and revelled in a chat that ceased not



when at night-fall among your books we got:



no, nor when supper came, nor after that –



120

nor when reluctantly i took my hat;



no, nor till cordially you shook my hand



mid-way between our homes. your accents bland



still sounded in my ears, when i no more



could hear your footsteps touch the gravelly floor.



sometimes i lost them, and then found again;



you changed the footpath for the grassy plain.



in those still moments i have wished you joys



that well you know to honour – ‘life’s very toys



with him,’ said i, ‘will take a pleasant charm;



130

it cannot be that aught will work him harm.’



these thoughts now come o’er me with all their might –



again i shake your hand – friend charles, good night.





‘how many bards gild the lapses of time!’


how many bards gild the lapses of time!



a few of them have ever been the food



of my delighted fancy – i could brood



over their beauties, earthly, or sublime:



and often, when i sit me down to rhyme,



these will in throngs before my mind intrude:



but no confusion, no disturbance rude



do they occasion; ’tis a pleasing chime.



so the unnumbered sounds that evening store;



10

the songs of birds, the whispering of the leaves,



the voice of waters, the great bell that heaves



with solemn sound, and thousand others more,



that distance of recognizance bereaves,



make pleasing music, and not wild uproar.





on first looking into chapman’s homer


much have i travelled in the realms of gold,



and many goodly states and kingdoms seen;



round many western islands have i been



which bards in fealty to apollo hold.



oft of one wide expanse had i been told



that deep-browed homer ruled as his demesne;



yet did i never breathe its pure serene



till i heard chapman speak out loud and bold:



then felt i like some watcher of the skies



10

when a new planet swims into his ken;



or like stout cortez when with eagle eyes



he stared at the pacific – and all his men



looked at each other with a wild surmise –



silent, upon a peak in darien.





to a young lady who sent me a laurel crown


fresh morning gusts have blown away all fear



from my glad bosom: now from gloominess



i mount for ever – not an atom less



than the proud laurel shall content my bier.



no! by the eternal stars! or why sit here



in the sun’s eye, and ’gainst my temples press



apollo’s very leaves, woven to bless



by thy white fingers and thy spirit clear.



lo! who dares say, ‘do this’? who dares call down



10

my will from its high purpose? who say, ‘stand’,



or ‘go’? this very moment i would frown



on abject caesars – not the stoutest band



of mailed heroes should tear off my crown:



yet would i kneel and kiss thy gentle hand!





on leaving some friends at an early hour


give me a golden pen, and let me lean



on heaped up flowers, in regions clear, and far;



bring me a tablet whiter than a star,



or hand of hymning angel, when ’tis seen



the silver strings of heavenly harp atween:



and let there glide by many a pearly car,



pink robes, and wavy hair, and diamond jar,



and half-discovered wings, and glances keen.



the while let music wander round my ears,



10

and as it reaches each delicious ending,



let me write down a line of glorious tone,



and full of many wonders of the spheres:



for what a height my spirit is contending!



’tis not content so soon to be alone.





‘keen, fitful gusts are whispering here and there’


keen, fitful gusts are whispering here and there



among the bushes half leafless, and dry;



the stars look very cold about the sky,



and i have many miles on foot to fare.



yet feel i little of the cool bleak air,



or of the dead leaves rustling drearily,



or of those silver lamps that burn on high,



or of the distance from home’s pleasant lair:



for i am brimful of the friendliness



10

that in a little cottage i have found;



of fair-haired milton’s eloquent distress,



and all his love for gentle lycid drowned;



of lovely laura in her light green dress,



and faithful petrarch gloriously crowned.





addressed to haydon


highmindedness, a jealousy for good,



a loving-kindness for the great man’s fame,



dwells here and there with people of no name,



in noisome alley, and in pathless wood:



and where we think the truth least understood,



oft may be found a ‘singleness of aim’,



that ought to frighten into hooded shame



a money-mongering, pitiable brood.



how glorious this affection for the cause



10

of steadfast genius, toiling gallantly!



what when a stout unbending champion awes



envy, and malice to their native sty?



unnumbered souls breathe out a still applause,



proud to behold him in his country’s eye.





to my brothers


small, busy flames play through the fresh-laid coals,



and their faint cracklings o’er our silence creep



like whispers of the household gods that keep



a gentle empire o’er fraternal souls.



and while, for rhymes, i search around the poles,



your eyes are fixed, as in poetic sleep,



upon the lore so voluble and deep,



that aye at fall of night our care condoles.



this is your birth-day tom, and i rejoice



10

that thus it passes smoothly, quietly.



many such eves of gently whispering noise



may we together pass, and calmly try



what are this world’s true joys – ere the great voice,



from its fair face, shall bid our spirits fly.





addressed to [haydon]


great spirits now on earth are sojourning;



he of the cloud, the cataract, the lake,



who on helvellyn’s summit, wide awake,



catches his freshness from archangel’s wing:



he of the rose, the violet, the spring,



the social smile, the chain for freedom’s sake:



and lo! – whose steadfastness would never take



a meaner sound than raphael’s whispering.



and other spirits there are standing apart



10

upon the forehead of the age to come;



these, these will give the world another heart,



and other pulses. hear ye not the hum



of mighty workings? –



listen awhile ye nations, and be dumb.





‘i stood tip-toe upon a little hill’


‘places of nestling green for poets made’

‘the story of rimini’



i stood tip-toe upon a little hill,



the air was cooling, and so very still,



that the sweet buds which with a modest pride



pull droopingly, in slanting curve aside,



their scantly leaved, and finely tapering stems,



had not yet lost those starry diadems



caught from the early sobbing of the morn.



the clouds were pure and white as flocks new shorn,



and fresh from the clear brook; sweetly they slept



10

on the blue fields of heaven, and then there crept



a little noiseless noise among the leaves,



born of the very sigh that silence heaves:



for not the faintest motion could be seen



of all the shades that slanted o’er the green.



there was wide wandering for the greediest eye,



to peer about upon variety;



far round the horizon’s crystal air to skim,



and trace the dwindled edgings of its brim;



to picture out the quaint, and curious bending



20

of a fresh woodland alley, never ending;



or by the bowery clefts, and leafy shelves,



guess where the jaunty streams refresh themselves.



i gazed awhile, and felt as light, and free



as though the fanning wings of mercury



had played upon my heels: i was light-hearted,



and many pleasures to my vision started;



so i straightway began to pluck a posy



of luxuries bright, milky, soft and rosy.



a bush of may flowers with the bees about them;



30

ah, sure no tasteful nook would be without them;



and let a lush laburnum oversweep them,



and let long grass grow round the roots to keep them



moist, cool and green; and shade the violets,



that they may bind the moss in leafy nets.



a filbert hedge with wild briar overtwined,



and clumps of woodbine taking the soft wind



upon their summer thrones; there too should be



the frequent chequer of a youngling tree,



that with a score of light green brethren shoots



40

from the quaint mossiness of aged roots:



round which is heard a spring-head of clear waters



babbling so wildly of its lovely daughters



the spreading blue-bells – it may haply mourn



that such fair clusters should be rudely torn



from their fresh beds, and scattered thoughtlessly



by infant hands, left on the path to die.



open afresh your round of starry folds,



ye ardent marigolds!



dry up the moisture from your golden lids,



50

for great apollo bids



that in these days your praises should be sung



on many harps, which he has lately strung;



and when again your dewiness he kisses,



tell him, i have you in my world of blisses:



so haply when i rove in some far vale,



his mighty voice may come upon the gale.



here are sweet peas, on tip-toe for a flight:



with wings of gentle flush o’er delicate white,



and taper fingers catching at all things,



60

to bind them all about with tiny rings.



linger awhile upon some bending planks



that lean against a streamlet’s rushy banks,



and watch intently nature’s gentle doings:



they will be found softer than ring-dove’s cooings.



how silent comes the water round that bend;



not the minutest whisper does it send



to the o’erhanging sallows: blades of grass



slowly across the chequered shadows pass –



why, you might read two sonnets, ere they reach



70

to where the hurrying freshnesses aye preach



a natural sermon o’er their pebbly beds;



where swarms of minnows show their little heads,



staying their wavy bodies ’gainst the streams,



to taste the luxury of sunny beams



tempered with coolness. how they ever wrestle



with their own sweet delight, and ever nestle



their silver bellies on the pebbly sand.



if you but scantily hold out the hand,



that very instant not one will remain;



80

but turn your eye, and they are there again.



the ripples seem right glad to reach those cresses,



and cool themselves among the emerald tresses;



the while they cool themselves, they freshness give,



and moisture, that the bowery green may live:



so keeping up an interchange of favours,



like good men in the truth of their behaviours.



sometimes goldfinches one by one will drop



from low-hung branches; little space they stop;



but sip, and twitter, and their feathers sleek –



90

then off at once, as in a wanton freak:



or perhaps, to show their black, and golden wings,



pausing upon their yellow flutterings.



were i in such a place, i sure should pray



that naught less sweet might call my thoughts away,



than the soft rustle of a maiden’s gown



fanning away the dandelion’s down;



than the light music of her nimble toes



patting against the sorrel as she goes.



how she would start, and blush, thus to be caught



100

playing in all her innocence of thought.



o let me lead her gently o’er the brook,



watch her half-smiling lips, and downward look;



o let me for one moment touch her wrist;



let me one moment to her breathing list;



and as she leaves me may she often turn



her fair eyes looking through her locks aubùrn.



what next? a tuft of evening primroses,



o’er which the mind may hover till it dozes;



o’er which it well might take a pleasant sleep,



110

but that ’tis ever startled by the leap



of buds into ripe flowers; or by the flitting



of diverse moths, that aye their rest are quitting;



or by the moon lifting her silver rim



above a cloud, and with a gradual swim



coming into the blue with all her light.



o maker of sweet poets, dear delight



of this fair world, and all its gentle livers;



spangler of clouds, halo of crystal rivers,



mingler with leaves, and dew and tumbling streams,



120

closer of lovely eyes to lovely dreams,



lover of loneliness, and wandering,



of upcast eye, and tender pondering!



thee must i praise above all other glories



that smile us on to tell delightful stories.



for what has made the sage or poet write



but the fair paradise of nature’s light?



in the calm grandeur of a sober line,



we see the waving of the mountain pine;



and when a tale is beautifully staid,



130

we feel the safety of a hawthorn glade:



when it is moving on luxurious wings,



the soul is lost in pleasant smotherings:



fair dewy roses brush against our faces,



and flowering laurels spring from diamond vases;



o’er head we see the jasmine and sweet briar,



and bloomy grapes laughing from green attire;



while at our feet, the voice of crystal bubbles



charms us at once away from all our troubles:



so that we feel uplifted from the world,



140

walking upon the white clouds wreathed and curled.



so felt he, who first told, how psyche went



on the smooth wind to realms of wonderment;



what psyche felt, and love, when their full lips



first touched; what amorous, and fondling nips



they gave each other’s cheeks; with all their sighs,



and how they kissed each other’s tremulous eyes;



the silver lamp – the ravishment – the wonder –



the darkness – loneliness – the fearful thunder;



their woes gone by, and both to heaven upflown,



150

to bow for gratitude before jove’s throne.



so did he feel, who pulled the boughs aside,



that we might look into a forest wide,



to catch a glimpse of fauns and dryades



coming with softest rustle through the trees,



and garlands woven of flowers wild, and sweet,



upheld on ivory wrists, or sporting feet:



telling us how fair, trembling syrinx fled



arcadian pan, with such a fearful dread.



poor nymph – poor pan – how he did weep to find,



160

naught but a lovely sighing of the wind



along the reedy stream; a half-heard strain,



full of sweet desolation – balmy pain.



what first inspired a bard of old to sing



narcissus pining o’er the untainted spring?



in some delicious ramble, he had found



a little space, with boughs all woven round;



and in the midst of all, a clearer pool



than e’er reflected in its pleasant cool



the blue sky here, and there, serenely peeping



170

through tendril wreaths fantastically creeping.



and on the bank a lonely flower he spied,



a meek and forlorn flower, with naught of pride,



drooping its beauty o’er the watery clearness,



to woo its own sad image into nearness:



deaf to light zephyrus it would not move;



but still would seem to droop, to pine, to love.



so while the poet stood in this sweet spot,



some fainter gleamings o’er his fancy shot;



nor was it long ere he had told the tale



180

of young narcissus, and sad echo’s bale.



where had he been, from whose warm head out-flew



that sweetest of all songs, that ever new,



that aye refreshing, pure deliciousness,



coming ever to bless



the wanderer by moonlight? to him bringing



shapes from the invisible world, unearthly singing



from out the middle air, from flowery nests,



and from the pillowy silkiness that rests



full in the speculation of the stars.



190

ah! surely he had burst our mortal bars;



into some wondrous region he had gone,



to search for thee, divine endymion!



he was a poet, sure a lover too,



who stood on latmos’ top, what time there blew



soft breezes from the myrtle vale below;



and brought in faintness solemn, sweet, and slow



a hymn from dian’s temple; while upswelling,



the incense went to her own starry dwelling.



but though her face was clear as infant’s eyes,



200

though she stood smiling o’er the sacrifice,



the poet wept at her so piteous fate,



wept that such beauty should be desolate:



so in fine wrath some golden sounds he won,



and gave meek cynthia her endymion.



queen of the wide air! thou most lovely queen



of all the brightness that mine eyes have seen!



as thou exceedest all things in thy shine,



so every tale, does this sweet tale of thine.



o for three words of honey, that i might



210

tell but one wonder of thy bridal night!



where distant ships do seem to show their keels,



phoebus awhile delayed his mighty wheels,



and turned to smile upon thy bashful eyes,



ere he his unseen pomp would solemnize.



the evening weather was so bright and clear,



that men of health were of unusual cheer;



stepping like homer at the trumpet’s call,



or young apollo on the pedestal:



and lovely women were as fair and warm,



220

as venus looking sideways in alarm.



the breezes were ethereal, and pure,



and crept through half-closed lattices to cure



the languid sick; it cooled their fevered sleep,



and soothed them into slumbers full and deep.



soon they awoke clear-eyed: nor burnt with thirsting,



nor with hot fingers, nor with temples bursting:



and springing up, they met the wondering sight



of their dear friends, nigh foolish with delight;



who feel their arms, and breasts, and kiss and stare,



230

and on their placid foreheads part the hair.



young men, and maidens at each other gazed



with hands held back, and motionless, amazed



to see the brightness in each other’s eyes;



and so they stood, filled with a sweet surprise,



until their tongues were loosed in poesy.



therefore no lover did of anguish die:



but the soft numbers, in that moment spoken,



made silken ties, that never may be broken.



cynthia! i cannot tell the greater blisses,



240

that followed thine, and thy dear shepherd’s kisses:



was there a poet born? – but now no more,



my wandering spirit must no further soar. –





sleep and poetry


‘as i lay in my bed slepe full unmete

was unto me, but why that i ne might

rest i ne wist, for there n’as earthly wight

[as i suppose] had more of hertis ese

than i, for i n’ad sicknesse nor disese.’

chaucer





what is more gentle than a wind in summer?



what is more soothing than the pretty hummer



that stays one moment in an open flower,



and buzzes cheerily from bower to bower?



what is more tranquil than a musk-rose blowing



in a green island, far from all men’s knowing?



more healthful than the leafiness of dales?



more secret than a nest of nightingales?



more serene than cordelia’s countenance?



10

more full of visions than a high romance?



what, but thee sleep? soft closer of our eyes!



low murmurer of tender lullabies!



light hoverer around our happy pillows!



wreather of poppy buds, and weeping willows!



silent entangler of a beauty’s tresses!



most happy listener! when the morning blesses



thee for enlivening all the cheerful eyes



that glance so brightly at the new sun-rise.



but what is higher beyond thought than thee?



20

fresher than berries of a mountain tree?



more strange, more beautiful, more smooth, more regal,



than wings of swans, than doves, than dim-seen eagle?



what is it? and to what shall i compare it?



it has a glory, and naught else can share it:



the thought thereof is awful, sweet, and holy,



chasing away all worldliness and folly;



coming sometimes like fearful claps of thunder,



or the low rumblings earth’s regions under;



and sometimes like a gentle whispering



30

of all the secrets of some wondrous thing



that breathes about us in the vacant air;



so that we look around with prying stare,



perhaps to see shapes of light, aërial limning,



and catch soft floatings from a faint-heard hymning,



to see the laurel wreath, on high suspended,



that is to crown our name when life is ended.



sometimes it gives a glory to the voice,



and from the heart up-springs, ‘rejoice! rejoice!’ –



sounds which will reach the framer of all things,



40

and die away in ardent mutterings.



no one who once the glorious sun has seen,



and all the clouds, and felt his bosom clean



for his great maker’s presence, but must know



what ’tis i mean, and feel his being glow:



therefore no insult will i give his spirit,



by telling what he sees from native merit.



o poesy! for thee i hold my pen



that am not yet a glorious denizen



of thy wide heaven – should i rather kneel



50

upon some mountain-top until i feel



a glowing splendour round about me hung,



and echo back the voice of thine own tongue?



o poesy! for thee i grasp my pen



that am not yet a glorious denizen



of thy wide heaven; yet, to my ardent prayer,



yield from thy sanctuary some clear air,



smoothed for intoxication by the breath



of flowering bays, that i may die a death



of luxury, and my young spirit follow



60

the morning sunbeams to the great apollo



like a fresh sacrifice; or, if i can bear



the o’erwhelming sweets, ’twill bring to me the fair



visions of all places: a bowery nook



will be elysium – an eternal book



whence i may copy many a lovely saying



about the leaves, and flowers – about the playing



of nymphs in woods, and fountains; and the shade



keeping a silence round a sleeping maid;



and many a verse from so strange influence



70

that we must ever wonder how, and whence



it came. also imaginings will hover



round my fire-side, and haply there discover



vistas of solemn beauty, where i’d wander



in happy silence, like the clear meander



through its lone vales; and where i found a spot



of awfuller shade, or an enchanted grot,



or a green hill o’erspread with chequered dress



of flowers, and fearful from its loveliness,



write on my tablets all that was permitted,



80

all that was for our human senses fitted.



then the events of this wide world i’d seize



like a strong giant, and my spirit tease



till at its shoulders it should proudly see



wings to find out an immortality.



stop and consider! life is but a day;



a fragile dew-drop on its perilous way



from a tree’s summit; a poor indian’s sleep



while his boat hastens to the monstrous steep



of montmorenci. why so sad a moan?



90

life is the rose’s hope while yet unblown;



the reading of an ever-changing tale;



the light uplifting of a maiden’s veil;



a pigeon tumbling in clear summer air;



a laughing school-boy, without grief or care,



riding the springy branches of an elm.



o for ten years, that i may overwhelm



myself in poesy; so i may do the deed



that my own soul has to itself decreed.



then will i pass the countries that i see



100

in long perspective, and continually



taste their pure fountains. first the realm i’ll pass



of flora, and old pan: sleep in the grass,



feed upon apples red, and strawberries,



and choose each pleasure that my fancy sees;



catch the white-handed nymphs in shady places,



to woo sweet kisses from averted faces –



play with their fingers, touch their shoulders white



into a pretty shrinking with a bite



as hard as lips can make it, till, agreed,



110

a lovely tale of human life we’ll read.



and one will teach a tame dove how it best



may fan the cool air gently o’er my rest;



another, bending o’er her nimble tread,



will set a green robe floating round her head,



and still will dance with ever varied ease,



smiling upon the flowers and the trees:



another will entice me on, and on



through almond blossoms and rich cinnamon;



till in the bosom of a leafy world



120

we rest in silence, like two gems upcurled



in the recesses of a pearly shell.



and can i ever bid these joys farewell?



yes, i must pass them for a nobler life,



where i may find the agonies, the strife



of human hearts – for lo! i see afar,



o’er-sailing the blue cragginess, a car



and steeds with streamy manes – the charioteer



looks out upon the winds with glorious fear:



and now the numerous tramplings quiver lightly



130

along a huge cloud’s ridge; and now with sprightly



wheel downward come they into fresher skies,



tipped round with silver from the sun’s bright eyes.



still downward with capacious whirl they glide;



and now i see them on a green-hill’s side



in breezy rest among the nodding stalks.



the charioteer with wondrous gesture talks



to the trees and mountains; and there soon appear



shapes of delight, of mystery, and fear,



passing along before a dusky space



140

made by some mighty oaks: as they would chase



some ever-fleeting music on they sweep.



lo! how they murmur, laugh, and smile, and weep –



some with upholden hand and mouth severe;



some with their faces muffled to the ear



between their arms; some, clear in youthful bloom,



go glad and smilingly athwart the gloom;



some looking back, and some with upward gaze;



yes, thousands in a thousand different ways



flit onward – now a lovely wreath of girls



150

dancing their sleek hair into tangled curls;



and now broad wings. most awfully intent



the driver of those steeds is forward bent,



and seems to listen: o that i might know



all that he writes with such a hurrying glow.



the visions all are fled – the car is fled



into the light of heaven, and in their stead



a sense of real things comes doubly strong,



and, like a muddy stream, would bear along



my soul to nothingness: but i will strive



160

against all doubtings, and will keep alive



the thought of that same chariot, and the strange



journey it went.



is there so small a range



in the present strength of manhood, that the high



imagination cannot freely fly



as she was wont of old? prepare her steeds,



paw up against the light, and do strange deeds



upon the clouds? has she not shown us all?



from the clear space of ether, to the small



breath of new buds unfolding? from the meaning



170

of jove’s large eye-brow, to the tender greening



of april meadows? here her altar shone,



e’en in this isle; and who could paragon



the fervid choir that lifted up a noise



of harmony, to where it aye will poise



its mighty self of convoluting sound,



huge as a planet, and like that roll round,



eternally around a dizzy void?



ay, in those days the muses were nigh cloyed



with honours; nor had any other care



180

than to sing out and soothe their wavy hair.



could all this be forgotten? yes, a schism



nurtured by foppery and barbarism,



made great apollo blush for this his land.



men were thought wise who could not understand



his glories: with a puling infant’s force



they swayed about upon a rocking horse,



and thought it pegasus. ah, dismal souled!



the winds of heaven blew, the ocean rolled



its gathering waves – ye felt it not. the blue



190

bared its eternal bosom, and the dew



of summer nights collected still to make



the morning precious: beauty was awake!



why were ye not awake? but ye were dead



to things ye knew not of – were closely wed



to musty laws lined out with wretched rule



and compass vile: so that ye taught a school



of dolts to smooth, inlay, and clip, and fit,



till, like the certain wands of jacob’s wit,



their verses tallied. easy was the task:



200

a thousand handicraftsmen wore the mask



of poesy. ill-fated, impious race!



that blasphemed the bright lyrist to his face,



and did not know it! no, they went about,



holding a poor, decrepit standard out



marked with most flimsy mottoes, and in large



the name of one boileau!



o ye whose charge



it is to hover round our pleasant hills!



whose congregated majesty so fills



my boundly reverence, that i cannot trace



210

your hallowed names, in this unholy place,



so near those common folk – did not their shames



affright you? did our old lamenting thames



delight you? did ye never cluster round



delicious avon, with a mournful sound,



and weep? or did ye wholly bid adieu



to regions where no more the laurel grew?



or did ye stay to give a welcoming



to some lone spirits who could proudly sing



their youth away, and die? ’twas even so.



220

but let me think away those times of woe:



now ’tis a fairer season; ye have breathed



rich benedictions o’er us; ye have wreathed



fresh garlands: for sweet music has been heard



in many places – some has been upstirred



from out its crystal dwelling in a lake,



by a swan’s ebon bill; from a thick brake,



nested and quiet in a valley mild,



bubbles a pipe – fine sounds are floating wild



about the earth: happy are ye and glad.



230

these things are doubtless: yet in truth we’ve had



strange thunders from the potency of song;



mingled indeed with what is sweet and strong,



from majesty: but in clear truth the themes



are ugly clubs, the poets polyphemes



disturbing the grand sea. a drainless shower



of light is poesy; ’tis the supreme of power;



’tis might half-slumbering on its own right arm.



the very archings of her eye-lids charm



a thousand willing agents to obey,



240

and still she governs with the mildest sway:



but strength alone, though of the muses born,



is like a fallen angel: trees uptorn,



darkness, and worms, and shrouds, and sepulchres



delight it; for it feeds upon the burrs,



and thorns of life; forgetting the great end



of poesy, that it should be a friend



to soothe the cares, and lift the thoughts of man.



yet i rejoice: a myrtle fairer than



e’er grew in paphos, from the bitter weeds



250

lifts its sweet head into the air, and feeds



a silent space with ever sprouting green.



all tenderest birds there find a pleasant screen,



creep through the shade with jaunty fluttering,



nibble the little cupped flowers and sing.



then let us clear away the choking thorns



from round its gentle stem; let the young fawns,



yeaned in after times, when we are flown,



find a fresh sward beneath it, overgrown



with simple flowers: let there nothing be



260

more boisterous than a lover’s bended knee;



naught more ungentle than the placid look



of one who leans upon a closed book;



naught more untranquil than the grassy slopes



between two hills. all hail delightful hopes!



as she was wont, th’ imagination



into most lovely labyrinths will be gone,



and they shall be accounted poet-kings



who simply tell the most heart-easing things.



o may these joys be ripe before i die.



270

will not some say that i presumptuously



have spoken? that from hastening disgrace



‘twere better far to hide my foolish face?



that whining boyhood should with reverence bow



ere the dread thunderbolt could reach? how!



if i do hide myself, it sure shall be



in the very fane, the light of poesy:



if i do fall, at least i will be laid



beneath the silence of a poplar shade;



and over me the grass shall be smooth-shaven;



280

and there shall be a kind memorial graven.



but off, despondence! miserable bane!



they should not know thee, who, athirst to gain



a noble end, are thirsty every hour.



what though i am not wealthy in the dower



of spanning wisdom; though i do not know



the shiftings of the mighty winds that blow



hither and thither all the changing thoughts



of man: though no great minist’ring reason sorts



out the dark mysteries of human souls



290

to clear conceiving – yet there ever rolls



a vast idea before me, and i glean



therefrom my liberty; thence too i’ve seen



the end and aim of poesy. ’tis clear



as any thing most true; as that the year



is made of the four seasons – manifest



as a large cross, some old cathedral’s crest,



lifted to the white clouds. therefore should i



be but the essence of deformity,



a coward, did my very eye-lids wink



300

at speaking out what i have dared to think.



ah! rather let me like a madman run



over some precipice! let the hot sun



melt my dedalian wings, and drive me down



convulsed and headlong! stay! an inward frown



of conscience bids me be more calm awhile.



an ocean dim, sprinkled with many an isle,



spreads awfully before me. how much toil!



how many days! what desperate turmoil!



ere i can have explored its widenesses.



310

ah, what a task! upon my bended knees,



i could unsay those – no, impossible!



impossible!



for sweet relief i’ll dwell



on humbler thoughts, and let this strange assay



begun in gentleness die so away.



e’en now all tumult from my bosom fades:



i turn full-hearted to the friendly aids



that smooth the path of honour; brotherhood,



and friendliness the nurse of mutual good.



the hearty grasp that sends a pleasant sonnet



320

into the brain ere one can think upon it;



the silence when some rhymes are coming out;



and when they’re come, the very pleasant rout:



the message certain to be done to-morrow –



’tis perhaps as well that it should be to borrow



some precious book from out its snug retreat,



to cluster round it when we next shall meet.



scarce can i scribble on; for lovely airs



are fluttering round the room like doves in pairs;



many delights of that glad day recalling,



330

when first my senses caught their tender falling.



and with these airs come forms of elegance



stooping their shoulders o’er a horse’s prance,



careless, and grand – fingers soft and round



parting luxuriant curls – and the swift bound



of bacchus from his chariot, when his eye



made ariadne’s cheek look blushingly.



thus i remember all the pleasant flow



of words at opening a portfolio.



things such as these are ever harbingers



340

to trains of peaceful images: the stirs



of a swan’s neck unseen among the rushes;



a linnet starting all about the bushes;



a butterfly, with golden wings broad parted,



nestling a rose, convulsed as though it smarted



with over-pleasure – many, many more,



might i indulge at large in all my store



of luxuries: yet i must not forget



sleep, quiet with his poppy coronet,



for what there may be worthy in these rhymes



350

i partly owe to him: and thus, the chimes



of friendly voices had just given place



to as sweet a silence, when i ’gan retrace



the pleasant day, upon a couch at ease.



it was a poet’s house who keeps the keys



of pleasure’s temple. round about were hung



the glorious features of the bards who sung



in other ages – cold and sacred busts



smiled at each other. happy he who trusts



to clear futurity his darling fame!



360

then there were fauns and satyrs taking aim



at swelling apples with a frisky leap



and reaching fingers, ’mid a luscious heap



of vine leaves. then there rose to view a fane



of liny marble, and thereto a train



of nymphs approaching fairly o’er the sward:



one, loveliest, holding her white hand toward



the dazzling sun-rise: two sisters sweet



bending their graceful figures till they meet



over the trippings of a little child:



370

and some are hearing, eagerly, the wild



thrilling liquidity of dewy piping.



see, in another picture, nymphs are wiping



cherishingly diana’s timorous limbs –



a fold of lawny mantle dabbling swims



at the bath’s edge, and keeps a gentle motion



with the subsiding crystal, as when ocean



heaves calmly its broad swelling smoothness o’er



its rocky marge, and balances once more



the patient weeds, that now unshent by foam



380

feel all about their undulating home.



sappho’s meek head was there half smiling down



at nothing; just as though the earnest frown



of over-thinking had that moment gone



from off her brow, and left her all alone.



great alfred’s too, with anxious, pitying eyes,



as if he always listened to the sighs



of the goaded world; and kosciusko’s worn



by horrid sufferance – mightily forlorn.



petrarch, outstepping from the shady green,



390

starts at the sight of laura; nor can wean



his eyes from her sweet face. most happy they!



for over them was seen a free display



of out-spread wings, and from between them shone



the face of poesy: from off her throne



she overlooked things that i scarce could tell.



the very sense of where i was might well



keep sleep aloof: but more than that there came



thought after thought to nourish up the flame



within my breast; so that the morning light



400

surprised me even from a sleepless night;



and up i rose refreshed, and glad, and gay,



resolving to begin that very day



these lines; and howsoever they be done,



i leave them as a father does his son.





written in disgust of vulgar superstition


the church bells toll a melancholy round,



calling the people to some other prayers,



some other gloominess, more dreadful cares,



more hearkening to the sermon’s horrid sound.



surely the mind of man is closely bound



in some black spell; seeing that each one tears



himself from fireside joys, and lydian airs,



and converse high of those with glory crowned.



still, still they toll, and i should feel a damp –



10

a chill as from a tomb – did i not know



that they are dying like an outburnt lamp;



that ’tis their sighing, wailing ere they go



into oblivion – that fresh flowers will grow,



and many glories of immortal stamp.





on the grasshopper and cricket


the poetry of earth is never dead:



when all the birds are faint with the hot sun,



and hide in cooling trees, a voice will run



from hedge to hedge about the new-mown mead –



that is the grasshopper’s. he takes the lead



in summer luxury; he has never done



with his delights, for when tired out with fun



he rests at ease beneath some pleasant weed.



the poetry of earth is ceasing never:



10

on a lone winter evening, when the frost



has wrought a silence, from the stove there shrills



the cricket’s song, in warmth increasing ever,



and seems to one in drowsiness half lost,



the grasshopper’s among some grassy hills.





to kosciusko


good kosciusko, thy great name alone



is a full harvest whence to reap high feeling;



it comes upon us like the glorious pealing



of the wide spheres – an everlasting tone.



and now it tells me, that in worlds unknown,



the names of heroes burst from clouds concealing,



and change to harmonies, for ever stealing



through cloudless blue, and round each silver throne.



it tells me too, that on a happy day,



10

when some good spirit walks upon the earth,



thy name with alfred’s and the great of yore



gently commingling, gives tremendous birth



to a loud hymn, that sounds far, far away



to where the great god lives for evermore.





to g[eorgiana] a[ugusta] w[ylie]


nymph of the downward smile, and sidelong glance,



in what diviner moments of the day



art thou most lovely? – when gone far astray



into the labyrinths of sweet utterance?



or when serenely wandering in a trance



of sober thought? – or when starting away,



with careless robe, to meet the morning ray,



thou spar’st the flowers in thy mazy dance?



haply ’tis when thy ruby lips part sweetly,



10

and so remain, because thou listenest:



but thou to please wert nurtured so completely



that i can never tell what mood is best.



i shall as soon pronounce which grace more neatly



trips it before apollo than the rest.





‘happy is england! i could be content’


happy is england! i could be content



to see no other verdure than its own;



to feel no other breezes than are blown



through its tall woods with high romances blent:



yet do i sometimes feel a languishment



for skies italian, and an inward groan



to sit upon an alp as on a throne,



and half forget what world or worldling meant.



happy is england, sweet her artless daughters;



10

enough their simple loveliness for me,



enough their whitest arms in silence clinging:



yet do i often warmly burn to see



beauties of deeper glance, and hear their singing,



and float with them about the summer waters.





‘after dark vapours have oppressed our plains’


after dark vapours have oppressed our plains



for a long dreary season, comes a day



born of the gentle south, and clears away



from the sick heavens all unseemly stains.



the anxious month, relieving from its pains,



takes as a long-lost right the feel of may,



the eyelids with the passing coolness play,



like rose leaves with the drip of summer rains.



and calmest thoughts come round us – as of leaves



10

budding – fruit ripening in stillness – autumn suns



smiling at eve upon the quiet sheaves –



sweet sappho’s cheek – a sleeping infant’s breath –



the gradual sand that through an hour-glass runs –



a woodland rivulet – a poet’s death.





to leigh hunt, esq.


glory and loveliness have passed away;



for if we wander out in early morn,



no wreathed incense do we see upborne



into the east, to meet the smiling day:



no crowd of nymphs soft voiced and young, and gay,



in woven baskets bringing ears of corn,



roses, and pinks, and violets, to adorn



the shrine of flora in her early may.



but there are left delights as high as these,



10

and i shall ever bless my destiny,



that in a time, when under pleasant trees



pan is no longer sought, i feel a free,



a leafy luxury, seeing i could please



with these poor offerings, a man like thee.





written on a blank space at the end of chaucer’s tale of the floure and the leafe


this pleasant tale is like a little copse:



the honeyed lines do freshly interlace



to keep the reader in so sweet a place,



so that he here and there full-hearted stops;



and oftentimes he feels the dewy drops



come cool and suddenly against his face,



and by the wandering melody may trace



which way the tender-legged linnet hops.



oh! what a power has white simplicity!



10

what mighty power has this gentle story!



i that do ever feel athirst for glory



could at this moment be content to lie



meekly upon the grass, as those whose sobbings



were heard of none beside the mournful robins.





on receiving a laurel crown from leigh hunt


minutes are flying swiftly, and as yet



nothing unearthly has enticed my brain



into a delphic labyrinth – i would fain



catch an immortal thought to pay the debt



i owe to the kind poet who has set



upon my ambitious head a glorious gain.



two bending laurel sprigs – ’tis nearly pain



to be conscious of such a coronet.



still time is fleeting, and no dream arises



10

gorgeous as i would have it; only i see



a trampling down of what the world most prizes,



turbans and crowns, and blank regality –



and then i run into most wild surmises



of all the many glories that may be.





to the ladies who saw me crowned


what is there in the universal earth



more lovely than a wreath from the bay tree?



haply a halo round the moon – a glee



circling from three sweet pair of lips in mirth;



and haply you will say the dewy birth



of morning roses – ripplings tenderly



spread by the halcyon’s breath upon the sea –



but these comparisons are nothing worth.



then is there nothing in the world so fair?



10

the silvery tears of april? youth of may?



or june that breathes out life for butterflies?



no – none of these can from my favourite bear



away the palm – yet shall it ever pay



due reverence to your most sovereign eyes.





ode to apollo


god of the golden bow,



and of the golden lyre,



and of the golden hair,



and of the golden fire,



charioteer



round the patient year,



where – where slept thine ire,



when like a blank idiot i put on thy wreath,



thy laurel, thy glory,



10

the light of thy story,



or was i a worm – too low-creeping, for death?



o delphic apollo!



the thunderer grasped and grasped,



the thunderer frowned and frowned;



the eagle’s feathery mane



for wrath became stiffened – the sound



of breeding thunder



went drowsily under,



muttering to be unbound.



20

o why didst thou pity, and beg for a worm?



why touch thy soft lute



till the thunder was mute,



why was i not crush’d – such a pitiful germ?



o delphic apollo!



the pleiades were up,



watching the silent air;



the seeds and roots in earth



were swelling for summer fare;



the ocean, its neighbour,



30

was at his old labour,



when, who – who did dare



to tie for a moment thy plant round his brow,



and grin and look proudly,



and blaspheme so loudly,



and live for that honour, to stoop to thee now?



o delphic apollo!





on seeing the elgin marbles


my spirit is too weak – mortality



weighs heavily on me like unwilling sleep,



and each imagined pinnacle and steep



of godlike hardship, tells me i must die



like a sick eagle looking at the sky.



yet ’tis a gentle luxury to weep



that i have not the cloudy winds to keep



fresh for the opening of the morning’s eye.



such dim-conceived glories of the brain



10

bring round the heart an undescribable feud;



so do these wonders a most dizzy pain,



that mingles grecian grandeur with the rude



wasting of old time – with a billowy main –



a sun – a shadow of a magnitude.





to b. r. haydon, with a sonnet written on seeing the elgin marbles


haydon! forgive me that i cannot speak



definitively on these mighty things;



forgive me that i have not eagle’s wings –



that what i want i know not where to seek:



and think that i would not be over-meek



in rolling out up-followed thunderings,



even to the steep of heliconian springs,



were i of ample strength for such a freak –



think too, that all those numbers should be thine;



10

whose else? in this who touch thy vesture’s hem?



for when men stared at what was most divine



with browless idiotism – o’erwise phlegm –



thou hadst beheld the hesperian shine



of their star in the east, and gone to worship them.





on the story of rimini


who loves to peer up at the morning sun,



with half-shut eyes and comfortable cheek,



let him, with this sweet tale, full often seek



for meadows where the little rivers run;



who loves to linger with that brightest one



of heaven – hesperus – let him lowly speak



these numbers to the night, and starlight meek,



or moon, if that her hunting be begun.



he who knows these delights, and too is prone



10

to moralise upon a smile or tear,



will find at once a region of his own,



a bower for his spirit, and will steer



to alleys, where the fir-tree drops its cone,



where robins hop, and fallen leaves are sear.





on a leander gem which miss reynolds, my kind friend, gave me


come hither all sweet maidens soberly,



down-looking – ay, and with a chastened light



hid in the fringes of your eyelids white,



and meekly let your fair hands joined be.



are ye so gentle that ye could not see,



untouched, a victim of your beauty bright –



sinking away to his young spirit’s night,



sinking bewildered ’mid the dreary sea:



’tis young leander toiling to his death.



10

nigh swooning, he doth purse his weary lips



for hero’s cheek, and smiles against her smile.



o horrid dream! see how his body dips



dead-heavy; arms and shoulders gleam awhile:



he’s gone: up bubbles all his amorous breath!





on the sea


it keeps eternal whisperings around



desolate shores, and with its mighty swell



gluts twice ten thousand caverns, till the spell



of hecate leaves them their old shadowy sound.



often ’tis in such gentle temper found,



that scarcely will the very smallest shell



be moved for days from where it sometime fell,



when last the winds of heaven were unbound.



oh ye! who have your eye-balls vexed and tired,



10

feast them upon the wideness of the sea –



oh ye! whose ears are dinned with uproar rude,



or fed too much with cloying melody –



sit ye near some old cavern’s mouth and brood



until ye start, as if the sea-nymphs quired!





lines


unfelt, unheard, unseen,



i’ve left my little queen,



her languid arms in silver slumber lying:



ah! through their nestling touch,



who – who could tell how much



there is for madness – cruel, or complying?



those faery lids how sleek!



those lips how moist! – they speak,



in ripest quiet, shadows of sweet sounds:



10

into my fancy’s ear



melting a burden dear,



how ‘love doth know no fullness nor no bounds.’



true! – tender monitors!



i bend unto your laws:



this sweetest day for dalliance was born!



so, without more ado,



i’ll feel my heaven anew,



for all the blushing of the hasty morn.





stanzas


i



you say you love; but with a voice



chaster than a nun’s, who singeth



the soft vespers to herself



while the chime-bell ringeth –



o love me truly!



ii



you say you love; but with a smile



cold as sunrise in september,



as you were saint cupid’s nun,



and kept his weeks of ember.



10

o love me truly!



iii



you say you love – but then your lips



coral tinted teach no blisses



more than coral in the sea –



they never pout for kisses –



o love me truly!



iv



you say you love; but then your hand



no soft squeeze for squeeze returneth,



it is like a statue’s, dead –



while mine for passion burneth –



20

o love me truly!



v



o breathe a word or two of fire!



smile, as if those words should burn me,



squeeze as lovers should – o kiss



and in thy heart inurn me!



o love me truly!





‘hither, hither, love –’


hither, hither, love –



’tis a shady mead –



hither, hither, love,



let us feed and feed!



hither, hither, sweet –



’tis a cowslip bed –



hither, hither, sweet!



’tis with dew bespread!



hither, hither, dear –



10

by the breath of life –



hither, hither, dear!



be the summer’s wife!



though one moment’s pleasure



in one moment flies,



though the passion’s treasure



in one moment dies;



yet it has not passed –



think how near, how near! –



and while it doth last,



20

think how dear, how dear!



hither, hither, hither,



love this boon has sent –



if i die and wither



i shall die content.





lines rhymed in a letter received (by j. h. reynolds) from oxford


the gothic looks solemn –



the plain doric column



supports an old bishop and crosier;



the mouldering arch,



shaded o’er by a larch



stands next door to wilson the hosier.



vice – that is, by turns –



o’er pale faces mourns



the black-tassled trencher and common hat;



10

the chantry boy sings,



the steeple bell rings,



and as for the chancellor – dominat.



there are plenty of trees,



and plenty of ease,



and plenty of fat deer for parsons;



and when it is venison,



short is the benison –



then each on a leg or thigh fastens.





‘think not of it, sweet one, so – ’


think not of it, sweet one, so –



give it not a tear;



sigh thou mayst, and bid it go



any, any where.



do not look so sad, sweet one –



sad and fadingly;



shed one drop, then it is gone,



o ’twas born to die.



still so pale? then, dearest, weep –



10

weep, i’ll count the tears,



and each one shall be a bliss



for thee in after years.



brighter has it left thine eyes



than a sunny rill;



and thy whispering melodies



are tenderer still.



yet – as all things mourn awhile



at fleeting blisses,



e’en let us too! but be our dirge



20

a dirge of kisses.





endymion : a poetic romance


‘the stretched metre of an antique song’

inscribed to the memory of thomas chatterton



book i



a thing of beauty is a joy for ever:



its loveliness increases; it will never



pass into nothingness; but still will keep



a bower quiet for us, and a sleep



full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.



therefore, on every morrow, are we wreathing



a flowery band to bind us to the earth,



spite of despondence, of the inhuman dearth



of noble natures, of the gloomy days,



10

of all the unhealthy and o’er-darkened ways



made for our searching: yes, in spite of all,



some shape of beauty moves away the pall



from our dark spirits. such the sun, the moon,



trees old, and young, sprouting a shady boon



for simple sheep; and such are daffodils



with the green world they live in; and clear rills



that for themselves a cooling covert make



‘gainst the hot season; the mid forest brake,



rich with a sprinkling of fair musk-rose blooms:



20

and such too is the grandeur of the dooms



we have imagined for the mighty dead;



all lovely tales that we have heard or read –



an endless fountain of immortal drink,



pouring unto us from the heaven’s brink.



nor do we merely feel these essences



for one short hour; no, even as the trees



that whisper round a temple become soon



dear as the temple’s self, so does the moon,



the passion poesy, glories infinite,



30

haunt us till they become a cheering light



unto our souls, and bound to us so fast,



that, whether there be shine, or gloom o’ercast,



they alway must be with us, or we die.



therefore, ’tis with full happiness that i



will trace the story of endymion.



the very music of the name has gone



into my being, and each pleasant scene



is growing fresh before me as the green



of our own valleys: so i will begin



40

now while i cannot hear the city’s din;



now while the early budders are just new,



and run in mazes of the youngest hue



about old forests; while the willow trails



its delicate amber; and the dairy pails



bring home increase of milk. and, as the year



grows lush in juicy stalks, i’ll smoothly steer



my little boat, for many quiet hours,



with streams that deepen freshly into bowers.



many and many a verse i hope to write,



50

before the daisies, vermeil-rimmed and white,



hide in deep herbage; and ere yet the bees



hum about globes of clover and sweet peas,



i must be near the middle of my story.



o may no wintry season, bare and hoary,



see it half finished; but let autumn bold,



with universal tinge of sober gold,



be all about me when i make an end.



and now at once, adventuresome, i send



my herald thought into a wilderness –



60

there let its trumpet blow, and quickly dress



my uncertain path with green, that i may speed



easily onward, thorough flowers and weed.



upon the sides of latmos was outspread



a mighty forest; for the moist earth fed



so plenteously all weed-hidden roots



into o’er-hanging boughs, and precious fruits.



and it had gloomy shades, sequestered deep,



where no man went; and if from shepherd’s keep



a lamb strayed far a-down those inmost glens,



70

never again saw he the happy pens



whither his brethren, bleating with content,



over the hills at every nightfall went.



among the shepherds, ’twas believed ever,



that not one fleecy lamb which thus did sever



from the white flock, but passed unworried



by angry wolf, or pard with prying head,



until it came to some unfooted plains



where fed the herds of pan – aye great his gains



who thus one lamb did lose. paths there were many,



80

winding through palmy fern, and rushes fenny,



and ivy banks; all leading pleasantly



to a wide lawn, whence one could only see



stems thronging all around between the swell



of turf and slanting branches: who could tell



the freshness of the space of heaven above,



edged round with dark tree tops? through which a dove



would often beat its wings, and often too



a little cloud would move across the blue.



full in the middle of this pleasantness



90

there stood a marble altar, with a tress



of flowers budded newly; and the dew



had taken fairy fantasies to strew



daisies upon the sacred sward last eve,



and so the dawned light in pomp receive.



for ’twas the morn: apollo’s upward fire



made every eastern cloud a silvery pyre



of brightness so unsullied, that therein



a melancholy spirit well might win



oblivion, and melt out his essence fine



100

into the winds: rain-scented eglantine



gave temperate sweets to that well-wooing sun;



the lark was lost in him; cold springs had run



to warm their chilliest bubbles in the grass;



man’s voice was on the mountains; and the mass



of nature’s lives and wonders pulsed tenfold,



to feel this sun-rise and its glories old.



now while the silent workings of the dawn



were busiest, into that self-same lawn



all suddenly, with joyful cries, there sped



110

a troop of little children garlanded;



who gathering round the altar, seemed to pry



earnestly round, as wishing to espy



some folk of holiday: nor had they waited



for many moments, ere their ears were sated



with a faint breath of music, which even then



filled out its voice, and died away again.



within a little space again it gave



its airy swellings, with a gentle wave,



to light-hung leaves, in smoothest echoes breaking



120

through copse-clad valleys – ere their death, o’ertaking



the surgy murmurs of the lonely sea.



and now, as deep into the wood as we



might mark a lynx’s eye, there glimmered light



fair faces and a rush of garments white,



plainer and plainer showing, till at last



into the widest alley they all passed,



making directly for the woodland altar.



o kindly muse! let not my weak tongue falter



in telling of this goodly company,



130

of their old piety, and of their glee:



but let a portion of ethereal dew



fall on my head, and presently unmew



my soul – that i may dare, in wayfaring,



to stammer where old chaucer used to sing.



leading the way, young damsels danced along,



bearing the burden of a shepherd song;



each having a white wicker over-brimmed



with april’s tender younglings; next, well trimmed,



a crowd of shepherds with as sunburnt looks



140

as may be read of in arcadian books,



such as sat listening round apollo’s pipe,



when the great deity, for earth too ripe,



let his divinity o’erflowing die



in music, through the vales of thessaly;



some idly trailed their sheep-hooks on the ground,



and some kept up a shrilly mellow sound



with ebon-tipped flutes; close after these,



now coming from beneath the forest trees,



a venerable priest full soberly,



150

begirt with ministering looks: alway his eye



steadfast upon the matted turf he kept,



and after him his sacred vestments swept.



from his right hand there swung a vase, milk-white,



of mingled wine, out-sparkling generous light;



and in his left he held a basket full



of all sweet herbs that searching eye could cull:



wild thyme, and valley-lilies whiter still



than leda’s love, and cresses from the rill.



his aged head, crowned with beechen wreath,



160

seemed like a poll of ivy in the teeth



of winter hoar. then came another crowd



of shepherds, lifting in due time aloud



their share of the ditty. after them appeared,



up-followed by a multitude that reared



their voices to the clouds, a fair-wrought car,



easily rolling so as scarce to mar



the freedom of three steeds of dapple brown.



who stood therein did seem of great renown



among the throng. his youth was fully blown,



170

showing like ganymede to manhood grown;



and, for those simple times, his garments were



a chieftain king’s: beneath his breast, half bare,



was hung a silver bugle, and between



his nervy knees there lay a boar-spear keen.



a smile was on his countenance; he seemed,



to common lookers-on, like one who dreamed



of idleness in groves elysian:



but there were some who feelingly could scan



a lurking trouble in his nether lip,



180

and see that oftentimes the reins would slip



through his forgotten hands: then would they sigh,



and think of yellow leaves, of owlet’s cry,



of logs piled solemnly. ah, well-a-day.



why should our young endymion pine away?



soon the assembly, in a circle ranged,



stood silent round the shrine: each look was changed



to sudden veneration: women meek



beckoned their sons to silence; while each cheek



of virgin bloom paled gently for slight fear.



190

endymion too, without a forest peer,



stood, wan, and pale, and with an awed face,



among his brothers of the mountain chase.



in midst of all, the venerable priest



eyed them with joy from greatest to the least,



and, after lifting up his aged hands,



thus spake he: ‘men of latmos! shepherd bands!



whose care it is to guard a thousand flocks:



whether descended from beneath the rocks



that overtop your mountains; whether come



200

from valleys where the pipe is never dumb;



or from your swelling downs, where sweet air stirs



blue hare-bells lightly, and where prickly furze



buds lavish gold; or ye, whose precious charge



nibble their fill at ocean’s very marge,



whose mellow reeds are touched with sounds forlorn



by the dim echoes of old triton’s horn;



mothers and wives! who day by day prepare



the scrip, with needments, for the mountain air;



and all ye gentle girls who foster up



210

udderless lambs, and in a little cup



will put choice honey for a favoured youth –



yea, every one attend! for in good truth



our vows are wanting to our great god pan.



are not our lowing heifers sleeker than



night-swollen mushrooms? are not our wide plains



speckled with countless fleeces? have not rains



greened over april’s lap? no howling sad



sickens our fearful ewes; and we have had



great bounty from endymion our lord.



220

the earth is glad: the merry lark has poured



his early song against yon breezy sky,



that spreads so clear o’er our solemnity.’



thus ending, on the shrine he heaped a spire



of teeming sweets, enkindling sacred fire;



anon he stained the thick and spongy sod



with wine, in honour of the shepherd-god.



now while the earth was drinking it, and while



bay leaves were crackling in the fragrant pile,



and gummy frankincense was sparkling bright



230

’neath smothering parsley, and a hazy light



spread greyly eastward, thus a chorus sang:



‘o thou, whose mighty palace roof doth hang



from jagged trunks, and overshadoweth



eternal whispers, glooms, the birth, life, death



of unseen flowers in heavy peacefulness;



who lov’st to see the hamadryads dress



their ruffled locks where meeting hazels darken;



and through whole solemn hours dost sit, and hearken



the dreary melody of bedded reeds



240

in desolate places, where dank moisture breeds



the pipy hemlock to strange overgrowth;



bethinking thee, how melancholy loth



thou wast to lose fair syrinx – do thou now –



by thy love’s milky brow! –



by all the trembling mazes that she ran –



hear us, great pan!



‘o thou, for whose soul-soothing quiet, turtles



passion their voices cooingly ’mong myrtles,



what time thou wanderest at eventide



250

through sunny meadows, that outskirt the side



of thine enmossed realms: o thou, to whom



broad-leaved fig trees even now foredoom



their ripened fruitage; yellow-girted bees



their golden honeycombs; our village leas



their fairest-blossomed beans and poppied corn;



the chuckling linnet its five young unborn



to sing for thee; low creeping strawberries



their summer coolness; pent up butterflies



their freckled wings; yea, the fresh budding year



260 all its completions – be quickly near,



by every wind that nods the mountain pine,



o forester divine!



‘thou, to whom every faun and satyr flies



for willing service; whether to surprise



the squatted hare while in half-sleeping fit;



or upward ragged precipices flit



to save poor lambkins from the eagle’s maw;



or by mysterious enticement draw



bewildered shepherds to their path again;



270

or to tread breathless round the frothy main,



and gather up all fancifullest shells



for thee to tumble into naiads’ cells,



and, being hidden, laugh at their out-peeping;



or to delight thee with fantastic leaping,



the while they pelt each other on the crown



with silvery oak apples, and fir cones brown –



by all the echoes that about thee ring,



hear us, o satyr king!



‘o hearkener to the loud clapping shears



280

while ever and anon to his shorn peers



a ram goes bleating; winder of the horn,



when snouted wild-boars routing tender corn



anger our huntsmen; breather round our farms,



to keep off mildews, and all weather harms;



strange ministrant of undescribed sounds,



that come a-swooning over hollow grounds,



and wither drearily on barren moors;



dread opener of the mysterious doors



leading to universal knowledge – see,



290

great son of dryope,



the many that are come to pay their vows



with leaves about their brows!



‘be still the unimaginable lodge



for solitary thinkings; such as dodge



conception to the very bourne of heaven,



then leave the naked brain; be still the leaven,



that spreading in this dull and clodded earth



gives it a touch ethereal – a new birth;



be still a symbol of immensity;



300

a firmament reflected in a sea;



an element filling the space between,



an unknown – but no more! we humbly screen



with uplift hands our foreheads, lowly bending,



and giving out a shout most heaven rending,



conjure thee to receive our humble paean,



upon thy mount lycean!’



even while they brought the burden to a close,



a shout from the whole multitude arose,



that lingered in the air like dying rolls



310

of abrupt thunder, when ionian shoals



of dolphins bob their noses through the brine.



meantime, on shady levels, mossy fine,



young companies nimbly began dancing



to the swift treble pipe, and humming string.



ay, those fair living forms swam heavenly



to tunes forgotten – out of memory;



fair creatures! whose young children’s children bred



thermopylae its heroes – not yet dead,



but in old marbles ever beautiful.



320

high genitors, unconscious did they cull



time’s sweet first-fruits – they danced to weariness,



and then in quiet circles did they press



the hillock turf, and caught the latter end



of some strange history, potent to send



a young mind from its bodily tenement.



or they might watch the quoit-pitchers, intent



on either side; pitying the sad death



of hyacinthus, when the cruel breath



of zephyr slew him – zephyr penitent,



330

who now, ere phoebus mounts the firmament,



fondles the flower amid the sobbing rain.



the archers too, upon a wider plain,



beside the feathery whizzing of the shaft,



and the dull twanging bowstring, and the raft



branch down sweeping from a tall ash top,



called up a thousand thoughts to envelop



those who would watch. perhaps, the trembling knee



and frantic gape of lonely niobe –



poor, lonely niobe! – when her lovely young



340

were dead and gone, and her caressing tongue



lay a lost thing upon her paly lip,



and very, very deadliness did nip



her motherly cheeks. aroused from this sad mood



by one, who at a distance loud hallooed,



uplifting his strong bow into the air,



many might after brighter visions stare:



after the argonauts, in blind amaze



tossing about on neptune’s restless ways,



until, from the horizon’s vaulted side,



350

there shot a golden splendour far and wide,



spangling those million poutings of the brine



with quivering ore – ’twas even an awful shine



from the exaltation of apollo’s bow;



a heavenly beacon in their dreary woe.



who thus were ripe for high contemplating,



might turn their steps towards the sober ring



where sat endymion and the aged priest



‘mong shepherds gone in eld, whose looks increased



the silvery setting of their mortal star.



360

there they discoursed upon the fragile bar



that keeps us from our homes ethereal,



and what our duties there: to nightly call



vesper, the beauty-crest of summer weather;



to summon all the downiest clouds together



for the sun’s purple couch; to emulate



in ministering the potent rule of fate



with speed of fire-tailed exhalations:



to tint her pallid cheek with bloom, who cons



sweet poesy by moonlight: besides these,



370

a world of other unguessed offices.



anon they wandered, by divine converse,



into elysium, vying to rehearse



each one his own anticipated bliss.



one felt heart-certain that he could not miss



his quick-gone love, among fair blossomed boughs,



where every zephyr-sigh pouts, and endows



her lips with music for the welcoming.



another wished, mid that eternal spring,



to meet his rosy child, with feathery sails,



380

sweeping, eye-earnestly, through almond vales –



who, suddenly, should stoop through the smooth wind,



and with the balmiest leaves his temples bind;



and, ever after, through those regions be



his messenger, his little mercury.



some were athirst in soul to see again



their fellow huntsmen o’er the wide champaign



in times long past; to sit with them, and talk



of all the chances in their earthly walk;



comparing, joyfully, their plenteous stores



390

of happiness, to when upon the moors,



benighted, close they huddled from the cold,



and shared their famished scrips. thus all out-told



their fond imaginations – saving him



whose eyelids curtained up their jewels dim,



endymion: yet hourly had he striven



to hide the cankering venom, that had riven



his fainting recollections. now indeed



his senses had swooned off; he did not heed



the sudden silence, or the whispers low,



400

or the old eyes dissolving at his woe,



or anxious calls, or close of trembling palms,



or maiden’s sigh, that grief itself embalms:



but in the self-same fixed trance he kept,



like one who on the earth had never stepped.



ay, even as dead still as a marble man,



frozen in that old tale arabian.



who whispers him so pantingly and close?



peona, his sweet sister – of all those,



his friends, the dearest. hushing signs she made,



410

and breathed a sister’s sorrow to persuade



a yielding up, a cradling on her care.



her eloquence did breathe away the curse:



she led him, like some midnight spirit-nurse



of happy changes in emphatic dreams,



along a path between two little streams –



guarding his forehead, with her round elbow,



from low-grown branches, and his footsteps slow



from stumbling over stumps and hillocks small –



until they came to where these streamlets fall,



420

with mingled bubblings and a gentle rush,



into a river, clear, brimful, and flush



with crystal mocking of the trees and sky.



a little shallop, floating there hard by,



pointed its beak over the fringed bank;



and soon it lightly dipped, and rose, and sank,



and dipped again, with the young couple’s weight –



peona guiding, through the water straight,



towards a bowery island opposite,



which gaining presently, she steered light



430

into a shady, fresh, and ripply cove,



where nested was an arbour, overwove



by many a summer’s silent fingering;



to whose cool bosom she was used to bring



her playmates, with their needle broidery,



and minstrel memories of times gone by.



so she was gently glad to see him laid



under her favourite bower’s quiet shade,



on her own couch, new made of flower leaves,



dried carefully on the cooler side of sheaves



440

when last the sun his autumn tresses shook,



and the tanned harvesters rich armfuls took.



soon was he quieted to slumbrous rest:



but, ere it crept upon him, he had pressed



peona’s busy hand against his lips,



and still, a-sleeping, held her finger-tips



in tender pressure. and as a willow keeps



a patient watch over the stream that creeps



windingly by it, so the quiet maid



held her in peace: so that a whispering blade



450

of grass, a wailful gnat, a bee bustling



down in the blue-bells, or a wren light rustling



among sere leaves and twigs, might all be heard.



o magic sleep! o comfortable bird,



that broodest o’er the troubled sea of the mind



till it is hushed and smooth! o unconfined



restraint! imprisoned liberty! great key



to golden palaces, strange minstrelsy,



fountains grotesque, new trees, bespangled caves,



echoing grottoes, full of tumbling waves



460

and moonlight; ay, to all the mazy world



of silvery enchantment! who, upfurled



beneath thy drowsy wing a triple hour,



but renovates and lives? – thus, in the bower,



endymion was calmed to life again.



opening his eyelids with a healthier brain,



he said: ‘i feel this thine endearing love



all through my bosom: thou art as a dove



trembling its closed eyes and sleeked wings



about me; and the pearliest dew not brings



470

such morning incense from the fields of may,



as do those brighter drops that twinkling stray



from those kind eyes – the very home and haunt



of sisterly affection. can i want



aught else, aught nearer heaven, than such tears?



yet dry them up, in bidding hence all fears



that, any longer, i will pass my days



alone and sad. no, i will once more raise



my voice upon the mountain-heights; once more



make my horn parley from their foreheads hoar;



480

again my trooping hounds their tongues shall loll



around the breathed boar; again i’ll poll



the fair-grown yew tree for a chosen bow;



and, when the pleasant sun is getting low,



again i’ll linger in a sloping mead



to hear the speckled thrushes, and see feed



our idle sheep. so be thou cheered, sweet,



and, if thy lute is here, softly entreat



my soul to keep in its resolved course.’



hereat peona, in their silver source,



490

shut her pure sorrow-drops with glad exclaim,



and took a lute, from which there pulsing came



a lively prelude, fashioning the way



in which her voice should wander. ’twas a lay



more subtle cadenced, more forest wild



than dryope’s lone lulling of her child;



and nothing since has floated in the air



so mournful strange. surely some influence rare



went, spiritual, through the damsel’s hand;



for still, with delphic emphasis, she spanned



500

the quick invisible strings, even though she saw



endymion’s spirit melt away and thaw



before the deep intoxication.



but soon she came, with sudden burst, upon



her self-possession – swung the lute aside,



and earnestly said: ‘brother, ’tis vain to hide



that thou dost know of things mysterious,



immortal, starry; such alone could thus



weigh down thy nature. hast thou sinned in aught



offensive to the heavenly powers? caught



510

a paphian dove upon a message sent?



thy deathful bow against some deer-head bent



sacred to dian? haply, thou hast seen



her naked limbs among the alders green –



and that, alas! is death. no, i can trace



something more high-perplexing in thy face!’



endymion looked at her, and pressed her hand,



and said, ‘art thou so pale, who wast so bland



and merry in our meadows? how is this?



tell me thine ailment – tell me all amiss!



520

ah! thou hast been unhappy at the change



wrought suddenly in me. what indeed more strange?



or more complete to overwhelm surmise?



ambition is no sluggard: ’tis no prize,



that toiling years would put within my grasp,



that i have sighed for; with so deadly gasp



no man e’er panted for a mortal love.



so all have set my heavier grief above



these things which happen. rightly have they done:



i, who still saw the horizontal sun



530

heave his broad shoulder o’er the edge of the world,



out-facing lucifer, and then had hurled



my spear aloft, as signal for the chase –



i, who, for very sport of heart, would race



with my own steed from araby; pluck down



a vulture from his towery perching; frown



a lion into growling, loth retire –



to lose, at once, all my toil-breeding fire,



and sink thus low! but i will ease my breast



of secret grief, here in this bowery nest.



540

‘this river does not see the naked sky,



till it begins to progress silverly



around the western border of the wood,



whence, from a certain spot, its winding flood



seems at the distance like a crescent moon:



and in that nook, the very pride of june,



had i been used to pass my weary eves;



the rather for the sun unwilling leaves



so dear a picture of his sovereign power,



and i could witness his most kingly hour,



550

when he doth tighten up the golden reins,



and paces leisurely down amber plains



his snorting four. now when his chariot last



its beams against the zodiac-lion cast,



there blossomed suddenly a magic bed



of sacred ditamy, and poppies red:



at which i wondered greatly, knowing well



that but one night had wrought this flowery spell;



and, sitting down close by, began to muse



what it might mean. perhaps, thought i, morpheus,



560

in passing here, his owlet pinions shook;



or, it may be, ere matron night uptook



her ebon urn, young mercury, by stealth,



had dipped his rod in it: such garland wealth



came not by common growth. thus on i thought,



until my head was dizzy and distraught.



moreover, through the dancing poppies stole



a breeze, most softly lulling to my soul,



and shaping visions all about my sight



of colours, wings, and bursts of spangly light;



570

the which became more strange, and strange, and dim,



and then were gulfed in a tumultuous swim –



and then i fell asleep. ah, can i tell



the enchantment that afterwards befell?



yet it was but a dream: yet such a dream



that never tongue, although it overteem



with mellow utterance, like a cavern spring,



could figure out and to conception bring



all i beheld and felt. methought i lay



watching the zenith, where the milky way



580

among the stars in virgin splendour pours;



and travelling my eye, until the doors



of heaven appeared to open for my flight,



i became loth and fearful to alight



from such high soaring by a downward glance:



so kept me steadfast in that airy trance,



spreading imaginary pinions wide.



when, presently, the stars began to glide,



and faint away, before my eager view:



at which i sighed that i could not pursue,



590

and dropped my vision to the horizon’s verge –



and lo! from opening clouds, i saw emerge



the loveliest moon, that ever silvered o’er



a shell for neptune’s goblet: she did soar



so passionately bright, my dazzled soul



commingling with her argent spheres did roll



through clear and cloudy, even when she went



at last into a dark and vapoury tent –



whereat, methought, the lidless-eyed train



of planets all were in the blue again.



600

to commune with those orbs, once more i raised



my sight right upward: but it was quite dazed



by a bright something, sailing down apace,



making me quickly veil my eyes and face:



again i looked, and, o ye deities,



who from olympus watch our destinies!



whence that completed form of all completeness?



whence came that high perfection of all sweetness?



speak, stubborn earth, and tell me where, o where



hast thou a symbol of her golden hair?



610

not oat-sheaves drooping in the western sun;



not – thy soft hand, fair sister! let me shun



such follying before thee – yet she had,



indeed, locks bright enough to make me mad;



and they were simply gordianed up and braided,



leaving, in naked comeliness, unshaded,



her pearl-round ears, white neck, and orbed brow;



the which were blended in, i know not how,



with such a paradise of lips and eyes,



blush-tinted cheeks, half smiles, and faintest sighs,



620 that, when i think thereon, my spirit clings



and plays about its fancy, till the stings



of human neighbourhood envenom all.



unto what awful power shall i call?



to what high fane? – ah! see her hovering feet,



more bluely veined, more soft, more whitely sweet



than those of sea-born venus, when she rose



from out her cradle shell. the wind out-blows



her scarf into a fluttering pavilion;



’tis blue, and over-spangled with a million



630

of little eyes, as though thou wert to shed,



over the darkest, lushest blue-bell bed,



handfuls of daisies.’ – ‘endymion, how strange!



dream within dream!’ – ‘she took an airy range,



and then, towards me, like a very maid,



came blushing, waning, willing, and afraid,



and pressed me by the hand: ah! ’twas too much;



methought i fainted at the charmed touch,



yet held my recollection, even as one



who dives three fathoms where the waters run



640

gurgling in beds of coral: for anon,



i felt up-mounted in that region



where falling stars dart their artillery forth,



and eagles struggle with the buffeting north



that balances the heavy meteor-stone –



felt too, i was not fearful, nor alone,



but lapped and lulled along the dangerous sky.



soon, as it seemed, we left our journeying high,



and straightway into frightful eddies swooped,



such as aye muster where grey time has scooped



650

huge dens and caverns in a mountain’s side:



there hollow sounds aroused me, and i sighed



to faint once more by looking on my bliss –



i was distracted; madly did i kiss



the wooing arms which held me, and did give



my eyes at once to death – but ’twas to live,



to take in draughts of life from the gold fount



of kind and passionate looks; to count, and count



the moments, by some greedy help that seemed



a second self, that each might be redeemed



660

and plundered of its load of blessedness.



ah, desperate mortal! i e’en dared to press



her very cheek against my crowned lip,



and, at that moment, felt my body dip



into a warmer air – a moment more,



our feet were soft in flowers. there was store



of newest joys upon that alp. sometimes



a scent of violets, and blossoming limes,



loitered around us; then of honey cells,



made delicate from all white-flower bells;



670

and once, above the edges of our nest,



an arch face peeped – an oread as i guessed.



‘why did i dream that sleep o’er-powered me



in midst of all this heaven? why not see,



far off, the shadows of his pinions dark,



and stare them from me? but no, like a spark



that needs must die, although its little beam



reflects upon a diamond, my sweet dream



fell into nothing – into stupid sleep.



and so it was, until a gentle creep,



680

a careful moving, caught my waking ears,



and up i started. ah! my sighs, my tears,



my clenched hands – for lo! the poppies hung



dew-dabbled on their stalks, the ouzel sung



a heavy ditty, and the sullen day



had chidden herald iiesperus away,



with leaden looks: the solitary breeze



blustered, and slept, and its wild self did tease



with wayward melancholy; and i thought,



mark me, peona! that sometimes it brought



690

faint fare-thee-wells, and sigh-shrilled adieus! –



away i wandered – all the pleasant hues



of heaven and earth had faded: deepest shades



were deepest dungeons; heaths and sunny gladcs



were full of pestilent light; our taintless rills



seemed sooty, and o’er-spread with upturned gills



of dying fish; the vermeil rose had blown



in frightful scarlet, and its thorns out-grown



like spiked aloe. if an innocent bird



before my heedless footsteps stirred and stirred



700

in little journeys, i beheld in it



a disguised demon, missioned to knit



my soul with under-darkness, to entice



my stumblings down some monstrous precipice:



therefore i eager followed, and did curse



the disappointment. time, that aged nurse,



rocked me to patience. now, thank gentle heaven!



these things, with all their comfortings, are given



to my down-sunken hours, and with thee,



sweet sister, help to stem the ebbing sea



710

of weary life.’



thus ended he, and both



sat silent: for the maid was very loth



to answer; feeling well that breathed words



would all be lost, unheard, and vain as swords



against the enchased crocodile, or leaps



of grasshoppers against the sun. she weeps,



and wonders; struggles to devise some blame;



to put on such a look as would say, shame



on this poor weakness! but, for all her strife,



she could as soon have crushed away the life



720

from a sick dove. at length, to break the pause,



she said with trembling chance: ‘is this the cause?



this all? yet it is strange, and sad, alas!



that one who through this middle earth should pass



most like a sojourning demi-god, and leave



his name upon the harp-string, should achieve



no higher bard than simple maidenhood,



singing alone, and fearfully – how the blood



left his young cheek; and how he used to stray



he knew not where; and how he would say, nay,



730

if any said ’twas love – and yet ’twas love;



what could it be but love? how a ring-dove



let fall a sprig of yew tree in his path;



and how he died; and then, that love doth scathe



the gentle heart, as northern blasts do roses;



and then the ballad of his sad life closes



with sighs, and an ‘alas’! – endymion!



be rather in the trumpet’s mouth – anon



among the winds at large, that all may hearken!



although, before the crystal heavens darken,



740

i watch and dote upon the silver lakes



pictured in western cloudiness, that takes



the semblance of gold rocks and bright gold sands,



islands, and creeks, and amber-fretted strands



with horses prancing o’er them, palaces



and towers of amethyst – would i so tease



my pleasant days, because i could not mount



into those regions? the morphean fount



of that fine element that visions, dreams,



and fitful whims of sleep are made of, streams



750

into its airy channels with so subtle,



so thin a breathing, not the spider’s shuttle,



circled a million times within the space



of a swallow’s nest-door, could delay a trace,



a tinting of its quality: how light



must dreams themselves be, seeing they’re more slight



than the mere nothing that engenders them!



then wherefore sully the entrusted gem



of high and noble life with thoughts so sick?



why pierce high-fronted honour to the quick



760

for nothing but a dream?’ hereat the youth



looked up: a conflicting of shame and ruth



was in his plaited brow: yet, his eyelids



widened a little, as when zephyr bids



a little breeze to creep between the fans



of careless butterflies. amid his pains



he seemed to taste a drop of manna-dew,



full palatable; and a colour grew



upon his cheek, while thus he lifeful spake.



‘peona! ever have i longed to slake



770

my thirst for the world’s praises: nothing base,



no merely slumbrous phantasm, could unlace



the stubborn canvas for my voyage prepared –



though now ’tis tattered, leaving my bark bared



and sullenly drifting: yet my higher hope



is of too wide, too rainbow-large a scope,



to fret at myriads of earthly wrecks.



wherein lies happiness? in that which becks



our ready minds to fellowship divine,



a fellowship with essence; till we shine,



780

full alchemized, and free of space. behold



the clear religion of heaven! fold



a rose leaf round thy finger’s taperness,



and soothe thy lips; hist, when the airy stress



of music’s kiss impregnates the free winds,



and with a sympathetic touch unbinds



aeolian magic from their lucid wombs:



then old songs waken from enclouded tombs;



old ditties sigh above their father’s grave;



ghosts of melodious prophesyings rave



790

round every spot where trod apollo’s foot;



bronze clarions awake, and faintly bruit,



where long ago a giant battle was;



and, from the turf, a lullaby doth pass



in every place where infant orpheus slept.



feel we these things? – that moment have we stepped



into a sort of oneness, and our state



is like a floating spirit’s. but there are



richer entanglements, enthralments far



more self-destroying, leading, by degrees,



800

to the chief intensity: the crown of these



is made of love and friendship, and sits high



upon the forehead of humanity.



all its more ponderous and bulky worth



is friendship, whence there ever issues forth



a steady splendour; but at the tip-top,



there hangs by unseen film, an orbed drop



of light, and that is love: its influence,



thrown in our eyes, genders a novel sense,



at which we start and fret; till in the end,



810

melting into its radiance, we blend,



mingle, and so become a part of it –



nor with aught else can our souls interknit



so wingedly. when we combine therewith,



life’s self is nourished by its proper pith,



and we are nurtured like a pelican brood.



ay, so delicious is the unsating food,



that men, who might have towered in the van



of all the congregated world, to fan



and winnow from the coming step of time



820

all chaff of custom, wipe away all slime



left by men-slugs and human serpentry,



have been content to let occasion die,



whilst they did sleep in love’s elysium.



and, truly, i would rather be struck dumb,



than speak against this ardent listlessness:



for i have ever thought that it might bless



the world with benefits unknowingly,



as does the nightingale, up-perched high,



and cloistered among cool and bunched leaves –



830

she sings but to her love, nor e’er conceives



how tip-toe night holds back her dark-grey hood.



just so may love, although ’tis understood



the mere commingling of passionate breath,



produce more than our searching witnesseth –



what i know not: but who, of men, can tell



that flowers would bloom, or that green fruit would swell



to melting pulp, that fish would have bright mail,



the earth its dower of river, wood, and vale,



the meadows runnels, runnels pebble-stones,



840

the seed its harvest, or the lute its tones,



tones ravishment, or ravishment its sweet,



if human souls did never kiss and greet?



‘now, if this earthly love has power to make



men’s being mortal, immortal; to shake



ambition from their memories, and brim



their measure of content; what merest whim,



seems all this poor endeavour after fame,



to one, who keeps within his steadfast aim



a love immortal, an immortal too.



850

look not so wildered; for these things are true,



and never can be born of atomies



that buzz about our slumbers, like brain-flies,



leaving us fancy-sick. no, no, i’m sure,



my restless spirit never could endure



to brood so long upon one luxury,



unless it did, though fearfully, espy



a hope beyond the shadow of a dream.



my sayings will the less obscured seem,



when i have told thee how my waking sight



860

has made me scruple whether that same night



was passed in dreaming. hearken, sweet peona!



beyond the matron-temple of latona,



which we should see but for these darkening boughs,



lies a deep hollow, from whose ragged brows



bushes and trees do lean all round athwart



and meet so nearly, that with wings outraught,



and spreaded tail, a vulture could not glide



past them, but he must brush on every side.



some mouldered steps lead into this cool cell,



870

far as the slabbed margin of a well,



whose patient level peeps its crystal eye



right upward, through the bushes, to the sky.



oft have i brought thee flowers, on their stalks set



like vestal primroses, but dark velvet



edges them round, and they have golden pits:



’twas there i got them, from the gaps and slits



in a mossy stone, that sometimes was my seat,



when all above was faint with midday heat.



and there in strife no burning thoughts to heed,



880

i’d bubble up the water through a reed;



so reaching back to boyhood; make me ships



of moulted feathers, touchwood, alder chips,



with leaves stuck in them; and the neptune be



of their petty ocean. oftener, heavily,



when love-lorn hours had left me less a child,



i sat contemplating the figures wild



of o’er-head clouds melting the mirror through.



upon a day, while thus i watched, by flew



a cloudy cupid, with his bow and quiver,



890

so plainly charactered, no breeze would shiver



the happy chance: so happy, i was fain



to follow it upon the open plain,



and, therefore, was just going, when, behold!



a wonder, fair as any i have told –



the same bright face i tasted in my sleep,



smiling in the clear well. my heart did leap



through the cool depth. – it moved as if to flee –



i started up – when lo! refreshfully,



there came upon my face in plenteous showers,



900

dew-drops, and dewy buds, and leaves, and flowers,



wrapping all objects from my smothered sight,



bathing my spirit in a new delight.



ay, such a breathless honey-feel of bliss



alone preserved me from the drear abyss



of death, for the fair form had gone again.



pleasure is oft a visitant; but pain



clings cruelly to us, like the gnawing sloth



on the deer’s tender haunches: late, and loth,



’tis scared away by slow returning pleasure.



910

how sickening, how dark the dreadful leisure



of weary days, made deeper exquisite,



by a fore-knowledge of unslumbrous night!



like sorrow came upon me, heavier still,



than when i wandered from the poppy hill:



and a whole age of lingering moments crept



sluggishly by, ere more contentment swept



away at once the deadly yellow spleen.



yes, thrice have i this fair enchantment seen;



once more been tortured with renewed life.



920

when last the wintry gusts gave over strife



with the conquering sun of spring, and left the skies



warm and serene, but yet with moistened eyes



in pity of the shattered infant buds –



that time thou didst adorn, with amber studs,



my hunting cap, because i laughed and smiled,



chatted with thee, and many days exiled



all torment from my breast – ’twas even then,



straying about, yet, cooped up in the den



of helpless discontent, hurling my lance



930

from place to place, and following at chance,



at last, by hap, through some young trees it struck,



and, plashing among bedded pebbles, stuck



in the middle of a brook, whose silver ramble



down twenty little falls, through reeds and bramble,



tracing along, it brought me to a cave,



whence it ran brightly forth, and white did lave



the nether sides of mossy stones and rock –



‘mong which it gurgled blythe adieus, to mock



its own sweet grief at parting. overhead,



940

hung a lush screen of drooping weeds, and spread



thick, as to curtain up some wood-nymph’s home.



“ah! impious mortal, whither do i roam?”



said i, low voiced: “ah, whither! ’tis the grot



of proserpine, when hell, obscure and hot,



doth her resign, and where her tender hands



she dabbles, on the cool and sluicy sands;



or ’tis the cell of echo, where she sits,



and babbles thorough silence, till her wits



are gone in tender madness, and anon,



950

faints into sleep, with many a dying tone



of sadness. o that she would take my vows,



and breathe them sighingly among the boughs,



to sue her gentle ears for whose fair head,



daily, i pluck sweet flowerets from their bed,



and weave them dyingly – send honey-whispers



round every leaf, that all those gentle lispers



may sigh my love unto her pitying!



o charitable echo! hear, and sing



this ditty to her! tell her – ” so i stayed



960

my foolish tongue, and listening, half afraid,



stood stupefied with my own empty folly,



and blushing for the freaks of melancholy.



salt tears were coming, when i heard my name



most fondly lipped, and then these accents came:



“endymion! the cave is secreter



than the isle of delos. echo hence shall stir



no sighs but sigh-warm kisses, or light noise



of thy combing hand, the while it travelling cloys



and trembles through my labyrinthine hair.”



970

at that oppressed i hurried in. ah! where



are those swift moments? whither are they fled?



i’ll smile no more, peona; nor will wed



sorrow the way to death; but patiently



bear up against it – so farewell, sad sigh;



and come instead demurest meditation,



to occupy me wholly, and to fashion



my pilgrimage for the world’s dusky brink.



no more will i count over, link by link,



my chain of grief: no longer strive to find



980

a half-forgetfulness in mountain wind



blustering about my ears. ay, thou shalt see,



dearest of sisters, what my life shall be;



what a calm round of hours shall make my days.



there is a paly flame of hope that plays



where’er i look; but yet, i’ll say ’tis naught –



and here i bid it die. have not i caught,



already, a more healthy countenance?



by this the sun is setting; we may chance



meet some of our near-dwellers with my car.’



990

this said, he rose, faint-smiling like a star



through autumn mists, and took peona’s hand:



they stepped into the boat, and launched from land.





book ii



o sovereign power of love! o grief! o balm!



all records, saving thine, come cool, and calm,



and shadowy, through the mist of passed years:



for others, good or bad, hatred and tears



have become indolent, but touching thine,



one sigh doth echo, one poor sob doth pine,



one kiss brings honey-dew from buried days.



the woes of troy, towers smothering o’er their blaze,



stiff-holden shields, far-piercing spears, keen blades,



10

struggling, and blood, and shrieks – all dimly fades



into some backward corner of the brain:



yet, in our very souls, we feel amain



the close of troilus and cressid sweet.



hence, pageant history! hence, gilded cheat!



swart planet in the universe of deeds!



wide sea, that one continuous murmur breeds



along the pebbled shore of memory!



many old rotten-timbered boats there be



upon thy vaporous bosom, magnified



20

to goodly vessels; many a sail of pride,



and golden keeled, is left unlaunched and dry.



but wherefore this? what care, though owl did fly



about the great athenian admiral’s mast?



what care, though striding alexander passed



the indus with his macedonian numbers?



though old ulysses tortured from his slumbers



the glutted cyclops, what care? – juliet leaning



amid her window-flowers, sighing, weaning



tenderly her fancy from its maiden snow,



30

doth more avail than these. the silver flow



of hero’s tears, the swoon of imogen,



fair pastorella in the bandit’s den,



are things to brood on with more ardency



than the death-day of empires. fearfully



must such conviction come upon his head,



who, thus far, discontent, has dared to tread,



without one muse’s smile, or kind behest,



the path of love and poesy. but rest,



in chafing restlessness, is yet more drear



40

than to be crushed in striving to uprear



love’s standard on the battlements of song.



so once more days and nights aid me along,



like legioned soldiers.



brain-sick shepherd prince,



what promise hast thou faithful guarded since



the day of sacrifice? or, have new sorrows



come with the constant dawn upon thy morrows?



alas! ’tis his old grief. for many days,



has he been wandering in uncertain ways:



through wilderness, and woods of mossed oaks,



50

counting his woe-worn minutes, by the strokes



of the lone woodcutter; and listening still,



hour after hour, to each lush-leaved rill.



now he is sitting by a shady spring,



and elbow-deep with feverous fingering



stems the up-bursting cold: a wild rose tree



pavilions him in bloom, and he doth see



a bud which snares his fancy. lo! but now



he plucks it, dips its stalk in the water: how!



it swells, it buds, it flowers beneath his sight;



60

and, in the middle, there is softly pight



a golden butterfly, upon whose wings



there must be surely charactered strange things,



for with wide eye he wonders, and smiles oft.



lightly this little herald flew aloft,



followed by glad endymion’s clasped hands:



onward it flies. from languor’s sullen bands



his limbs are loosed, and eager, on he hies



dazzled to trace it in the sunny skies.



it seemed he flew, the way so easy was;



70

and like a new-born spirit did he pass



through the green evening quiet in the sun,



o’er many a heath, through many a woodland dun,



through buried paths, where sleepy twilight dreams



the summer time away. one track unseams



a wooded cleft, and, far away, the blue



of ocean fades upon him; then, anew,



he sinks adown a solitary glen,



where there was never sound of mortal men,



saving, perhaps, some snow-light cadences



80

melting to silence, when upon the breeze



some holy bark let forth an anthem sweet,



to cheer itself to delphi. still his feet



went swift beneath the merry-winged guide,



until it reached a splashing fountain’s side



that, near a cavern’s mouth, for ever poured



unto the temperate air: then high it soared,



and, downward, suddenly began to dip,



as if, athirst with so much toil, ’twould sip



the crystal spout-head: so it did, with touch



90

most delicate, as though afraid to smutch



even with mealy gold the waters clear.



but, at that very touch, to disappear



so fairy-quick, was strange! bewildered,



endymion sought around, and shook each bed



of covert flowers in vain; and then he flung



himself along the grass. what gentle tongue,



what whisperer disturbed his gloomy rest?



it was a nymph uprisen to the breast



in the fountain’s pebbly margin, and she stood



100

‘mong lilies, like the youngest of the brood.



to him her dripping hand she softly kissed,



and anxiously began to plait and twist



her ringlets round her fingers, saying: ‘youth!



too long, alas, hast thou starved on the ruth,



the bitterness of love: too long indeed,



seeing thou art so gentle. could i weed



thy soul of care, by heavens, i would offer



all the bright riches of my crystal coffer



to amphitrite; all my clear-eyed fish,



110

golden, or rainbow-sided, or purplish,



vermilion-tailed, or finned with silvery gauze;



yea, or my veined pebble-floor, that draws



a virgin light to the deep; my grotto-sands



tawny and gold, oozed slowly from far lands



by my diligent springs; my level lilies, shells,



my charming rod, my potent river spells;



yes, every thing, even to the pearly cup



meander gave me – for i bubbled up



to fainting creatures in a desert wild.



120

but woe is me, i am but as a child



to gladden thee; and all i dare to say,



is, that i pity thee; that on this day



i’ve been thy guide; that thou must wander far



in other regions, past the scanty bar



to mortal steps, before thou canst be ta’en



from every wasting sigh, from every pain,



into the gentle bosom of thy love.



why it is thus, one knows in heaven above:



but, a poor naiad, i guess not. farewell!



130

i have a ditty for my hollow cell.’



hereat, she vanished from endymion’s gaze,



who brooded o’er the water in amaze:



the dashing fount poured on, and where its pool



lay, half asleep, in grass and rushes cool,



quick waterflies and gnats were sporting still,



and fish were dimpling, as if good nor ill



had fallen out that hour. the wanderer,



holding his forehead, to keep off the burr



of smothering fancies, patiently sat down;



140

and, while beneath the evening’s sleepy frown



glow-worms began to trim their starry lamps,



thus breathed he to himself: ‘whoso encamps



to take a fancied city of delight,



o what a wretch is he! and when ’tis his,



after long toil and travailing, to miss



the kernel of his hopes, how more than vile:



yet, for him there’s refreshment even in toil;



another city doth he set about,



free from the smallest pebble-bead of doubt



150

that he will seize on trickling honey-combs –



alas, he finds them dry; and then he foams,



and onward to another city speeds.



but this is human life: the war, the deeds,



the disappointment, the anxiety,



imagination’s struggles, far and nigh,



all human; bearing in themselves this good,



that they are still the air, the subtle food,



to make us feel existence, and to show



how quiet death is. where soil is men grow,



160

whether to weeds or flowers; but for me,



there is no depth to strike in. i can see



naught earthly worth my compassing; so stand



upon a misty, jutting head of land –



alone? no, no; and, by the orphean lute,



when mad eurydice is listening to’t,



i’d rather stand upon this misty peak,



with not a thing to sigh for, or to seek,



but the soft shadow of my thrice-seen love,



than be – i care not what. o meekest dove



170

of heaven! o cynthia, ten-times bright and fair!



from thy blue throne, now filling all the air,



glance but one little beam of tempered light



into my bosom, that the dreadful might



and tyranny of love be somewhat scared!



yet do not so, sweet queen; one torment spared,



would give a pang to jealous misery,



worse than the torment’s self; but rather tie



large wings upon my shoulders, and point out



my love’s far dwelling. though the playful rout



180

of cupids shun thee, too divine art thou,



too keen in beauty, for thy silver prow



not to have dipped in love’s most gentle stream.



o be propitious, nor severely deem



my madness impious; for, by all the stars



that tend thy bidding, i do think the bars



that kept my spirit in are burst – that i



am sailing with thee through the dizzy sky!



how beautiful thou art! the world how deep!



how tremulous-dazzlingly the wheels sweep



190

around their axle! then these gleaming reins,



how lithe! when this thy chariot attains



its airy goal, haply some bower veils



those twilight eyes? those eyes! – my spirit fails



dear goddess, help! or the wide-gaping air



will gulf me – help!’ at this with maddened stare



and lifted hands, and trembling lips he stood;



like old deucalion mountained o’er the flood,



or blind orion hungry for the morn.



and, but from the deep cavern there was borne



200

a voice, he had been froze to senseless stone;



nor sigh of his, nor plaint, nor passioned moan



had more been heard. thus swelled it forth: ‘descend,



young mountaineer! descend where alleys bend



into the sparry hollows of the world!



oft hast thou seen bolts of the thunder hurled



as from thy threshold; day by day hast been



a little lower than the chilly sheen



of icy pinnacles, and dippedst thine arms



into the deadening ether that still charms



210

their marble being: now, as deep profound



as those are high, descend! he ne’er is crowned



with immortality, who fears to follow



where airy voices lead: so through the hollow,



the silent mysteries of earth, descend!’



he heard but the last words, nor could contend



one moment in reflection: for he fled



into the fearful deep, to hide his head



from the clear moon, the trees, and coming madness.



’twas far too strange, and wonderful for sadness;



220

sharpening, by degrees, his appetite



to dive into the deepest. dark, nor light,



the region; nor bright, nor sombre wholly,



but mingled up; a gleaming melancholy;



a dusky empire and its diadems;



one faint eternal eventide of gems.



ay, millions sparkled on a vein of gold,



along whose track the prince quick footsteps told,



with all its lines abrupt and angular:



out-shooting sometimes, like a meteor-star,



230

through a vast antre; then the metal woof,



like vulcan’s rainbow, with some monstrous roof



curves hugely: now, far in the deep abyss,



it seems an angry lightning, and doth hiss



fancy into belief: anon it leads



through winding passages, where sameness breeds



vexing conceptions of some sudden change,



whether to silver grots, or giant range



of sapphire columns, or fantastic bridge



athwart a flood of crystal. on a ridge



240

now fareth he, that o’er the vast beneath



towers like an ocean-cliff, and whence he seeth



a hundred waterfalls, whose voices come



but as the murmuring surge. chilly and numb



his bosom grew, when first he, far away



descried an orbed diamond, set to fray



old darkness from his throne. ’twas like the sun



uprisen o’er chaos, and with such a stun



came the amazement, that, absorbed in it,



he saw not fiercer wonders – past the wit



250

of any spirit to tell, but one of those



who, when this planet’s sphering time doth close,



will be its high remembrancers. who they?



the mighty ones who have made eternal day



for greece and england. while astonishment



with deep-drawn sighs was quieting, he went



into a marble gallery, passing through



a mimic temple, so complete and true



in sacred custom, that he well nigh feared



to search it inwards; whence far off appeared,



260

through a long pillared vista, a fair shrine,



and, just beyond, on light tip-toe divine,



a quivered dian. stepping awfully,



the youth approached, oft turning his veiled eye



down sidelong aisles, and into niches old.



and when, more near against the marble cold



he had touched his forehead, he began to thread



all courts and passages, where silence dead,



roused by his whispering footsteps, murmured faint:



and long he traversed to and fro, to acquaint



270

himself with every mystery, and awe;



till, weary, he sat down before the maw



of a wide outlet, fathomless and dim,



to wild uncertainty and shadows grim.



there, when new wonders ceased to float before,



and thoughts of self came on, how crude and sore



the journey homeward to habitual self!



a mad-pursuing of the fog-born elf,



whose flitting lantern, through rude nettle-briar,



cheats us into a swamp, into a fire,



280

into the bosom of a hated thing.



what misery most drowningly doth sing



in lone endymion’s ear, now he has raught



the goal of consciousness? ah, ’tis the thought,



the deadly feel of solitude: for lo!



he cannot see the heavens, nor the flow



of rivers, nor hill-flowers running wild



in pink and purple chequer, nor, up-piled,



the cloudy rack slow journeying in the west,



like herded elephants; nor felt, nor pressed



290

cool grass, nor tasted the fresh slumbrous air;



but far from such companionship to wear



an unknown time, surcharged with grief, away,



was now his lot. and must he patient stay,



tracing fantastic figures with his spear?



‘no!’ exclaimed he, ‘why should i tarry here?’



‘no!’ loudly echoed times innumerable.



at which he straightway started, and ’gan tell



his paces back into the temple’s chief,



warming and glowing strong in the belief



300

of help from dian: so that when again



he caught her airy form, thus did he plain,



moving more near the while: ‘o haunter chaste



of river sides, and woods, and heathy waste,



where with thy silver bow and arrows keen



art thou now forested! o woodland queen,



what smoothest air thy smoother forehead woos?



where dost thou listen to the wide halloos



of thy disparted nymphs? through what dark tree



glimmers thy crescent? wheresoe’er it be,



310

’tis in the breath of heaven: thou dost taste



freedom as none can taste it, nor dost waste



thy loveliness in dismal elements;



but, finding on our green earth sweet contents,



there livest blissfully. ah, if to thee



it feels elysian, how rich to me,



an exil’d mortal, sounds its pleasant name!



within my breast there lives a choking flame –



o let me cool’t the zephyr-boughs among!



a homeward fever parches up my tongue –



320

o let me slake it at the running springs!



upon my ear a noisy nothing rings –



o let me once more hear the linnet’s note!



before mine eyes thick films and shadows float –



o let me ’noint them with the heaven’s light!



dost thou now lave thy feet and ankles white?



o think how sweet to me the freshening sluice!



dost thou now please thy thirst with berry-juice?



o think how this dry palate would rejoice!



if in soft slumber thou dost hear my voice,



330

o think how i should love a bed of flowers! –



young, goddess! let me see my native bowers!



deliver me from this rapacious deep!’



thus ending loudly, as he would o’erleap



his destiny, alert he stood: but when



obstinate silence came heavily again,



feeling about for its old couch of space



and airy cradle, lowly bowed his face



desponding, o’er the marble floor’s cold thrill.



but ’twas not long; for, sweeter than the rill



340

to its cold channel, or a swollen tide



to margin sallows, were the leaves he spied,



and flowers, and wreaths, and ready myrtle crowns



up-heaping through the slab. refreshment drowns



itself, and strives its own delights to hide –



nor in one spot alone; the floral pride



in a long whispering birth enchanted grew



before his footsteps; as when heaved anew



old ocean rolls a lengthened wave to the shore,



down whose green back the short-lived foam, all hoar,



350

bursts gradual, with a wayward indolence.



increasing still in heart, and pleasant sense,



upon his fairy journey on he hastes;



so anxious for the end, he scarcely wastes



one moment with his hand among the sweets:



onward he goes – he stops – his bosom beats



as plainly in his ear, as the faint charm



of which the throbs were born. this still alarm,



this sleepy music, forced him walk tip-toe:



for it came more softly than the east could blow



360

arion’s magic to the atlantic isles;



or than the west, made jealous by the smiles



of throned apollo, could breathe back the lyre



to seas ionian and tyrian.



o did he ever live, that lonely man,



who loved – and music slew not? ’tis the pest



of love, that fairest joys give most unrest;



that things of delicate and tenderest worth



are swallowed all, and made a seared dearth,



by one consuming flame – it doth immerse



370

and suffocate true blessings in a curse.



half-happy, by comparison of bliss,



is miserable. ’twas even so with this



dew-dropping melody, in the carian’s ear;



first heaven, then hell, and then forgotten clear,



vanished in elemental passion.



and down some swart abysm he had gone,



had not a heavenly guide benignant led



to where thick myrtle branches, ’gainst his head



brushing, awakened: then the sounds again



380

went noiseless as a passing noontide rain



over a bower, where little space he stood;



for as the sunset peeps into a wood



so saw he panting light, and towards it went



through winding alleys – and lo, wonderment!



upon soft verdure saw, one here, one there,



cupids a-slumbering on their pinions fair.



after a thousand mazes overgone,



at last, with sudden step, he came upon



a chamber, myrtle walled, embowered high,



390

full of light, incense, tender minstrelsy,



and more of beautiful and strange beside:



for on a silken couch of rosy pride,



in midst of all, there lay a sleeping youth



of fondest beauty; fonder, in fair sooth,



than sighs could fathom, or contentment reach:



and coverlids gold-tinted like the peach,



or ripe october faded marigolds,



fell sleek about him in a thousand folds –



not hiding up an apollonian curve



400

of neck and shoulder, nor the tenting swerve



of knee from knee, nor ankles pointing light;



but rather, giving them to the filled sight



officiously. sideway his face reposed



on one white arm, and tenderly unclosed,



by tenderest pressure, a faint damask mouth



to slumbery pout; just as the morning south



disparts a dew-lipped rose. above his head,



four lily stalks did their white honours wed



to make a coronal; and round him grew



410

all tendrils green, of every bloom and hue,



together intertwined and trammelled fresh:



the vine of glossy sprout; the ivy mesh,



shading its ethiope berries; and woodbine,



of velvet leaves and bugle-blooms divine;



convolvulus in streaked vases flush;



the creeper, mellowing for an autumn blush;



and virgin’s bower, trailing airily;



with others of the sisterhood. hard by,



stood serene cupids watching silently.



420

one, kneeling to a lyre, touched the strings,



muffling to death the pathos with his wings;



and, ever and anon, uprose to look



at the youth’s slumber; while another took



a willow-bough, distilling odorous dew,



and shook it on his hair; another flew



in through the woven roof, and fluttering-wise



rained violets upon his sleeping eyes.



at these enchantments, and yet many more,



the breathless latmian wondered o’er and o’er;



430

until, impatient in embarrassment,



he forthright passed, and lightly treading went



to that same feathered lyrist, who straightway,



smiling, thus whispered: ‘though from upper day



thou art a wanderer, and thy presence here



might seem unholy, be of happy cheer!



for ’tis the nicest touch of human honour,



when some ethereal and high-favouring donor



presents immortal bowers to mortal sense –



as now ’tis done to thee, endymion. hence



440

was i in no wise startled. so recline



upon these living flowers. here is wine,



alive with sparkles – never, i aver,



since ariadne was a vintager,



so cool a purple: taste these juicy pears,



sent me by sad vertumnus, when his fears



were high about pomona: here is cream,



deepening to richness from a snowy gleam;



sweeter than that nurse amalthea skimmed



for the boy jupiter: and here, undimmed



450

by any touch, a bunch of blooming plums



ready to melt between an infant’s gums:



and here is manna picked from syrian trees,



in starlight, by the three hesperides.



feast on, and meanwhile i will let thee know



of all these things around us.’ he did so,



still brooding o’er the cadence of his lyre;



and thus: ‘i need not any hearing tire



by telling how the sea-born goddess pined



for a mortal youth, and how she strove to bind



460

him all in all unto her doting self.



who would not be so prisoned? but, fond elf,



he was content to let her amorous plea



faint through his careless arms; content to see



an unseized heaven dying at his feet;



content, o fool! to make a cold retreat,



when on the pleasant grass such love, lovelorn,



lay sorrowing; when every tear was born



of diverse passion; when her lips and eyes



were closed in sullen moisture, and quick sighs



470

came vexed and pettish through her nostrils small.



hush! no exclaim – yet, justly mightest thou call



curses upon his head. – i was half glad,



but my poor mistress went distract and mad,



when the boar tusked him: so away she flew



to jove’s high throne, and by her plainings drew



immortal tear-drops down the thunderer’s beard;



whereon, it was decreed he should be reared



each summer-time to life. lo! this is he,



that same adonis, safe in the privacy



480

of this still region all his winter-sleep.



ay, sleep; for when our love-sick queen did weep



over his waned corse, the tremulous shower



healed up the wound, and, with a balmy power,



medicined death to a lengthened drowsiness:



the which she fills with visions, and doth dress



in all this quiet luxury; and hath set



us young immortals, without any let,



to watch his slumber through. ’tis well nigh passed,



even to a moment’s filling up, and fast



490

she scuds with summer breezes, to pant through



the first long kiss, warm firstling, to renew



embowered sports in cytherea’s isle.



look! how those winged listeners all this while



stand anxious! see! behold!’ – this clamant word



broke through the careful silence; for they heard



a rustling noise of leaves, and out there fluttered



pigeons and doves: adonis something muttered



the while one hand, that erst upon his thigh



lay dormant, moved convulsed and gradually



500

up to his forehead. then there was a hum



of sudden voices, echoing, ‘come! come!



arise! awake! clear summer has forth walked



unto the clover-sward, and she has talked



full soothingly to every nested finch:



rise, cupids! or we’ll give the blue-bell pinch



to your dimpled arms. once more sweet life begin!’



at this, from every side they hurried in,



rubbing their sleepy eyes with lazy wrists,



and doubling over head their little fists



510

in backward yawns. but all were soon alive:



for as delicious wine doth, sparkling, dive



in nectared clouds and curls through water fair,



so from the arbour roof down swelled an air



odorous and enlivening; making all



to laugh, and play, and sing, and loudly call



for their sweet queen – when lo! the wreathed green



disparted, and far upward could be seen



blue heaven, and a silver car, air-borne,



whose silent wheels, fresh wet from clouds of morn,



520

spun off a drizzling dew, which falling chill



on soft adonis’ shoulders, made him still



nestle and turn uneasily about.



soon were the white doves plain, with necks stretched out,



and silken traces tightened in descent;



and soon, returning from love’s banishment,



queen venus leaning downward open-armed.



her shadow fell upon his breast, and charmed



a tumult to his heart, and a new life



into his eyes. ah, miserable strife,



530

but for her comforting! unhappy sight,



but meeting her blue orbs! who, who can write



of these first minutes? the unchariest muse



to embracements warm as theirs makes coy excuse.



o it has ruffled every spirit there,



saving love’s self, who stands superb to share



the general gladness. awfully he stands;



a sovereign quell is in his waving hands;



no sight can bear the lightning of his bow;



his quiver is mysterious, none can know



540

what themselves think of it; from forth his eyes



there darts strange light of varied hues and dyes;



a scowl is sometimes on his brow, but who



look full upon it feel anon the blue



of his fair eyes run liquid through their souls.



endymion feels it, and no more controls



the burning prayer within him; so, bent low,



he had begun a plaining of his woe.



but venus, bending forward, said: ‘my child,



favour this gentle youth; his days are wild



550

with love – he – but alas! too well i see



thou know’st the deepness of his misery.



ah, smile not so, my son: i tell thee true,



that when through heavy hours i used to rue



the endless sleep of this new-born adon’,



this stranger aye i pitied. for upon



a dreary morning once i fled away



into the breezy clouds, to weep and pray



for this my love, for vexing mars had teased



me even to tears. thence, when a little eased,



560

down-looking, vacant, through a hazy wood,



i saw this youth as he despairing stood:



those same dark curls blown vagrant in the wind;



those same full-fringed lids a constant blind



over his sullen eyes. i saw him throw



himself on withered leaves, even as though



death had come sudden; for no jot he moved,



yet muttered wildly. i could hear he loved



some fair immortal, and that his embrace



had zoned her through the night. there is no trace



570

of this in heaven: i have marked each cheek,



and find it is the vainest thing to seek;



and that of all things ’tis kept secretest.



endymion! one day thou wilt be blest:



so still obey the guiding hand that fends



thee safely through these wonders for sweet ends.



’tis a concealment needful in extreme,



and if i guessed not so, the sunny beam



thou shouldst mount up to with me. now adieu!



here must we leave thee.’ – at these words up-flew



580

the impatient doves, up-rose the floating car,



up went the hum celestial. high afar



the latmian saw them minish into naught;



and, when all were clear vanished, still he caught



a vivid lightning from that dreadful bow.



when all was darkened, with aetnean throe



the earth closed – gave a solitary moan –



and left him once again in twilight lone.



he did not rave, he did not stare aghast,



for all those visions were o’ergone, and passed,



590

and he in loneliness: he felt assured



of happy times, when all he had endured



would seem a feather to the mighty prize.



so, with unusual gladness, on he hies



through caves, and palaces of mottled ore,



gold dome, and crystal wall, and turquoise floor,



black polished porticoes of awful shade,



and, at the last, a diamond balustrade,



leading afar past wild magnificence,



spiral through ruggedest loopholes, and thence



600

stretching across a void, then guiding o’er



enormous chasms, where, all foam and roar,



streams subterranean tease their granite beds;



then heightened just above the silvery heads



of a thousand fountains, so that he could dash



the waters with his spear – but at the splash,



done heedlessly, those spouting columns rose



sudden a poplar’s height, and ’gan enclose



his diamond path with fretwork, streaming round



alive, and dazzling cool, and with a sound,



610

haply, like dolphin tumults, when sweet shells



welcome the float of thetis. long he dwells



on this delight; for, every minute’s space,



the streams with changed magic interlace:



sometimes like delicatest lattices,



covered with crystal vines; then weeping trees,



moving about as in a gentle wind,



which, in a wink, to watery gauze refined,



poured into shapes of curtained canopies,



spangled, and rich with liquid broideries



620

of flowers, peacocks, swans, and naiads fair.



swifter than lightning went these wonders rare;



and then the water, into stubborn streams



collecting, mimicked the wrought oaken beams,



pillars, and frieze, and high fantastic roof,



of those dusk places in times far aloof



cathedrals called. he bade a loth farewell



to these founts protean, passing gulf, and dell,



and torrent, and ten thousand jutting shapes,



half seen through deepest gloom, and grisly gapes,



630

blackening on every side, and overhead



a vaulted dome like heaven’s, far bespread



with starlight gems: ay, all so huge and strange,



the solitary felt a hurried change



working within him into something dreary –



vexed like a morning eagle, lost, and weary,



and purblind amid foggy, midnight wolds.



but he revives at once: for who beholds



new sudden things, nor casts his mental slough?



forth from a rugged arch, in the dusk below,



640

came mother cybele! alone – alone –



in sombre chariot; dark foldings thrown



about her majesty, and front death-pale,



with turrets crowned. four maned lions hale



the sluggish wheels; solemn their toothed maws,



their surly eyes brow-hidden, heavy paws



uplifted drowsily, and nervy tails



cowering their tawny brushes. silent sails



this shadowy queen athwart, and faints away



in another gloomy arch.



wherefore delay,



650

young traveller, in such a mournful place?



art thou wayworn, or canst not further trace



the diamond path? and does it indeed end



abrupt in middle air? yet earthward bend



thy forehead, and to jupiter cloud-borne



call ardently! he was indeed wayworn;



abrupt, in middle air, his way was lost;



to cloud-borne jove he bowed, and there crossed



towards him a large eagle, ’twixt whose wings,



without one impious word, himself he flings,



660

committed to the darkness and the gloom:



down, down, uncertain to what pleasant doom,



swift as a fathoming plummet down he fell



through unknown things, till exhaled asphodel,



and rose, with spicy fannings interbreathed,



came swelling forth where little caves were wreathed



so thick with leaves and mosses, that they seemed



large honey-combs of green, and freshly teemed



with airs delicious. in the greenest nook



the eagle landed him, and farewell took.



670

it was a jasmine bower, all bestrown



with golden moss. his every sense had grown



ethereal for pleasure; ’bove his head



flew a delight half-graspable; his tread



was hesperian; to his capable ears



silence was music from the holy spheres;



a dewy luxury was in his eyes;



the little flowers felt his pleasant sighs



and stirred them faintly. verdant cave and cell



he wandered through, oft wondering at such swell



680

of sudden exaltation: but, ‘alas!’



said he, ‘will all this gush of feeling pass



away in solitude? and must they wane,



like melodies upon a sandy plain,



without an echo? then shall i be left



so sad, so melancholy, so bereft!



yet still i feel immortal! o my love,



my breath of life, where art thou? high above,



dancing before the morning gates of heaven?



or keeping watch among those starry seven,



690

old atlas’ children? art a maid of the waters,



one of shell-winding triton’s bright-haired daughters?



or art – impossible – a nymph of dian’s,



weaving a coronal of tender scions



for very idleness? where’er thou art,



methinks it now is at my will to start



into thine arms; to scare aurora’s train,



and snatch thee from the morning; o’er the main



to scud like a wild bird, and take thee off



from thy sea-foamy cradle; or to doff



700

thy shepherd vest, and woo thee mid fresh leaves.



no, no, too eagerly my soul deceives



its powerless self: i know this cannot be.



o let me then by some sweet dreaming flee



to her entrancements. hither, sleep, awhile!



hither, most gentle sleep! and soothing foil



for some few hours the coming solitude.’



thus spake he, and that moment felt endued



with power to dream deliciously; so wound



through a dim passage, searching till he found



710

the smoothest mossy bed and deepest, where



he threw himself, and just into the air



stretching his indolent arms, he took – o bliss! –



a naked waist: ‘fair cupid, whence is this?’



a well-known voice sighed, ‘sweetest, here am i!’



at which soft ravishment, with doting cry



they trembled to each other. – helicon!



o fountained hill! old homer’s helicon!



that thou wouldst spout a little streamlet o’er



these sorry pages! then the verse would soar



720

and sing above this gentle pair, like lark



over his nested young: but all is dark



around thine aged top, and thy clear fount



exhales in mists to heaven. ay, the count



of mighty poets is made up; the scroll



is folded by the muses; the bright roll



is in apollo’s hand: our dazed eyes



have seen a new tinge in the western skies:



the world has done its duty. yet, oh yet,



although the sun of poesy is set,



730

these lovers did embrace, and we must weep



that there is no old power left to steep



a quill immortal in their joyous tears.



long time in silence did their anxious fears



question that thus it was; long time they lay



fondling and kissing every doubt away;



long time ere soft caressing sobs began



to mellow into words, and then there ran



two bubbling springs of talk from their sweet lips.



‘o known unknown! from whom my being sips



740

such darling essence, wherefore may i not



be ever in these arms? in this sweet spot



pillow my chin for ever? ever press



these toying hands and kiss their smooth excess?



why not for ever and for ever feel



that breath about my eyes? ah, thou wilt steal



away from me again, indeed, indeed –



thou wilt be gone away, and wilt not heed



my lonely madness. speak, delicious fair!



is – is it to be so? no! who will dare



750

to pluck thee from me? and, of thine own will,



full well i feel thou wouldst not leave me. still



let me entwine thee surer, surer – now



how can we part? elysium! who art thou?



who, that thou canst not be for ever here,



or lift me with thee to some starry sphere?



enchantress! tell me by this soft embrace,



by the most soft completion of thy face,



those lips, o slippery blisses, twinkling eyes



and by these tenderest, milky sovereignties –



760

these tenderest – and by the nectar-wine,



the passion –’ ‘o doved ida the divine!



endymion! dearest! ah, unhappy me!



his soul will ’scape us – o felicity!



how he does love me! his poor temples beat



to the very tune of love – how sweet, sweet, sweet.



revive, dear youth, or i shall faint and die;



revive, or these soft hours will hurry by



in tranced dullness; speak, and let that spell



affright this lethargy! i cannot quell



770

its heavy pressure, and will press at least



my lips to thine, that they may richly feast



until we taste the life of love again.



what! dost thou move? dost kiss? o bliss! o pain!



i love thee, youth, more than i can conceive;



and so long absence from thee doth bereave



my soul of any rest – yet must i hence.



yet, can i not to starry eminence



uplift thee; nor for very shame can own



myself to thee. ah, dearest, do not groan



780

or thou wilt force me from this secrecy,



and i must blush in heaven. o that i



had done ’t already; that the dreadful smiles



at my lost brightness, my impassioned wiles,



had waned from olympus’ solemn height,



and from all serious gods; that our delight



was quite forgotten, save of us alone!



and wherefore so ashamed? ’tis but to atone



for endless pleasure, by some coward blushes:



yet must i be a coward! – horror rushes



790

too palpable before me – the sad look



of jove, minerva’s start – no bosom shook



with awe of purity, no cupid pinion



in reverence vailed, my crystalline dominion



half lost, and all old hymns made nullity!



but what is this to love? o i could fly



with thee into the ken of heavenly powers,



so thou wouldst thus, for many sequent hours,



press me so sweetly. now i swear at once



that i am wise, that pallas is a dunce –



800

perhaps her love like mine is but unknown –



o i do think that i have been alone



in chastity! yes, pallas has been sighing,



while every eve saw me my hair up-tying



with fingers cool as aspen leaves. sweet love,



i was as vague as solitary dove,



nor knew that nests were built. now a soft kiss –



ay, by that kiss, i vow an endless bliss,



an immortality of passion’s thine.



ere long i will exalt thee to the shine



810

of heaven ambrosial: and we will shade



ourselves whole summers by a river glade;



and i will tell thee stories of the sky,



and breathe thee whispers of its minstrelsy.



my happy love will overwing all bounds!



o let me melt into thee; let the sounds



of our close voices marry at their birth;



let us entwine hoveringly – o dearth



of human words! roughness of mortal speech!



lispings empyrean will i sometime teach



820

thine honeyed tongue – lute-breathings, which i gasp



to have thee understand, now while i clasp



thee thus, and weep for fondness – i am pained,



endymion. woe! woe! is grief contained



in the very deeps of pleasure, my sole life?’ –



hereat, with many sobs, her gentle strife



melted into a languor. he returned



entranced vows and tears.



ye who have yearned



with too much passion, will here stay and pity



for the mere sake of truth, as ’tis a ditty



830

not of these days, but long ago ’twas told



by a cavern wind unto a forest old;



and then the forest told it in a dream



to a sleeping lake, whose cool and level gleam



a poet caught as he was journeying



to phoebus’ shrine; and in it he did fling



his weary limbs, bathing an hour’s space,



and after, straight in that inspired place



he sang the story up into the air,



giving it universal freedom. there



840

has it been ever sounding for those ears



whose tips are glowing hot. the legend cheers



yon sentinel stars; and he who listens to it



must surely be self-doomed or he will rue it:



for quenchless burnings come upon the heart,



made fiercer by a fear lest any part



should be engulfed in the eddying wind.



as much as here is penned doth always find



a resting place, thus much comes clear and plain.



anon the strange voice is upon the wane –



850

and ’tis but echoed from departing sound,



that the fair visitant at last unwound



her gentle limbs, and left the youth asleep. –



thus the tradition of the gusty deep.



now turn we to our former chroniclers. –



endymion awoke, that grief of hers



sweet-paining on his ear: he sickly guessed



how lone he was once more, and sadly pressed



his empty arms together, hung his head,



and most forlorn upon that widowed bed



860

sat silently. love’s madness he had known:



often with more than tortured lion’s groan



moanings had burst from him; but now that rage



had passed away. no longer did he wage



a rough-voiced war against the dooming stars.



no, he had felt too much for such harsh jars.



the lyre of his soul aeolian-tuned



forgot all violence, and but communed



with melancholy thought. o he had swooned



drunken from pleasure’s nipple; and his love



870

henceforth was dove-like. loth was he to move



from the imprinted couch, and when he did,



’twas with slow, languid paces, and face hid



in muffling hands. so tempered, out he strayed



half seeing visions that might have dismayed



alecto’s serpents; ravishments more keen



than hermes’ pipe, when anxious he did lean



over eclipsing eyes; and at the last



it was a sounding grotto, vaulted vast,



o’er-studded with a thousand, thousand pearls,



880

and crimson-mouthed shells with stubborn curls,



of every shape and size, even to the bulk



in which whales arbour close, to brood and sulk



against an endless storm. moreover too,



fish-semblances, of green and azure hue,



ready to snort their streams. in this cool wonder



endymion sat down, and ’gan to ponder



on all his life: his youth, up to the day



when ’mid acclaim, and feasts, and garlands gay,



he stepped upon his shepherd throne; the look



890

of his white palace in wild forest nook,



and all the revels he had lorded there;



each tender maiden whom he once thought fair,



with every friend and fellow-woodlander –



passed like a dream before him. then the spur



of the old bards to mighty deeds; his plans



to nurse the golden age ’mong shepherd clans;



that wondrous night; the great pan-festival;



his sister’s sorrow; and his wanderings all,



until into the earth’s deep maw he rushed;



900

then all its buried magic, till it flushed



high with excessive love. ‘and now’, thought he,



‘how long must i remain in jeopardy



of blank amazements that amaze no more?



now i have tasted her sweet soul to the core



all other depths are shallow: essences,



once spiritual, are like muddy lees,



meant but to fertilize my earthly root,



and make my branches lift a golden fruit



into the bloom of heaven. other light,



910

though it be quick and sharp enough to blight



the olympian eagle’s vision, is dark,



dark as the parentage of chaos. hark!



my silent thoughts are echoing from these shells;



or they are but the ghosts, the dying swells



of noises far away? – list!’ – hereupon



he kept an anxious ear. the humming tone



came louder, and behold, there as he lay,



on either side out-gushed, with misty spray,



a copious spring; and both together dashed



920

swift, mad, fantastic round the rocks, and lashed



among the conches and shells of the lofty grot,



leaving a trickling dew. at last they shot



down from the ceiling’s height, pouring a noise



as of some breathless racers whose hopes poise



upon the last few steps, and with spent force



along the ground they took a winding course.



endymion followed – for it seemed that one



ever pursued, the other strove to shun –



followed their languid mazes, till well nigh



930

he had left thinking of the mystery,



and was now rapt in tender hoverings



over the vanished bliss. ah! what is it sings



his dream away? what melodies are these?



they sound as through the whispering of trees,



not native in such barren vaults. give ear!



‘o arethusa, peerless nymph! why fear



such tenderness as mine? great dian, why,



why didst thou hear her prayer? o that i



were rippling round her dainty fairness now,



940

circling about her waist, and striving how



to entice her to a dive! then stealing in



between her luscious lips and eyelids thin!



o that her shining hair was in the sun,



and i distilling from it thence to run



in amorous rillets down her shrinking form!



to linger on her lily shoulders, warm



between her kissing breasts, and every charm



touch-raptured! – see how painfully i flow;



fair maid, be pitiful to my great woe.



950

stay, stay thy weary course, and let me lead,



a happy wooer, to the flowery mead



where all that beauty snared me.’ – ‘cruel god,



desist! or my offended mistress’ nod



will stagnate all thy fountains – tease me not



with siren words – ah, have i really got



such power to madden thee? and is it true –



away, away, or i shall dearly rue



my very thoughts: in mercy then away,



kindest alpheus, for should i obey



960

my own dear will, ’twould be a deadly bane.



o, oread-queen! would that thou hadst a pain



like this of mine, then would i fearless turn



and be a criminal. alas, i burn,



i shudder – gentle river, get thee hence.



alpheus! thou enchanter! every sense



of mine was once made perfect in these woods.



fresh breezes, bowery lawns, and innocent floods,



ripe fruits, and lonely couch, contentment gave;



but ever since i heedlessly did lave



970

in thy deceitful stream, a panting glow



grew strong within me: wherefore serve me so,



and call it love? alas, ’twas cruelty.



not once more did i close my happy eye



amid the thrushes’ song. away! avaunt!



o ’twas a cruel thing.’ – ‘now thou dost taunt



so softly, arethusa, that i think



if thou wast playing on my shady brink,



thou wouldst bathe once again. innocent maid!



stifle thine heart no more; nor be afraid



980

of angry powers – there are deities



will shade us with their wings. those fitful sighs



’tis almost death to hear. o let me pour



a dewy balm upon them! – fear no more,



sweet arethusa! dian’s self must feel



sometimes these very pangs. dear maiden, steal



blushing into my soul, and let us fly



these dreary caverns for the open sky.



i will delight thee all my winding course,



from the green sea up to my hidden source



990

about arcadian forests; and will show



the channels where my coolest waters flow



through mossy rocks; where, ’mid exuberant green,



i roam in pleasant darkness, more unseen



than saturn in his exile; where i brim



round flowery islands, and take thence a skim



of mealy sweets, which myriads of bees



buzz from their honeyed wings: and thou shouldst please



thyself to choose the richest, where we might



be incense-pillowed every summer night.



1000

doff all sad fears, thou white deliciousness,



and let us be thus comforted; unless



thou couldst rejoice to see my hopeless stream



hurry distracted from sol’s temperate beam,



and pour to death along some hungry sands.’ –



‘what can i do, alpheus? dian stands



severe before me. persecuting fate!



unhappy arethusa! thou wast late



a huntress free in –’ at this, sudden fell



those two sad streams adown a fearful dell.



1010

the latmian listened, but he heard no more,



save echo, faint repeating o’er and o’er



the name of arethusa. on the verge



of that dark gulf he wept, and said: ‘i urge



thee, gentle goddess of my pilgrimage,



by our eternal hopes, to soothe, to assuage,



if thou art powerful, these lovers’ pains;



and make them happy in some happy plains.’



he turned – there was a whelming sound – he stepped –



there was a cooler light; and so he kept



1020

towards it by a sandy path, and lo!



more suddenly than doth a moment go,



the visions of the earth were gone and fled –



he saw the giant sea above his head.





book iii



there are who lord it o’er their fellow-men



with most prevailing tinsel: who unpen



their baaing vanities, to browse away



the comfortable green and juicy hay



from human pastures; or – o torturing fact! –



who, through an idiot blink, will see unpacked



fire-branded foxes to sear up and singe



our gold and ripe-eared hopes. with not one tinge



of sanctuary splendour, not a sight



10

able to face an owl’s, they still are dight



by the blear-eyed nations in empurpled vests,



and crowns, and turbans. with unladen breasts,



save of blown self-applause, they proudly mount



to their spirit’s perch, their being’s high account,



their tip-top nothings, their dull skies, their thrones –



amid the fierce intoxicating tones



of trumpets, shoutings, and belaboured drums,



and sudden cannon. ah! how all this hums,



in wakeful ears, like uproar passed and gone –



20

like thunder clouds that spake to babylon,



and set those old chaldeans to their tasks. –



are then regalities all gilded masks?



no, there are throned seats unscalable



but by a patient wing, a constant spell,



or by ethereal things that, unconfined,



can make a ladder of the eternal wind,



and poise about in cloudy thunder-tents



to watch the abysm-birth of elements.



ay, ’bove the withering of old-lipped fate



30

a thousand powers keep religious state,



in water, fiery realm, and airy bourne,



and, silent as a consecrated urn,



hold sphery sessions for a season due.



yet few of these far majesties – ah, few! –



have bared their operations to this globe –



few, who with gorgeous pageantry enrobe



our piece of heaven – whose benevolence



shakes hand with our own ceres, every sense



filling with spiritual sweets to plenitude,



40

as bees gorge full their cells. and, by the feud



’twixt nothing and creation, i here swear,



eterne apollo! that thy sister fair



is of all these the gentlier-mightiest.



when thy gold breath is misting in the west,



she unobserved steals unto her throne,



and there she sits most meek and most alone;



as if she had not pomp subservient;



as if thine eye, high poet, was not bent



towards her with the muses in thine heart;



50

as if the ministering stars kept not apart,



waiting for silver-footed messages.



o moon! the oldest shades ’mong oldest trees



feel palpitations when thou lookest in:



o moon! old boughs lisp forth a holier din



the while they feel thine airy fellowship.



thou dost bless everywhere, with silver lip



kissing dead things to life. the sleeping kine,



couched in thy brightness, dream of fields divine:



innumerable mountains rise, and rise,



60

ambitious for the hallowing of thine eyes;



and yet thy benediction passeth not



one obscure hiding-place, one little spot



where pleasure may be sent. the nested wren



has thy fair face within its tranquil ken,



and from beneath a sheltering ivy leaf



takes glimpses of thee; thou art a relief



to the poor patient oyster, where it sleeps



within its pearly house. the mighty deeps,



the monstrous sea is thine – the myriad sea!



70

o moon! far-spooming ocean bows to thee,



and tellus feels his forehead’s cumbrous load.



cynthia! where art thou now? what far abode



of green or silvery bower doth enshrine



such utmost beauty? alas, thou dost pine



for one as sorrowful: thy cheek is pale



for one whose cheek is pale: thou dost bewail



his tears, who weeps for thee. where dost thou sigh?



ah! surely that light peeps from vesper’s eye,



or what a thing is love! ’tis she, but lo!



80

how changed, how full of ache, how gone in woe!



she dies at the thinnest cloud; her loveliness



is wan on neptune’s blue: yet there’s a stress



of love-spangles, just off yon cape of trees,



dancing upon the waves, as if to please



the curly foam with amorous influence.



o, not so idle – for down-glancing thence



she fathoms eddies, and runs wild about



o’erwhelming water-courses; scaring out



the thorny sharks from hiding-holes, and frightening



90

their savage eyes with unaccustomed lightning.



where will the splendour be content to reach?



o love! how potent hast thou been to teach



strange journeyings! wherever beauty dwells,



in gulf or eyrie, mountains or deep dells,



in light, in gloom, in star or blazing sun,



thou pointest out the way, and straight ’tis won.



amid his toil thou gav’st leander breath;



thou leddest orpheus through the gleams of death;



thou madest pluto bear thin element;



100

and now, o winged chieftain! thou hast sent



a moon-beam to the deep, deep water-world,



to find endymion.



on gold sand impearled



with lily shells, and pebbles milky-white,



poor cynthia greeted him, and soothed her light



against his pallid face: he felt the charm



to breathlessness, and suddenly a warm



of his heart’s blood. ’twas very sweet. he stayed



his wandering steps, and half-entranced laid



his head upon a tuft of straggling weeds,



110

to taste the gentle moon, and freshening beads,



lashed from the crystal roof by fishes’ tails.



and so he kept, until the rosy veils



mantling the east by aurora’s peering hand



were lifted from the water’s breast, and fanned



into sweet air and sobered morning came



meekly through billows – when like taper-flame



left sudden by a dallying breath of air,



he rose in silence, and once more ’gan fare



along his fated way.



far had he roamed,



120

with nothing save the hollow vast, that foamed,



above, around, and at his feet – save things



more dead than morpheus’ imaginings:



old rusted anchors, helmets, breast-plates large



of gone sea-warriors; brazen beaks and targe;



rudders that for a hundred years had lost



the sway of human hand; gold vase embossed



with long-forgotten story, and wherein



no reveller had ever dipped a chin



but those of saturn’s vintage; mouldering scrolls,



130

writ in the tongue of heaven, by those souls



who first were on the earth; and sculptures rude



in ponderous stone, developing the mood



of ancient nox; – then skeletons of man,



of beast, behemoth, and leviathan,



and elephant, and eagle, and huge jaw



of nameless monster. a cold leaden awe



these secrets struck into him– and unless



dian had chased away that heaviness,



he might have died: but now, with cheered feel,



140

he onward kept, wooing these thoughts to steal



about the labyrinth in his soul of love.



what is there in thee, moon! that thou shouldst move



my heart so potently? when yet a child



i oft have dried my tears when thou hast smiled.



thou seemedst my sister: hand in hand we went



from eve to morn across the firmament.



no apples would i gather from the tree,



till thou hadst cooled their cheeks deliciously;



no tumbling water ever spake romance,



150

but when my eyes with thine thereon could dance;



no woods were green enough, no bower divine,



until thou liftedst up thine eyelids fine;



in sowing time ne’er would i dibble take,



or drop a seed, till thou wast wide awake;



and, in the summer-tide of blossoming,



no one but thee hath heard me blithely sing



and mesh my dewy flowers all the night.



no melody was like a passing sprite



if it went not to solemnize thy reign.



160

yes, in my boyhood, every joy and pain



by thee were fashioned to the self-same end,



and as i grew in years, still didst thou blend



with all my ardours: thou wast the deep glen –



thou wast the mountain-top – the sage’s pen –



the poet’s harp – the voice of friends – the sun.



thou wast the river – thou wast glory won.



thou wast my clarion’s blast – thou wast my steed –



my goblet full of wine – my topmost deed.



thou wast the charm of women, lovely moon!



170

o what a wild and harmonized tune



my spirit struck from all the beautiful!



on some bright essence could i lean, and lull



myself to immortality: i pressed



nature’s soft pillow in a wakeful rest.



but, gentle orb! there came a nearer bliss –



my strange love came – felicity’s abyss!



she came, and thou didst fade, and fade away –



yet not entirely. no, thy starry sway



has been an under-passion to this hour.



180

now i begin to feel thine orby power



is coming fresh upon me: o be kind,



keep back thine influence, and do not blind



my sovereign vision. – dearest love, forgive



that i can think away from thee and live! –



pardon me, airy planet, that i prize



one thought beyond thine argent luxuries!



how far beyond!’ at this a surprised start



frosted the springing verdure of his heart;



for as he lifted up his eyes to swear



190

how his own goddess was past all things fair,



he saw far in the concave green of the sea



an old man sitting calm and peacefully.



upon a weeded rock this old man sat,



and his white hair was awful, and a mat



of weeds were cold beneath his cold thin feet;



and, ample as the largest winding-sheet,



a cloak of blue wrapped up his aged bones,



o’erwrought with symbols by the deepest groans



of ambitious magic: every ocean-form



200

was woven in with black distinctness; storm,



and calm, and whispering, and hideous roar,



quicksand, and whirlpool, and deserted shore



were emblemed in the woof; with every shape



that skims, or dives, or sleeps, ’twixt cape and cape.



the gulfing whale was like a dot in the spell.



yet look upon it, and ’twould size and swell



to its huge self, and the minutest fish



would pass the very hardest gazer’s wish,



and show his little eye’s anatomy.



210

then there was pictured the regality



of neptune, and the sea nymphs round his state,



in beauteous vassalage, look up and wait.



beside this old man lay a pearly wand,



and in his lap a book, the which he conned



so steadfastly, that the new denizen



had time to keep him in amazed ken,



to mark these shadowings, and stand in awe.



the old man raised his hoary head and saw



the wildered stranger – seeming not to see,



220

his features were so lifeless. suddenly



he woke as from a trance; his snow-white brows



went arching up, and like two magic ploughs



furrowed deep wrinkles in his forehead large,



which kept as fixedly as rocky marge,



till round his withered lips had gone a smile.



then up he rose, like one whose tedious toil



had watched for years in forlorn hermitage,



who had not from mid-life to utmost age



eased in one accent his o’er-burdened soul,



230

even to the trees. he rose: he grasped his stole,



with convulsed clenches waving it abroad,



and in a voice of solemn joy, that awed



echo into oblivion, he said:



‘thou art the man! now shall i lay my head



in peace upon my watery pillow: now



sleep will come smoothly to my weary brow.



o jove! i shall be young again, be young!



o shell-borne neptune, i am pierced and stung



with new-born life! what shall i do? where go,



240

when i have cast this serpent-skin of woe? –



i’ll swim to the syrens, and one moment listen



their melodies, and see their long hair glisten;



anon upon that giant’s arm i’ll be,



that writhes about the roots of sicily;



to northern seas i’ll in a twinkling sail,



and mount upon the snortings of a whale



to some black cloud; thence down i’ll madly sweep



on forked lightning, to the deepest deep,



where through some sucking pool i will be hurled



250

with rapture to the other side of the world!



o, i am full of gladness! sisters three,



i bow full hearted to your old decree!



yes, every god be thanked, and power benign,



for i no more shall wither, droop, and pine.



thou art the man!’ endymion started back



dismayed; and, like a wretch from whom the rack



tortures hot breath, and speech of agony,



muttered: ‘what lonely death am i to die



in this cold region? will he let me freeze,



260

and float my brittle limbs o’er polar seas?



or will he touch me with his searing hand,



and leave a black memorial on the sand?



or tear me piece-meal with a bony saw,



and keep me as a chosen food to draw



his magian fish through hated fire and flame?



o misery of hell! resistless, tame,



am i to be burnt up? no, i will shout,



until the gods through heaven’s blue look out! –



o tartarus! but some few days agone



270

her soft arms were entwining me, and on



her voice i hung like fruit among green leaves:



her lips were all my own, and – ah, ripe sheaves



of happiness! ye on the stubble droop,



but never may be garnered. i must stoop



my head, and kiss death’s foot. love! love, farewell!



is there no hope from thee? this horrid spell



would melt at thy sweet breath. – by dian’s hind



feeding from her white fingers, on the wind



i see thy streaming hair! and now, by pan,



280

i care not for this old mysterious man!’



he spake, and walking to that aged form,



looked high defiance. lo! his heart ’gan warm



with pity, for the grey-haired creature wept.



had he then wronged a heart where sorrow kept?



had he, though blindly contumelious, brought



rheum to kind eyes, a sting to humane thought,



convulsion to a mouth of many years?



he had in truth; and he was ripe for tears.



the penitent shower fell, as down he knelt



290

before that care-worn sage, who trembling felt



about his large dark locks, and faltering spake:



‘arise, good youth, for sacred phoebus’ sake!



i know thine inmost bosom, and i feel



a very brother’s yearning for thee steal



into mine own. for why? thou openest



the prison gates that have so long oppressed



my weary watching. though thou know’st it not,



thou art commissioned to this fated spot



for great enfranchisement. o weep no more;



300

i am a friend to love, to loves of yore.



ay, hadst thou never loved an unknown power,



i had been grieving at this joyous hour.



but even now most miserable old,



i saw thee, and my blood no longer cold



gave mighty pulses: in this tottering case



grew a new heart, which at this moment plays



as dancingly as thine. be not afraid,



for thou shalt hear this secret all displayed,



now as we speed towards our joyous task.’



310

so saying, this young soul in age’s mask



went forward with the carian side by side:



resuming quickly thus, while ocean’s tide



hung swollen at their backs, and jewelled sands



took silently their foot-prints:



‘my soul stands



now past the midway from mortality,



and so i can prepare without a sigh



to tell thee briefly all my joy and pain.



i was a fisher once, upon this main,



and my boat danced in every creek and bay.



320

rough billows were my home by night and day –



the sea-gulls not more constant – for i had



no housing from the storm and tempests mad,



but hollow rocks – and they were palaces



of silent happiness, of slumbrous ease:



long years of misery have told me so.



ay, thus it was one thousand years ago.



one thousand years! – is it then possible



to look so plainly through them? to dispel



a thousand years with backward glance sublime?



330

to breathe away as ’twere all scummy slime



from off a crystal pool, to see its deep,



and one’s own image from the bottom peep?



yes: now i am no longer wretched thrall,



my long captivity and moanings all



are but a slime, a thin-pervading scum,



the which i breathe away, and thronging come



like things of yesterday my youthful pleasures.



‘i touched no lute, i sang not, trod no measures:



i was a lonely youth on desert shores.



340

my sports were lonely, ’mid continuous roars,



and craggy isles, and sea-mew’s plaintive cry



plaining discrepant between sea and sky.



dolphins were still my playmates; shapes unseen



would let me feel their scales of gold and green,



nor be my desolation; and, full oft,



when a dread waterspout had reared aloft



its hungry hugeness, seeming ready-ripe



to burst with hoarsest thunderings, and wipe



my life away like a vast sponge of fate,



350

some friendly monster, pitying my sad state,



has dived to its foundations, gulfed it down,



and left me tossing safely. but the crown



of all my life was utmost quietude:



more did i love to lie in cavern rude,



keeping in wait whole days for neptune’s voice,



and if it came at last, hark, and rejoice!



there blushed no summer eve but i would steer



my skiff along green shelving coasts, to hear



the shepherd’s pipe come clear from aery steep,



360

mingled with ceaseless bleatings of his sheep:



and never was a day of summer shine,



but i beheld its birth upon the brine,



for i would watch all night to see unfold



heaven’s gates, and aethon snort his morning gold



wide o’er the swelling streams: and constantly



at brim of day-tide, on some grassy lea,



my nets would be spread out, and i at rest.



the poor folk of the sea-country i blessed



with daily boon of fish most delicate:



370

they knew not whence this bounty, and elate



would strew sweet flowers on a sterile beach.



‘why was i not contented? wherefore reach



at things which, but for thee, o latmian!



had been my dreary death? fool! i began



to feel distempered longings: to desire



the utmost privilege that ocean’s sire



could grant in benediction – to be free



of all his kingdom. long in misery



i wasted, ere in one extremest fit



380

i plunged for life or death. to interknit



one’s senses with so dense a breathing stuff



might seem a work of pain; so not enough



can i admire how crystal-smooth it felt,



and buoyant round my limbs. at first i dwelt



whole days and days in sheer astonishment,



forgetful utterly of self-intent,



moving but with the mighty ebb and flow.



then, like a new-fledged bird that first doth show



his spreaded feathers to the morrow chill,



390

i tried in fear the pinions of my will.



’twas freedom! and at once i visited



the ceaseless wonders of this ocean-bed.



no need to tell thee of them, for i see



that thou hast been a witness – it must be –



for these i know thou canst not feel a drouth,



by the melancholy corners of that mouth.



so i will in my story straightway pass



to more immediate matter. woe, alas!



that love should be my bane! ah, scylla fair!



400

why did poor glaucus ever, ever dare



to sue thee to his heart? kind stranger-youth!



i loved her to the very white of truth,



and she would not conceive it. timid thing!



she fled me swift as sea-bird on the wing,



round every isle, and point, and promontory,



from where large hercules wound up his story



far as egyptian nile. my passion grew



the more, the more i saw her dainty hue



gleam delicately through the azure clear,



410

until ’twas too fierce agony to bear;



and in that agony, across my grief



it flashed, that circe might find some relief –



cruel enchantress! so above the water



i reared my head, and looked for phoebus’ daughter.



aeaea’s isle was wondering at the moon: –



it seemed to whirl around me, and a swoon



left me dead-drifting to that fatal power.



‘when i awoke, ’twas in a twilight bower;



just when the light of morn, with hum of bees,



420

stole through its verdurous matting of fresh trees.



how sweet, and sweeter! for i heard a lyre,



and over it a sighing voice expire.



it ceased – i caught light footsteps; and anon



the fairest face that morn e’er looked upon



pushed through a screen of roses. starry jove!



with tears, and smiles, and honey-words she wove



a net whose thraldom was more bliss than all



the range of flowered elysium. thus did fall



the dew of her rich speech: “ah! art awake?



430

o let me hear thee speak, for cupid’s sake!



i am so oppressed with joy! why, i have shed



an urn of tears, as though thou wert cold-dead.



and now i find thee living, i will pour



from these devoted eyes their silver store,



until exhausted of the latest drop,



so it will pleasure thee, and force thee stop



here, that i too may live: but if beyond



such cool and sorrowful offerings, thou art fond



of soothing warmth, of dalliance supreme;



440

if thou art ripe to taste a long love-dream;



if smiles, if dimples, tongues for ardour mute,



hang in thy vision like a tempting fruit,



o let me pluck it for thee.” thus she linked



her charming syllables, till indistinct



their music came to my o’er-sweetened soul;



and then she hovered over me, and stole



so near, that if no nearer it had been



this furrowed visage thou hadst never seen.



‘young man of latmos! thus particular



450

am i, that thou mayst plainly see how far



this fierce temptation went: and thou mayst not



exclaim, “how then, was scylla quite forgot?”



‘who could resist? who in this universe?



she did so breathe ambrosia; so immerse



my fine existence in a golden clime.



she took me like a child of suckling time,



and cradled me in roses. thus condemned,



the current of my former life was stemmed,



and to this arbitrary queen of sense



460

i bowed a tranced vassal: nor would thence



have moved, even though amphion’s harp had wooed



me back to scylla o’er the billows rude.



for as apollo each eve doth devise



a new apparelling for western skies,



so every eve, nay, every spendthrift hour,



shed balmy consciousness within that bower.



and i was free of haunts umbrageous;



could wander in the mazy forest-house



of squirrels, foxes shy, and antlered deer,



470

and birds from coverts innermost and drear



warbling for very joy mellifluous sorrow –



to me new born delights!



‘now let me borrow,



for moments few, a temperament as stern



as pluto’s sceptre, that my words not burn



these uttering lips, while i in calm speech tell



how specious heaven was changed to real hell.



‘one morn she left me sleeping: half awake



i sought for her smooth arms and lips, to slake



my greedy thirst with nectarous camel-draughts;



480

but she was gone. whereat the barbed shafts



of disappointment stuck in me so sore,



that out i ran and searched the forest o’er.



wandering about in pine and cedar gloom



damp awe assailed me; for there ’gan to boom



a sound of moan, an agony of sound,



sepulchral from the distance all around.



then came a conquering earth-thunder, and rumbled



that fierce complain to silence, while i stumbled



down a precipitous path, as if impelled.



490

i came to a dark valley. – groanings swelled



poisonous about my ears, and louder grew,



the nearer i approached a flame’s gaunt blue,



that glared before me through a thorny brake.



this fire, like the eye of gordian snake,



bewitched me towards, and i soon was near



a sight too fearful for the feel of fear:



in thicket hid i cursed the haggard scene –



the banquet of my arms, my arbour queen,



seated upon an up-torn forest root;



500

and all around her shapes, wizard and brute,



laughing, and wailing, grovelling, serpenting,



showing tooth, tusk, and venom-bag, and sting!



o such deformities! old charon’s self,



should he give up awhile his penny pelf,



and take a dream ’mong rushes stygian,



it could not be so phantasied. fierce, wan,



and tyrannizing was the lady’s look,



as over them a gnarled staff she shook.



oft-times upon the sudden she laughed out,



510

and from a basket emptied to the rout



clusters of grapes, the which they ravened quick



and roared for more; with many a hungry lick



about their shaggy jaws. avenging, slow,



anon she took a branch of mistletoe,



and emptied on’t a black dull-gurgling phial –



groaned one and all, as if some piercing trial



was sharpening for their pitiable bones.



she lifted up the charm: appealing groans



from their poor breasts went sueing to her ear



520

in vain; remorseless as an infant’s bier



she whisked against their eyes the sooty oil.



whereat was heard a noise of painful toil,



increasing gradual to a tempest rage,



shrieks, yells, and groans of torture-pilgrimage;



until their grieved bodies ’gan to bloat



and puff from the tail’s end to stifled throat.



then was appalling silence: then a sight



more wildering than all that hoarse affright;



for the whole herd, as by a whirlwind writhen,



530

went through the dismal air like one huge python



antagonizing boreas – and so vanished.



yet there was not a breath of wind: she banished



these phantoms with a nod. lo! from the dark



came waggish fauns, and nymphs, and satyrs stark,



with dancing and loud revelry – and went



swifter than centaurs after rapine bent.



sighing an elephant appeared and bowed



before the fierce witch, speaking thus aloud



in human accent: “potent goddess! chief



540

of pains resistless! make my being brief,



or let me from this heavy prison fly –



or give me to the air, or let me die!



i sue not for my happy crown again;



i sue not for my phalanx on the plain;



i sue not for my lone, my widowed wife;



i sue not for my ruddy drops of life,



my children fair, my lovely girls and boys!



i will forget them; i will pass these joys;



ask naught so heavenward, so too, too high:



550

only i pray, as fairest boon, to die,



or be delivered from this cumbrous flesh,



from this gross, detestable, filthy mesh,



and merely given to the cold bleak air.



have mercy, goddess! circe, feel my prayer!”



‘that cursed magician’s name fell icy numb



upon my wild conjecturing: truth had come



naked and sabre-like against my heart.



i saw a fury whetting a death-dart;



and my slain spirit, overwrought with fright,



560

fainted away in that dark lair of night.



think, my deliverer, how desolate



my waking must have been! disgust, and hate,



and terrors manifold divided me



a spoil amongst them. i prepared to flee



into the dungeon core of that wild wood:



i fled three days – when lo! before me stood



glaring the angry witch. o dis! even now,



a clammy dew is beading on my brow,



at mere remembering her pale laugh, and curse.



570

“ha! ha! sir dainty! there must be a nurse



made of rose leaves and thistledown, express,



to cradle thee my sweet, and lull thee – yes,



i am too flinty-hard for thy nice touch:



my tenderest squeeze is but a giant’s clutch.



so, fairy-thing, it shall have lullabies



unheard of yet: and it shall still its cries



upon some breast more lily-feminine.



oh, no – it shall not pine, and pine, and pine



more than one pretty, trifling thousand years;



580

and then ’twere pity, but fate’s gentle shears



cut short its immortality. sea-flirt!



young dove of the waters! truly i’ll not hurt



one hair of thine: see how i weep and sigh,



that our heart-broken parting is so nigh.



and must we part? ah, yes, it must be so.



yet ere thou leavest me in utter woe,



let me sob over thee my last adieus,



and speak a blessing. mark me! thou hast thews



immortal, for thou art of heavenly race:



590

but such a love is mine, that here i chase



eternally away from thee all bloom



of youth, and destine thee towards a tomb.



hence shalt thou quickly to the watery vast;



and there, ere many days be overpassed,



disabled age shall seize thee; and even then



thou shalt not go the way of aged men;



but live and wither, cripple and still breathe



ten hundred years – which gone, i then bequeath



thy fragile bones to unknown burial.



600

adieu, sweet love, adieu!” – as shot stars fall,



she fled ere i could groan for mercy. stung



and poisoned was my spirit; despair sung



a war-song of defiance ’gainst all hell.



a hand was at my shoulder to compel



my sullen steps; another ’fore my eyes



moved on with pointed finger. in this guise



enforced, at the last by ocean’s foam



i found me – by my fresh, my native home.



its tempering coolness, to my life akin,



610

came salutary as i waded in;



and, with a blind voluptuous rage, i gave



battle to the swollen billow-ridge, and drave



large froth before me, while there yet remained



hale strength, nor from my bones all marrow drained.



‘young lover, i must weep – such hellish spite



with dry cheek who can tell? while thus my might



proving upon this element, dismayed,



upon a dead thing’s face my hand i laid.



i looked – ’twas scylla! cursed, cursed circe!



620

o vulture-witch, hast never heard of mercy?



could not thy harshest vengeance be content,



but thou must nip this tender innocent



because i loved her? – cold, o cold indeed



were her fair limbs, and like a common weed



the sea-swell took her hair. dead as she was



i clung about her waist, nor ceased to pass



fleet as an arrow through unfathomed brine,



until there shone a fabric crystalline,



ribbed and inlaid with coral, pebble, and pearl.



630

headlong i darted; at one eager swirl



gained its bright portal, entered, and behold!



’twas vast, and desolate, and icy-cold;



and all around – but wherefore this to thee



who in few minutes more thyself shalt see? –



i left poor scylla in a niche and fled.



my fevered parchings up, my scathing dread



met palsy half-way: soon these limbs became



gaunt, withered, sapless, feeble, cramped, and lame.



‘now let me pass a cruel, cruel space,



640

without one hope, without one faintest trace



of mitigation, or redeeming bubble



of coloured phantasy – for i fear ’twould trouble



thy brain to loss of reason – and next tell



how a restoring chance came down to quell



one half of the witch in me.



‘on a day,



sitting upon a rock above the spray,



i saw grow up from the horizon’s brink



a gallant vessel: soon she seemed to sink



away from me again, as though her course



650

had been resumed in spite of hindering force –



so vanished; and not long, before arose



dark clouds, and muttering of winds morose.



old aeolus would stifle his mad spleen,



but could not: therefore all the billows green



tossed up the silver spume against the clouds.



the tempest came: i saw that vessel’s shrouds



in perilous bustle; while upon the deck



stood trembling creatures. i beheld the wreck;



the final gulfing; the poor struggling souls:



660

i heard their cries amid loud thunder-rolls.



o they had all been saved but crazed eld



annulled my vigorous cravings: and thus quelled



and curbed, think on’t, o latmian! did i sit



writhing with pity, and a cursing fit



against that hell-born circe. the crew had gone,



by one and one, to pale oblivion;



and i was gazing on the surges prone,



with many a scalding tear and many a groan,



when at my feet emerged an old man’s hand,



670

grasping this scroll, and this same slender wand.



i knelt with pain – reached out my hand – had grasped



these treasures – touched the knuckles – they unclasped –



i caught a finger: but the downward weight



o’erpowered me – it sank. then ’gan abate



the storm, and through chill aguish gloom outburst



the comfortable sun. i was athirst



to search the book, and in the warming air



parted its dripping leaves with eager care.



strange matters did it treat of, and drew on



680

my soul page after page, till well-nigh won



into forgetfulness – when, stupefied,



i read these words, and read again, and tried



my eyes against the heavens, and read again.



o what a load of misery and pain



each atlas-line bore off! – a shine of hope



came gold around me, cheering me to cope



strenuous with hellish tyranny. attend!



for thou hast brought their promise to an end.



“in the wide sea there lives a forlorn wretch,



690

doomed with enfeebled carcase to outstretch



his loathed existence through ten centuries,



and then to die alone. who can devise



a total opposition? no one. so



one million times ocean must ebb and flow,



and he oppressed. yet he shall not die,



these things accomplished. if he utterly



scans all the depths of magic, and expounds



the meanings of all motions, shapes and sounds;



if he explores all forms and substances



700

straight homeward to their symbol-essences;



he shall not die. moreover, and in chief,



he must pursue this task of joy and grief



most piously – all lovers tempest-tossed,



and in the savage overwhelming lost,



he shall deposit side by side, until



time’s creeping shall the dreary space fulfil:



which done, and all these labours ripened,



a youth, by heavenly power loved and led,



shall stand before him, whom he shall direct



710

how to consummate all. the youth elect



must do the thing, or both will be destroyed.” ’



‘then,’ cried the young endymion, overjoyed,



‘we are twin brothers in this destiny!



say, i entreat thee, what achievement high



is, in this restless world, for me reserved?



what! if from thee my wandering feet had swerved,



had we both perish’d? ’ – ‘look!’ the sage replied,



‘dost thou not mark a gleaming through the tide,



of diverse brilliances? ’tis the edifice



720

i told thee of, where lovely scylla lies;



and where i have enshrined piously



all lovers, whom fell storms have doomed to die



throughout my bondage.’ thus discoursing, on



they went till unobscured the porches shone;



which hurryingly they gained, and entered straight.



sure never since king neptune held his state



was seen such wonder underneath the stars.



turn to some level plain where haughty mars



has legioned all his battle; and behold



730

how every soldier, with firm foot, doth hold



his even breast. see, many steeled squares,



and rigid ranks of iron – whence who dares



one step? imagine further, line by line,



these warrior thousands on the field supine –



so in that crystal place, in silent rows,



poor lovers lay at rest from joys and woes.



the stranger from the mountains, breathless, traced



such thousands of shut eyes in order placed;



such ranges of white feet, and patient lips



740

all ruddy – for here death no blossom nips.



he marked their brows and foreheads; saw their hair



put sleekly on one side with nicest care;



and each one’s gentle wrists, with reverence,



put cross-wise to its heart.



‘let us commence,’



whispered the guide, stuttering with joy, ‘even now.’



he spake, and, trembling like an aspen-bough,



began to tear his scroll in pieces small,



uttering the while some mumblings funeral.



he tore it into pieces small as snow



750

that drifts unfeathered when bleak northerns blow;



and having done it, took his dark blue cloak



and bound it round endymion: then stroke



his wand against the empty air times nine.



‘what more there is to do, young man, is thine:



but first a little patience. first undo



this tangled thread, and wind it to a clue.



ah, gentle! ’tis as weak as spider’s skein;



and shouldst thou break it – what, is it done so clean?



a power overshadows thee! o, brave!



760

the spite of hell is tumbling to its grave.



here is a shell; ’tis pearly blank to me,



nor marked with any sign or charactery –



canst thou read aught? o read for pity’s sake!



olympus! we are safe! now, carian, break



this wand against yon lyre on the pedestal.’



’twas done: and straight with sudden swell and fall



sweet music breathed her soul away, and sighed



a lullaby to silence. ‘youth! now strew



these minced leaves on me, and passing through



770

those files of dead, scatter the same around,



and thou wilt see the issue.’



‘mid the sound



of flutes and viols, ravishing his heart,



endymion from glaucus stood apart,



and scattered in his face some fragments light.



how lightning-swift the change! a youthful wight



smiling beneath a coral diadem,



out-sparkling sudden like an upturned gem,



appeared, and, stepping to a beauteous corse,



kneeled down beside it, and with tenderest force



780

pressed its cold hand, and wept – and scylla sighed!



endymion, with quick hand, the charm applied –



the nymph arose. he left them to their joy,



and onward went upon his high employ,



showering those powerful fragments on the dead.



and, as he passed, each lifted up its head,



as doth a flower at apollo’s touch.



death felt it to his inwards – ’twas too much:



death fell a-weeping in his charnel-house.



the latmian persevered along, and thus



790

all were re-animated. there arose



a noise of harmony, pulses and throes



of gladness in the air – while many, who



had died in mutual arms devout and true,



sprang to each other madly; and the rest



felt a high certainty of being blessed.



they gazed upon endymion. enchantment



grew drunken, and would have its head and bent.



delicious symphonies, like airy flowers,



budded, and swelled, and, full-blown, shed full showers



800

of light, soft, unseen leaves of sounds divine.



the two deliverers tasted a pure wine



of happiness, from fairy-press oozed out.



speechless they eyed each other, and about



the fair assembly wandered to and fro,



distracted with the richest overflow



of joy that ever poured from heaven.



– ‘away!’



shouted the new born god; ‘follow, and pay



our piety to neptunus supreme!’ –



then scylla, blushing sweetly from her dream,



810

they led on first, bent to her meek surprise,



through portal columns of a giant size,



into the vaulted, boundless emerald.



joyous all followed as the leader called,



down marble steps, pouring as easily



as hour-glass sand – and fast, as you might see



swallows obeying the south summer’s call,



or swans upon a gentle waterfall.



thus went that beautiful multitude, nor far,



ere from among some rocks of glittering spar,



820

just within ken, they saw descending thick



another multitude. whereat more quick



moved either host. on a wide sand they met,



and of those numbers every eye was wet,



for each their old love found. a murmuring rose,



like what was never heard in all the throes



of wind and waters – ’tis past human wit



to tell; ’tis dizziness to think of it.



this mighty consummation made, the host



moved on for many a league; and gained, and lost



830

huge sea-marks, vanward swelling in array,



and from the rear diminishing away –



till a faint dawn surprised them. glaucus cried,



‘behold! behold, the palace of his pride!



god neptune’s palaces!’ with noise increased,



they shouldered on towards that brightening east.



at every onward step proud domes arose



in prospect – diamond gleams, and golden glows



of amber ’gainst their faces levelling.



joyous, and many as the leaves in spring,



840

still onward, still the splendour gradual swelled.



rich opal domes were seen, on high upheld



by jasper pillars, letting through their shafts



a blush of coral. copious wonder-draughts



each gazer drank; and deeper drank more near.



for what poor mortals fragment up as mere



as marble, was there lavish, to the vast



of one fair palace, that far far surpassed,



even for common bulk, those olden three,



memphis, and babylon, and nineveh.



850

as large, as bright, as coloured as the bow



of iris, when unfading it doth show



beyond a silvery shower, was the arch



through which this paphian army took its march,



into the outer courts of neptune’s state,



whence could be seen, direct, a golden gate,



to which the leaders sped; but not half-raught



ere it burst open swift as fairy thought,



and made those dazzled thousands veil their eyes



like callow eagles at the first sunrise.



860

soon with an eagle nativeness their gaze



ripe from hue-golden swoons took all the blaze,



and then, behold! large neptune on his throne



of emerald deep – yet not exalt alone;



at his right hand stood winged love, and on



his left sat smiling beauty’s paragon.



far as the mariner on highest mast



can see all round upon the calmed vast,



so wide was neptune’s hall: and as the blue



doth vault the waters, so the waters drew



870

their doming curtains, high, magnificent,



awed from the throne aloof. and when storm-rent



disclosed the thunder-gloomings in jove’s air



(but soothed as now), flashed sudden everywhere,



noiseless, sub-marine cloudlets, glittering



death to a human eye: for there did spring



from natural west, and east, and south, and north,



a light as of four sunsets, blazing forth



a gold-green zenith ’bove the sea-god’s head.



of lucid depth the floor, and far outspread



880

as breezeless lake, on which the slim canoe



of feathered indian darts about, as through



the delicatest air – air verily,



but for the portraiture of clouds and sky:



this palace floor breath-air, but for the amaze



of deep-seen wonders motionless and blaze



of the dome pomp, reflected in extremes,



globing a golden sphere.



they stood in dreams



till triton blew his horn. the palace rang;



the nereids danced; the sirens faintly sang;



890

and the great sea-king bowed his dripping head.



then love took wing, and from his pinions shed



on all the multitude a nectarous dew.



the ooze-born goddess beckoned and drew



fair scylla and her guides to conference;



and when they reached the throned eminence



she kissed the sea-nymph’s cheek – who sat her down



a-toying with the doves. then – ‘mighty crown



and sceptre of this kingdom!’ venus said,



‘thy vows were on a time to naïs paid –



900

behold!’ – two copious tear-drops instant fell



from the god’s large eyes; he smiled delectable,



and over glaucus held his blessing hands.



‘endymion! ah! still wandering in the bands



of love? now this is cruel. since the hour



i met thee in earth’s bosom, all my power



have i put forth to serve thee. what, not yet



escaped from dull mortality’s harsh net?



a little patience, youth! ’twill not be long,



or i am skilless quite. an idle tongue,



910

a humid eye, and steps luxurious,



where these are new and strange, are ominous.



ay, i have seen these signs in one of heaven,



when others were all blind: and were i given



to utter secrets, haply i might say



some pleasant words – but love will have his day.



so wait awhile expectant. prithee soon,



e’en in the passing of thine honeymoon,



visit thou my cythera: thou wilt find



cupid well-natured, my adonis kind.



920

and pray persuade with thee – ah, i have done,



all blisses be upon thee, my sweet son!’ –



thus the fair goddess, while endymion



knelt to receive those accents halcyon.



meantime a glorious revelry began



before the water-monarch. nectar ran



in courteous fountains to all cups outreached;



and plundered vines, teeming exhaustless, pleached



new growth about each shell and pendent lyre;



the which, in disentangling for their fire,



930

pulled down fresh foliage and coverture



for dainty toying. cupid, empire-sure,



fluttered and laughed, and oft-times through the throng



made a delighted way. then dance, and song,



and garlanding grew wild; and pleasure reigned.



in harmless tendril they each other chained,



and strove who should be smothered deepest in



fresh crush of leaves.



o ’tis a very sin



for one so weak to venture his poor verse



in such a place as this. o do not curse,



940

high muses! let him hurry to the ending.



all suddenly were silent. a soft blending



of dulcet instruments came charmingly;



and then a hymn.



‘king of the stormy sea!



brother of jove, and co-inheritor



of elements! eternally before



thee the waves awful bow. fast, stubborn rock,



at thy feared trident shrinking, doth unlock



its deep foundations, hissing into foam.



all mountain-rivers, lost in the wide home



950

of thy capacious bosom, ever flow.



thou frownest, and old aeolus thy foe



skulks to his cavern, ’mid the gruff complaint



of all his rebel tempests. dark clouds faint



when, from thy diadem, a silver gleam



slants over blue dominion. thy bright team



gulfs in the morning light, and scuds along



to bring thee nearer to that golden song



apollo singeth, while his chariot



waits at the doors of heaven. thou art not



960

for scenes like this: an empire stern hast thou,



and it hath furrowed that large front. yet now,



as newly come of heaven, dost thou sit



to blend and interknit



subdued majesty with this glad time.



o shell-borne king sublime!



we lay our hearts before thee evermore –



we sing, and we adore!



‘breathe softly, flutes;



be tender of your strings, ye soothing lutes;



970

nor be the trumpet heard! o vain, o vain –



not flowers budding in an april rain,



nor breath of sleeping dove, nor river’s flow –



no, nor the aeolian twang of love’s own bow,



can mingle music fit for the soft ear



of goddess cytherea!



yet deign, white queen of beauty, thy fair eyes



on our souls’ sacrifice.



‘bright-winged child!



who has another care when thou hast smiled?



980

unfortunates on earth, we see at last



all death-shadows, and glooms that overcast



our spirits, fanned away by thy light pinions.



o sweetest essence! sweetest of all minions!



god of warm pulses, and dishevelled hair,



and panting bosoms bare!



dear unseen light in darkness! eclipser



of light in light! delicious poisoner!



thy venomed goblet will we quaff until



we fill – we fill!



990

and by thy mother’s lips –’



was heard no more



for clamour, when the golden palace door



opened again, and from without, in shone



a new magnificence. on oozy throne



smooth-moving came oceanus the old,



to take a latest glimpse at his sheep-fold,



before he went into his quiet cave



to muse for ever. then a lucid wave,



scooped from its trembling sisters of mid-sea,



afloat, and pillowing up the majesty



1000

of doris, and the aegean seer, her spouse –



next, on a dolphin, clad in laurel boughs,



theban amphion leaning on his lute:



his fingers went across it – all were mute



to gaze on amphitrite, queen of pearls,



and thetis pearly too.



the palace whirls



around giddy endymion, seeing he



was there far strayed from mortality.



he could not bear it – shut his eyes in vain;



imagination gave a dizzier pain.



1010

‘o i shall die! sweet venus, be my stay!



where is my lovely mistress? well-away!



i die – i hear her voice – i feel my wing –’



at neptune’s feet he sank. a sudden ring



of nereids were about him, in kind strife



to usher back his spirit into life:



but still he slept. at last they interwove



their cradling arms, and purposed to convey



towards a crystal bower far away.



lo! while slow carried through the pitying crowd,



1020

to his inward senses these words spake aloud;



written in star-light on the dark above:



‘dearest endymion! my entire love!



how have i dwelt in fear of fate! ’tis done –



immortal bliss for me too hast thou won.



arise then! for the hen-dove shall not hatch



her ready eggs, before i’ll kissing snatch



thee into endless heaven. awake! awake!’



the youth at once arose: a placid lake



came quiet to his eyes; and forest green,



1030

cooler than all the wonders he had seen,



lulled with its simple song his fluttering breast.



how happy once again in grassy nest!





book iv



muse of my native land! loftiest muse!



o first-born on the mountains! by the hues



of heaven on the spiritual air begot!



long didst thou sit alone in northern grot,



while yet our england was a wolfish den;



before our forests heard the talk of men;



before the first of druids was a child,



long didst thou sit amid our regions wild



rapt in a deep prophetic solitude.



10

there came an eastern voice of solemn mood –



yet wast thou patient. then sang forth the nine,



apollo’s garland – yet didst thou divine



such home-bred glory, that they cried in vain,



‘come hither, sister of the island!’ plain



spake fair ausonia; and once more she spake



a higher summons – still didst thou betake



thee to thy native hopes. o thou hast won



a full accomplishment! the thing is done,



which undone, these our latter days had risen



20

on barren souls. great muse, thou know’st what prison,



of flesh and bone, curbs, and confines, and frets



our spirit’s wings. despondency besets



our pillows, and the fresh tomorrow morn



seems to give forth its light in very scorn



of our dull, uninspired, snail-paced lives.



long have i said, how happy he who shrives



to thee! but then i thought on poets gone,



and could not pray – nor could i now – so on



i move to the end in lowliness of heart.



30

‘ah, woe is me! that i should fondly part



from my dear native land! ah, foolish maid!



glad was the hour, when, with thee, myriads bade



adieu to ganges and their pleasant fields!



to one so friendless the clear freshet yields



a bitter coolness; the ripe grape is sour:



yet i would have, great gods! but one short hour



of native air – let me but die at home.’



endymion to heaven’s airy dome



was offering up a hecatomb of vows,



40

when these words reached him. whereupon he bows



his head through thorny-green entanglement



of underwood, and to the sound is bent,



anxious as hind towards her hidden fawn.



‘is no one near to help me? no fair dawn



of life from charitable voice? no sweet saying



to set my dull and saddened spirit playing?



no hand to toy with mine? no lips so sweet



that i may worship them? no eyelids meet



to twinkle on my bosom? no one dies



50

before me, till from these enslaving eyes



redemption sparkles! – i am sad and lost.’



thou, carian lord, hadst better have been tossed



into a whirlpool. vanish into air,



warm mountaineer! for canst thou only bear



a woman’s sigh alone and in distress?



see not her charms! is phoebe passionless?



phoebe is fairer far – o gaze no more. –



yet if thou wilt behold all beauty’s store,



behold her panting in the forest grass!



60

do not those curls of glossy jet surpass



for tenderness the arms so idly lain



amongst them? feelest not a kindred pain,



to see such lovely eyes in swimming search



after some warm delight, that seems to perch



dovelike in the dim cell lying beyond



their upper lids? – hist!



‘o for hermes’ wand,



to touch this flower into human shape!



that woodland hyacinthus could escape



from his green prison, and here kneeling down



70

call me his queen, his second life’s fair crown!



ah me, how i could love! – my soul doth melt



for the unhappy youth – love! i have felt



so faint a kindness, such a meek surrender



to what my own full thoughts had made too tender,



that but for tears my life had fled away! –



ye deaf and senseless minutes of the day,



and thou, old forest, hold ye this for true,



there is no lightning, no authentic dew



but in the eye of love: there’s not a sound,



80

melodious howsoever, can confound



the heavens and earth in one to such a death



as doth the voice of love: there’s not a breath



will mingle kindly with the meadow air,



till it has panted round, and stolen a share



of passion from the heart!’



upon a bough



he leant, wretched. he surely cannot now



thirst for another love. o impious,



that he can even dream upon it thus! –



thought he, ‘why am i not as are the dead,



90

since to a woe like this i have been led



through the dark earth, and through the wondrous sea?



goddess! i love thee not the less! from thee



by juno’s smile i turn not – no, no, no –



while the great waters are at ebb and flow.



i have a triple soul! o fond pretence –



for both, for both my love is so immense,



i feel my heart is cut for them in twain.’



and so he groaned, as one by beauty slain.



the lady’s heart beat quick, and he could see



100

her gentle bosom heave tumultuously.



he sprang from his green covert: there she lay,



sweet as a musk-rose upon new-made hay;



with all her limbs on tremble, and her eyes



shut softly up alive. to speak he tries.



‘fair damsel, pity me! forgive that i



thus violate thy bower’s sanctity!



o pardon me, for i am full of grief –



grief born of thee, young angel! fairest thief!



who stolen hast away the wings wherewith



110

i was to top the heavens. dear maid, sith



thou art my executioner, and i feel



loving and hatred, misery and weal,



will in a few short hours be nothing to me,



and all my story that much passion slew me,



do smile upon the evening of my days.



and, for my tortured brain begins to craze,



be thou my nurse; and let me understand



how dying i shall kiss that lily hand.



dost weep for me? then should i be content.



120

scowl on, ye fates! until the firmament



out-blackens erebus, and the full-caverned earth



crumbles into itself. by the cloud girth



of jove, those tears have given me a thirst



to meet oblivion.’ – as her heart would burst



the maiden sobbed awhile, and then replied:



‘why must such desolation betide



as that thou speak’st of? are not these green nooks



empty of all misfortune? do the brooks



utter a gorgon voice? does yonder thrush,



130

schooling its half-fledged little ones to brush



about the dewy forest, whisper tales? –



speak not of grief, young stranger, or cold snails



will slime the rose tonight. though if thou wilt,



methinks ‘twould be a guilt – a very guilt –



not to companion thee, and sigh away



the light – the dusk – the dark – till break of day!’



‘dear lady,’ said endymion, ‘ ’tis past.



i love thee! and my days can never last.



that i may pass in patience still speak:



140

let me have music dying, and i seek



no more delight – i bid adieu to all.



didst thou not after other climates call,



and murmur about indian streams?’ – then she,



sitting beneath the midmost forest tree,



for pity sang this roundelay:



‘o sorrow,



why dost borrow



the natural hue of health, from vermeil lips? –



to give maiden blushes



150

to the white rose bushes?



or is’t thy dewy hand the daisy tips?



‘o sorrow



why dost borrow



the lustrous passion from a falcon-eye? –



to give the glow-worm light?



or, on a moonless night,



to tinge, on syren shores, the salt sea-spry?



‘o sorrow,



why dost borrow



160

the mellow ditties from a mourning tongue? –



to give at evening pale



unto the nightingale,



that thou mayst listen the cold dews among?



‘o sorrow,



why dost borrow



heart’s lightness from the merriment of may? –



a lover would not tread



a cowslip on the head,



though he should dance from eve till peep of day –



170

nor any drooping flower



held sacred for thy bower,



wherever he may sport himself and play.



‘to sorrow,



i bade good-morrow,



and thought to leave her far away behind.



but cheerly, cheerly,



she loves me dearly;



she is so constant to me, and so kind:



i would deceive her



180

and so leave her,



but ah! she is so constant and so kind.



‘beneath my palm trees, by the river side,



i sat a-weeping: in the whole world wide



there was no one to ask me why i wept –



and so i kept



brimming the water-lily cups with tears



cold as my fears.



‘beneath my palm trees, by the river side,



i sat a-weeping: what enamoured bride,



190

cheated by shadowy wooer from the clouds,



but hides and shrouds



beneath dark palm trees by a river-side?



‘and as i sat, over the light blue hills



there came a noise of revellers: the rills



into the wide stream came of purple hue –



’twas bacchus and his crew!



the earnest trumpet spake, and silver thrills



from kissing cymbals made a merry din –



’twas bacchus and his kin!



200

like to a moving vintage down they came,



crowned with green leaves, and faces all on flame –



all madly dancing through the pleasant valley,



to scare thee, melancholy!



o then, o then, thou wast a simple name!



and i forgot thee, as the berried holly



by shepherds is forgotten, when, in june,



tall chestnuts keep away the sun and moon –



i rushed into the folly!



‘within his car, aloft, young bacchus stood,



210

trifling his ivy-dart, in dancing mood,



with sidelong laughing;



and little rills of crimson wine imbrued



his plump white arms, and shoulders, enough white



for venus’ pearly bite;



and near him rode silenus on his ass,



pelted with flowers as he on did pass



tipsily quaffing.



‘whence came ye, merry damsels! whence came ye!



so many, and so many, and such glee?



220

why have ye left your bowers desolate,



your lutes and gentler fate? –



“we follow bacchus! bacchus on the wing,



a-conquering!



bacchus, young bacchus! good or ill betide,



we dance before him thorough kingdoms wide –



come hither, lady fair, and joined be



to our wild minstrelsy!”



‘whence came ye, jolly satyrs! whence came ye!



so many, and so many, and such glee?



230

why have ye left your forest haunts, why left



your nuts in oak-tree cleft? –



“for wine, for wine we left our kernel tree;



for wine we left our heath, and yellow brooms,



and cold mushrooms;



for wine we follow bacchus through the earth –



great god of breathless cups and chirping mirth!



come hither, lady fair, and joined be



to our mad minstrelsy!”



‘over wide streams and mountains great we went,



240

and, save when bacchus kept his ivy tent,



onward the tiger and the leopard pants,



with asian elephants:



onward these myriads – with song and dance,



with zebras striped, and sleek arabians’ prance,



web-footed alligators, crocodiles,



bearing upon their scaly backs, in files,



plump infant laughers mimicking the coil



of seamen, and stout galley-rowers’ toil –



with toying oars and silken sails they glide,



250

	nor care for wind and tide.



‘mounted on panthers’ furs and lions’ manes,



from rear to van they scour about the plains;



a three days’ journey in a moment done:



and always, at the rising of the sun,



about the wilds they hunt with spear and horn,



on spleenful unicorn.



‘i saw osirian egypt kneel adown



before the vine-wreath crown!



i saw parched abyssinia rouse and sing



260

to the silver cymbals’ ring!



i saw the whelming vintage hotly pierce



old tartary the fierce!



the kings of ind their jewel-sceptres vail,



and from their treasures scatter pearled hail.



great brahma from his mystic heaven groans,



and all his priesthood moans;



before young bacchus’ eye-wink turning pale. –



into these regions came i following him,



sick hearted, weary – so i took a whim



270

to stray away into these forests drear



alone, without a peer:



and i have told thee all thou mayest hear.



‘young stranger!



i’ve been a ranger



in search of pleasure throughout every clime:



alas, ’tis not for me!



bewitched i sure must be,



to lose in grieving all my maiden prime.



‘come then, sorrow!



280

sweetest sorrow!



like an own babe i nurse thee on my breast:



i thought to leave thee



and deceive thee,



but now of all the world i love thee best.



‘there is not one,



no, no, not one



but thee to comfort a poor lonely maid:



thou art her mother,



and her brother,



290

her playmate, and her wooer in the shade.



o what a sigh she gave in finishing,



and look, quite dead to every worldly thing!



endymion could not speak, but gazed on her;



and listened to the wind that now did stir



about the crisped oaks full drearily,



yet with as sweet a softness as might be



remembered from its velvet summer song.



at last he said: ‘poor lady, how thus long



have i been able to endure that voice?



300

fair melody! kind siren! i’ve no choice –



i must be thy sad servant evermore:



i cannot choose but kneel here and adore.



alas, i must not think – by phoebe, no!



let me not think, soft angel! shall it be so?



say, beautifullest, shall i never think?



o thou couldst foster me beyond the brink



of recollection! make my watchful care



close up its bloodshot eyes, nor see despair!



do gently murder half my soul, and i



310

shall feel the other half so utterly! –



i’m giddy at that cheek so fair and smooth;



o let it blush so ever! let it soothe



my madness! let it mantle rosy-warm



with the tinge of love, panting in safe alarm. –



this cannot be thy hand, and yet it is;



and this is sure thine other softling – this



thine own fair bosom, and i am so near!



wilt fall asleep? o let me sip that tear!



and whisper one sweet word that i may know



320

this is this world – sweet dewy blossom!’ – ‘woe!



woe! woe to that endymion! where is he?’ –



even these words went echoing dismally



through the wide forest – a most fearful tone,



like one repenting in his latest moan;



and while it died away a shade passed by,



as of a thunder-cloud. when arrows fly



through the thick branches, poor ring-doves sleek forth



their timid necks and tremble; so these both



leant to each other trembling, and sat so



330

waiting for some destruction – when lo,



foot-feathered mercury appeared sublime



beyond the tall tree tops; and in less time



than shoots the slanted hail-storm, down he dropped



towards the ground, but rested not, nor stopped



one moment from his home: only the sward



he with his wand light touched, and heavenward



swifter than sight was gone – even before



the teeming earth a sudden witness bore



of his swift magic. diving swans appear



340

above the crystal circlings white and clear;



and catch the cheated eye in wide surprise,



how they can dive in sight and unseen rise –



so from the turf outsprang two steeds jet-black,



each with large dark blue wings upon his back.



the youth of caria placed the lovely dame



on one, and felt himself in spleen to tame



the other’s fierceness. through the air they flew,



high as the eagles. like two drops of dew



exhaled to phoebus’ lips, away they’re gone,



350

far from the earth away – unseen, alone,



among cool clouds and winds, but that the free,



the buoyant life of song can floating be



above their heads, and follow them untired. –



muse of my native land, am i inspired?



this is the giddy air, and i must spread



wide pinions to keep here; nor do i dread



or height, or depth, or width, or any chance



precipitous. i have beneath my glance



those towering horses and their mournful freight.



360

could i thus sail, and see, and thus await



fearless for power of thought, without thine aid?



there is a sleepy dusk, an odorous shade



from some approaching wonder, and behold



those winged steeds, with snorting nostrils bold,



snuff at its faint extreme, and seem to tire,



dying to embers from their native fire!



there curled a purple mist around them; soon,



it seemed as when around the pale new moon



sad zephyr droops the clouds like weeping willow –



370

’twas sleep slow journeying with head on pillow.



for the first time, since he came nigh dead-born



from the old womb of night, his cave forlorn



had he left more forlorn; for the first time,



he felt aloof the day and morning’s prime –



because into his depth cimmerian



there came a dream, showing how a young man,



ere a lean bat could plump its wintry skin,



would at high jove’s empyreal footstool win



an immortality, and how espouse



380

jove’s daughter, and be reckoned of his house.



now was he slumbering towards heaven’s gate,



that he might at the threshold one hour wait



to hear the marriage melodies, and then



sink downward to his dusky cave again.



his litter of smooth semi-lucent mist,



diversely tinged with rose and amethyst,



puzzled those eyes that for the centre sought;



and scarcely for one moment could be caught



his sluggish form reposing motionless.



390

those two on winged steeds, with all the stress



of vision searched for him, as one would look



athwart the sallows of a river nook



to catch a glance at silver-throated eels –



or from old skiddaw’s top, when fog conceals



his rugged forehead in a mantle pale,



with an eye-guess towards some pleasant vale



descry a favourite hamlet faint and far.



these raven horses, though they fostered are



of earth’s splenetic fire, dully drop



400

their full-veined ears, nostrils blood wide, and stop.



upon the spiritless mist have they outspread



their ample feathers, are in slumber dead –



and on those pinions, level in mid-air,



endymion sleepeth and the lady fair.



slowly they sail, slowly as icy isle



upon a calm sea drifting: and meanwhile



the mournful wanderer dreams. behold! he walks



on heaven’s pavement; brotherly he talks



to divine powers; from his hand full fain



410

juno’s proud birds are pecking pearly grain;



he tries the nerve of phoebus’ golden bow,



and asketh where the golden apples grow;



upon his arm he braces pallas’ shield,



and strives in vain to unsettle and wield



a jovian thunderbolt; arch hebe brings



a full-brimmed goblet, dances lightly, sings



and tantalizes long; at last he drinks,



and lost in pleasure at her feet he sinks,



touching with dazzled lips her starlight hand.



420

he blows a bugle – an ethereal band



are visible above: the seasons four –



green-kirtled spring, flush summer, golden store



in autumn’s sickle, winter frosty hoar –



join dance with shadowy hours; while still the blast,



in swells unmitigated, still doth last



to sway their floating morris. ‘whose is this?



whose bugle?’ he inquires. they smile – ‘o dis!



why is this mortal here? dost thou not know



its mistress’ lips? not thou? – ’tis dian’s: lo!



430

she rises crescented!’ he looks, ’tis she,



his very goddess: good-bye earth, and sea,



and air, and pains, and care, and suffering;



good-bye to all but love! then doth he spring



towards her, and awakes – and, strange, o’erhead,



of those same fragrant exhalations bred,



beheld awake his very dream: the gods



stood smiling; merry hebe laughs and nods;



and phoebe bends towards him crescented.



o state perplexing! on the pinion bed,



440

too well awake, he feels the panting side



of his delicious lady. he who died



for soaring too audacious in the sun,



when that same treacherous wax began to run,



felt not more tongue-tied than endymion.



his heart leapt up as to its rightful throne,



to that fair shadowed passion pulsed its way –



ah, what perplexity! ah, welladay!



so fond, so beauteous was his bed-fellow,



he could not help but kiss her: then he grew



450

a while forgetful of all beauty save



young phoebe’s, golden haired; and so ’gan crave



forgiveness: yet he turned once more to look



at the sweet sleeper – all his soul was shook:



she pressed his hand in slumber; so once more



he could not help but kiss her and adore.



at this the shadow wept, melting away.



the latmian started up: ‘bright goddess, stay!



search my most hidden breast! by truth’s own tongue,



i have no daedal heart. why is it wrung



460

to desperation? is there naught for me,



upon the bourne of bliss, but misery?’



these words awoke the stranger of dark tresses:



her dawning love-look rapt endymion blesses



with ’haviour soft. sleep yawned from underneath.



‘thou swan of ganges, let us no more breathe



this murky phantasm! thou contented seem’st



pillowed in lovely idleness, nor dream’st



what horrors may discomfort thee and me.



ah, shouldst thou die from my heart-treachery! –



470

yet did she merely weep – her gentle soul



hath no revenge in it. as it is whole



in tenderness, would i were whole in love!



can i prize thee, fair maid, all price above,



even when i feel as true as innocence?



i do, i do. – what is this soul then? whence



came it? it does not seem my own, and i



have no self-passion or identity.



some fearful end must be: where, where is it?



by nemesis, i see my spirit flit



480

alone about the dark. forgive me, sweet –



shall we away?’ he roused the steeds: they beat



their wings chivàlrous into the clear air,



leaving old sleep within his vapoury lair.



the good-night blush of eve was waning slow,



and vesper, risen star, began to throe



in the dusk heavens silverly, when they



thus sprang direct towards the galaxy.



nor did speed hinder converse soft and strange –



eternal oaths and vows they interchange,



490

in such wise, in such temper, so aloof



up in the winds, beneath a starry roof,



so witless of their doom, that verily



’tis well nigh past man’s search their hearts to see,



whether they wept, or laughed, or grieved, or toyed –



most like with joy gone mad, with sorrow cloyed.



full facing their swift flight, from ebon streak,



the moon put forth a little diamond peak,



no bigger than an unobserved star,



or tiny point of fairy scimitar;



500

bright signal that she only stooped to tie



her silver sandals, ere deliciously



she bowed into the heavens her timid head.



slowly she rose, as though she would have fled,



while to his lady meek the carian turned,



to mark if her dark eyes had yet discerned



this beauty in its birth – despair! despair!



he saw her body fading gaunt and spare



in the cold moonshine. straight he seized her wrist;



it melted from his grasp: her hand he kissed,



510

and, horror! kissed his own – he was alone.



her steed a little higher soared, and then



dropped hawkwise to the earth.



there lies a den,



beyond the seeming confines of the space



made for the soul to wander in and trace



its own existence, of remotest glooms.



dark regions are around it, where the tombs



of buried griefs the spirit sees, but scarce



one hour doth linger weeping, for the pierce



of new-born woe it feels more inly smart:



520

and in these regions many a venomed dart



at random flies; they are the proper home



of every ill: the man is yet to come



who hath not journeyed in this native hell.



but few have ever felt how calm and well



sleep may be had in that deep den of all.



there anguish does not sting; nor pleasure pall:



woe-hurricanes beat ever at the gate,



yet all is still within and desolate.



beset with plainful gusts, within ye hear,



530

no sound so loud as when on curtained bier



the death-watch tick is stifled. enter none



who strive therefore: on the sudden it is won.



just when the sufferer begins to burn,



then it is free to him; and from an urn,



still fed by melting ice, he takes a draught –



young semele such richness never quaffed



in her maternal longing! happy gloom!



dark paradise! where pale becomes the bloom



of health by due; where silence dreariest



540

is most articulate; where hopes infest;



where those eyes are the brightest far that keep



their lids shut longest in a dreamless sleep.



o happy spirit-home! o wondrous soul!



pregnant with such a den to save the whole



in thine own depth. hail, gentle carian!



for, never since thy griefs and woes began,



hast thou felt so content: a grievous feud



hath led thee to this cave of quietude.



ay, his lulled soul was there, although upborne



550

with dangerous speed, and so he did not mourn



because he knew not whither he was going.



so happy was he, not the aerial blowing



of trumpets at clear parley from the east



could rouse from that fine relish, that high feast.



they stung the feathered horse: with fierce alarm



he flapped towards the sound. alas, no charm



could lift endymion’s head, or he had viewed



a skyey masque, a pinioned multitude –



and silvery was its passing: voices sweet



560

warbling the while as if to lull and greet



the wanderer in his path. thus warbled they,



while past the vision went in bright array.



‘who, who from dian’s feast would be away?



for all the golden bowers of the day



are empty left? who, who away would be



from cynthia’s wedding and festivity?



not hesperus – lo! upon his silver wings



he leans away for highest heaven and sings,



snapping his lucid fingers merrily! –



570

ah, zephyrus! art here, and flora too!



ye tender bibbers of the rain and dew,



young playmates of the rose and daffodil,



be careful, ere ye enter in, to fill



your baskets high



with fennel green, and balm, and golden pines,



savory, latter-mint, and columbines,



cool parsley, basil sweet, and sunny thyme –



yea, every flower and leaf of every clime,



all gathered in the dewy morning. hie



580

away! fly, fly! –



crystalline brother of the belt of heaven,



aquarius! to whom king jove has given



two liquid pulse streams ’stead of feathered wings,



two fan-like fountains – thine illuminings



for dian play:



dissolve the frozen purity of air;



let thy white shoulders silvery and bare



show cold through watery pinions; make more bright



the star-queen’s crescent on her marriage night.



590

haste, haste away! –



castor has tamed the planet lion, see!



and of the bear has pollux mastery.



a third is in the race! who is the third



speeding away swift as the eagle bird?



the ramping centaur!



the lion’s mane’s on end – the bear how fierce!



the centaur’s arrow ready seems to pierce



some enemy – far forth his bow is bent



into the blue of heaven. he’ll be shent,



600

	pale unrelenter,



when he shall hear the wedding lutes a-playing! –



andromeda! sweet woman! why delaying



so timidly among the stars? come hither!



join this bright throng, and nimbly follow whither



they all are going.



danae’s son, before jove newly bowed,



has wept for thee, calling to jove aloud.



thee, gentle lady, did he disenthrall:



ye shall for ever live and love, for all



610

thy tears are flowing. –



by daphne’s fright, behold apollo! – ’



more



endymion heard not: down his steed him bore,



prone to the green head of a misty hill.



his first touch of the earth went nigh to kill.



‘alas!’ said he, ‘were i but always borne



through dangerous winds, had but my footsteps worn



a path in hell, for ever would i bless



horrors which nourish an uneasiness



for my own sullen conquering: to him



620

who lives beyond earth’s boundary, grief is dim,



sorrow is but a shadow. now i see



the grass, i feel the solid ground – ah, me!



it is thy voice – divinest! where? – who? who



left thee so quiet on this bed of dew?



behold upon this happy earth we are;



let us aye love each other; let us fare



on forest-fruits, and never, never go



among the abodes of mortals here below,



or be by phantoms duped. o destiny!



630

into a labyrinth now my soul would fly,



but with thy beauty will i deaden it.



where didst thou melt to? by thee will i sit



for ever: let our fate stop here – a kid



i on this spot will offer. pan will bid



us live in peace, in love and peace among



his forest wildernesses. i have clung



to nothing, loved a nothing, nothing seen



or felt but a great dream! o i have been



presumptuous against love, against the sky,



640

against all elements, against the tie



of mortals each to each, against the blooms



of flowers, rush of rivers, and the tombs



of heroes gone! against his proper glory



has my own soul conspired: so my story



will i to children utter, and repent.



there never lived a mortal man, who bent



his appetite beyond his natural sphere,



but starved and died. my sweetest indian, here,



here will i kneel, for thou redeemed hast



650

my life from too thin breathing: gone and past



are cloudy phantasms. caverns lone, farewell!



and air of visions, and the monstrous swell



of visionary seas! no, never more



shall airy voices cheat me to the shore



of tangled wonder, breathless and aghast.



adieu, my daintiest dream! although so vast



my love is still for thee. the hour may come



when we shall meet in pure elysium.



on earth i may not love thee; and therefore



660

doves will i offer up, and sweetest store



all through the teeming year: so thou wilt shine



on me, and on this damsel fair of mine,



and bless our simple lives. my indian bliss!



my river-lily bud! one human kiss!



one sigh of real breath – one gentle squeeze,



warm as a dove’s nest among summer trees,



and warm with dew at ooze from living blood!



whither didst melt? ah, what of that! – all good



we’ll talk about – no more of dreaming. – now,



670

where shall our dwelling be? under the brow



of some steep mossy hill, where ivy dun



would hide us up, although spring leaves were none,



and where dark yew trees, as we rustle through,



will drop their scarlet berry cups of dew?



o thou wouldst joy to live in such a place;



dusk for our loves, yet light enough to grace



those gentle limbs on mossy bed reclined:



for by one step the blue sky shouldst thou find,



and by another, in deep dell below,



680

see, through the trees, a little river go



all in its mid-day gold and glimmering.



honey from out the gnarled hive i’ll bring,



and apples, wan with sweetness, gather thee,



cresses that grow where no man may them see,



and sorrel untorn by the dew-clawed stag:



pipes will i fashion of the syrinx flag,



that thou mayst always know whither i roam,



when it shall please thee in our quiet home



to listen and think of love. still let me speak;



690

still let me dive into the joy i seek –



for yet the past doth prison me. the rill,



thou haply mayst delight in, will i fill



with fairy fishes from the mountain tarn,



and thou shalt feed them from the squirrel’s barn.



its bottom will i strew with amber shells,



and pebbles blue from deep enchanted wells.



its sides i’ll plant with dew-sweet eglantine,



and honeysuckles full of clear bee-wine.



i will entice this crystal rill to trace



700

love’s silver name upon the meadow’s face.



i’ll kneel to vesta, for a flame of fire;



and to god phoebus, for a golden lyre;



to empress dian, for a hunting spear;



to vesper, for a taper silver-clear,



that i may see thy beauty through the night;



to flora, and a nightingale shall light



tame on thy finger; to the river-gods,



and they shall bring thee taper fishing-rods



of gold, and lines of naiads’ long bright tress.



710

heaven shield thee for thine utter loveliness!



thy mossy footstool shall the altar be



‘fore which i’ll bend, bending, dear love, to thee:



those lips shall be my delphos, and shall speak



laws to my footsteps, colour to my cheek,



trembling or steadfastness to this same voice,



and of three sweetest pleasurings the choice:



and that affectionate light, those diamond things,



those eyes, those passions, those supreme pearl springs,



shall be my grief, or twinkle me to pleasure.



720

say, is not bliss within our perfect seizure?



o that i could not doubt!’



the mountaineer



thus strove by fancies vain and crude to clear



his briared path to some tranquillity.



it gave bright gladness to his lady’s eye,



and yet the tears she wept were tears of sorrow;



answering thus, just as the golden morrow



beamed upward from the valleys of the east:



‘o that the flutter of this heart had ceased,



or the sweet name of love had passed away.



730

young feathered tyrant! by a swift decay



wilt thou devote this body to the earth:



and i do think that at my very birth



i lisped thy blooming titles inwardly,



for at the first, first dawn and thought of thee,



with uplift hands i blest the stars of heaven.



art thou not cruel? ever have i striven



to think thee kind, but ah, it will not do!



when yet a child, i heard that kisses drew



favour from thee, and so i kisses gave



740

to the void air, bidding them find out love:



but when i came to feel how far above



all fancy, pride, and fickle maidenhood,



all earthly pleasure, all imagined good,



was the warm tremble of a devout kiss –



even then, that moment, at the thought of this,



fainting i fell into a bed of flowers,



and languished there three days. ye milder powers,



am i not cruelly wronged? believe, believe



me, dear endymion, were i to weave



750

with my own fancies garlands of sweet life,



thou shouldst be one of all. ah, bitter strife!



i may not be thy love: i am forbidden –



indeed i am – thwarted, affrighted, chidden,



by things i trembled at, and gorgon wrath.



twice hast thou asked whither i went. henceforth



ask me no more! i may not utter it,



nor may i be thy love. we might commit



ourselves at once to vengeance; we might die;



we might embrace and die – voluptuous thought!



760

enlarge not to my hunger, or i’m caught



in trammels of perverse deliciousness.



no, no, that shall not be: thee will i bless,



and bid a long adieu.’



the carian



no word returned: both lovelorn, silent, wan,



into the valleys green together went.



far wandering, they were perforce content



to sit beneath a fair lone beechen tree;



nor at each other gazed, but heavily



770

pored on its hazel cirque of shedded leaves.



endymion! unhappy! it nigh grieves



me to behold thee thus in last extreme –



enskied ere this, but truly that i deem



truth the best music in a first-born song.



thy lute-voiced brother will i sing ere long,



and thou shalt aid – hast thou not aided me?



yes, moonlight emperor! felicity



has been thy meed for many thousand years;



yet often have i, on the brink of tears,



mourned as if yet thou wert a forester –



780

forgetting the old tale.



he did not stir



his eyes from the dead leaves, or one small pulse



of joy he might have felt. the spirit culls



unfaded amaranth, when wild it strays



through the old garden-ground of boyish days.



a little onward ran the very stream



by which he took his first soft poppy dream;



and on the very bark ’gainst which he leant



a crescent he had carved, and round it spent



his skill in little stars. the teeming tree



790

had swollen and greened the pious charactery,



but not ta’en out. why, there was not a slope



up which he had not feared the antelope;



and not a tree, beneath whose rooty shade



he had not with his tamed leopards played;



nor could an arrow light, or javelin,



fly in the air where his had never been –



and yet he knew it not.



o treachery!



why does his lady smile, pleasing her eye



with all his sorrowing? he sees her not.



800

but who so stares on him? his sister sure!



peona of the woods! – can she endure –



impossible! how dearly they embrace!



his lady smiles, delight is in her face –



it is no treachery.



‘dear brother mine!



endymion, weep not so! why shouldst thou pine



when all great latmos so exalt will be?



thank the great gods, and look not bitterly;



and speak not one pale word, and sigh no more.



sure i will not believe thou hast such store



810

of grief, to last thee to my kiss again.



thou surely canst not bear a mind in pain,



come hand in hand with one so beautiful.



be happy both of you! for i will pull



the flowers of autumn for your coronals.



pan’s holy priest for young endymion calls;



and when he is restored, thou, fairest dame,



shalt be our queen. now, is it not a shame



to see ye thus – not very, very sad?



perhaps ye are too happy to be glad:



820

o feel as if it were a common day,



free-voiced as one who never was away.



no tongue shall ask, “whence come ye? ”, but ye shall



be gods of your own rest imperial.



not even i, for one whole month, will pry



into the hours that have passed us by,



since in my arbour i did sing to thee.



o hermes! on this very night will be



a hymning up to cynthia, queen of light;



for the soothsayers old saw yesternight



830

good visions in the air – whence will befall,



as say these sages, health perpetual



to shepherds and their flocks; and furthermore,



in dian’s face they read the gentle lore:



therefore for her these vesper-carols are.



our friends will all be there from nigh and far.



many upon thy death have ditties made;



and many, even now, their foreheads shade



with cypress, on a day of sacrifice.



new singing for our maids shalt thou devise,



840

and pluck the sorrow from our huntsmen’s brows.



tell me, my lady-queen, how to espouse



this wayward brother to his rightful joys!



his eyes are on thee bent, as thou didst poise



his fate most goddess-like. help me, i pray,



to lure – endymion! dear brother, say



what ails thee?’ he could bear no more, and so



bent his soul fiercely like a spiritual bow,



and twanged it inwardly, and calmly said:



‘i would have thee my only friend, sweet maid!



850

my only visitor! not ignorant though,



that those deceptions which for pleasure go



‘mong men, are pleasures real as real may be:



but there are higher ones i may not see,



if impiously an earthly realm i take.



since i saw thee, i have been wide awake



night after night, and day by day, until



of the empyrean i have drunk my fill.



let it content thee, sister, seeing me



more happy than betides mortality.



860

a hermit young, i’ll live in mossy cave,



where thou alone shalt come to me, and lave



thy spirit in the wonders i shall tell.



through me the shepherd realm shall prosper well,



for to thy tongue will i all health confide.



and, for my sake, let this young maid abide



with thee as a dear sister. thou alone,



peona, mayst return to me. i own



this may sound strangely: but when, dearest girl,



thou seest it for my happiness, no pearl



870

will trespass down those cheeks. companion fair!



wilt be content to dwell with her, to share



this sister’s love with me?’ like one resigned



and bent by circumstance, and thereby blind



in self-commitment, thus that meek unknown:



‘ay, but a buzzing by my ears has flown,



of jubilee to dian – truth i heard?



well then i see there is no little bird,



tender soever, but is jove’s own care,



long have i sought for rest, and, unaware,



880

behold i find it! so exalted too!



so after my own heart! i knew, i knew



there was a place untenanted in it:



in that same void white chastity shall sit,



and monitor me nightly to lone slumber.



with sanest lips i vow me to the number



of dian’s sisterhood; and, kind lady,



with thy good help, this very night shall see



my future days to her fane consecrate.’



as feels a dreamer what doth most create



890

his own particular fright, so these three felt;



or like one who, in after ages, knelt



to lucifer or baal, when he’d pine



after a little sleep; or when in mine



far underground, a sleeper meets his friends



who know him not. each diligently bends



towards common thoughts and things for very fear;



striving their ghastly malady to cheer,



by thinking it a thing of yes and no,



that housewives talk of. but the spirit-blow



900

was struck, and all were dreamers. at the last



endymion said: ‘are not our fates all cast?



why stand we here? adieu, ye tender pair!



adieu!’ whereat those maidens, with wild stare,



walked dizzily away. pained and hot



his eyes went after them, until they got



near to a cypress grove, whose deadly maw,



in one swift moment, would what then he saw



engulf for ever. ‘stay!’ he cried, ‘ah, stay!



turn, damsels! hist! one word i have to say.



910

sweet indian, i would see thee once again.



it is a thing i dote on: so i’d fain,



peona, ye should hand in hand repair



into those holy groves, that silent are



behind great dian’s temple. i’ll be yon,



at vesper’s earliest twinkle – they are gone –



but once, once, once again – ’ at this he pressed



his hands against his face, and then did rest



his head upon a mossy hillock green,



and so remained as he a corpse had been



920

all the long day, save when he scantly lifted



his eyes abroad, to see how shadows shifted



with the slow move of time – sluggish and weary



until the poplar tops, in journey dreary,



had reached the river’s brim. then up he rose,



and, slowly as that very river flows,



walked towards the temple grove with this lament:



‘why such a golden eve? the breeze is sent



careful and soft, that not a leaf may fall



before the serene father of them all



930

bows down his summer head below the west.



now am i of breath, speech, and speed possessed,



but at the setting i must bid adieu



to her for the last time. night will strew



on the damp grass myriads of lingering leaves,



and with them shall i die; nor much it grieves



to die, when summer dies on the cold sward.



why, i have been a butterfly, a lord



of flowers, garlands, love-knots, silly posies,



groves, meadows, melodies, and arbour roses.



940

my kingdom’s at its death, and just it is



that i should die with it: so in all this



we miscall grief, bale, sorrow, heartbreak, woe,



what is there to plain of? by titan’s foe



i am but rightly served.’ so saying, he



tripped lightly on, in sort of deathful glee,



laughing at the clear stream and setting sun,



as though they jests had been: nor had he done



his laugh at nature’s holy countenance,



until that grove appeared, as if perchance,



950

and then his tongue with sober seemlihed



gave utterance as he entered: ‘ha! i said,



“king of the butterflies”, but by this gloom,



and by old rhadamanthus’ tongue of doom,



this dusk religion, pomp of solitude,



and the promethean clay by thief endued,



by old saturnus’ forelock, by his head



shook with eternal palsy, i did wed



myself to things of light from infancy;



and thus to be cast out, thus lorn to die,



960

is sure enough to make a mortal man



grow impious.’ so he inwardly began



on things for which no wording can be found,



deeper and deeper sinking, until drowned



beyond the reach of music: for the choir



of cynthia he heard not, though rough briar



nor muffling thicket interposed to dull



the vesper hymn, far swollen, soft and full,



through the dark pillars of those sylvan aisles.



he saw not the two maidens, nor their smiles,



970

wan as primroses gathered at midnight



by chilly-fingered spring. ‘unhappy wight!



endymion!’ said peona, ‘we are here!



what wouldst thou ere we all are laid on bier?’



then he embraced her, and his lady’s hand



pressed, saying: ‘sister, i would have command,



if it were heaven’s will, on our sad fate.’



at which that dark-eyed stranger stood elate



and said, in a new voice, but sweet as love,



to endymion’s amaze: ‘by cupid’s dove,



980

and so thou shalt! and by the lily truth



of my own breast thou shalt, beloved youth!’



and as she spake, into her face there came



light, as reflected from a silver flame:



her long black hair swelled ampler, in display



full golden; in her eyes a brighter day



dawned blue and full of love. ay, he beheld



phoebe, his passion! joyous she upheld



her lucid bow, continuing thus: ‘drear, drear



has our delaying been; but foolish fear



990

withheld me first; and then decrees of fate;



and then ’twas fit that from this mortal state



thou shouldst, my love, by some unlooked for change



be spiritualized. peona, we shall range



these forests, and to thee they safe shall be



as was thy cradle; hither shalt thou flee



to meet us many a time.’ next cynthia bright



peona kissed, and blessed with fair good-night:



her brother kissed her too, and knelt adown



before his goddess, in a blissful swoon.



1000

she gave her fair hands to him, and behold,



before three swiftest kisses he had told,



they vanished far away! – peona went



home through the gloomy wood in wonderment.





‘in drear-nighted december’


i



in drear-nighted december,



too happy, happy tree,



thy branches ne’er remember



their green felicity:



the north cannot undo them,



with a sleety whistle through them,



nor frozen thawings glue them



from budding at the prime.



ii



in drear-nighted december,



10

too happy, happy brook,



thy bubblings ne’er remember



apollo’s summer look;



but with a sweet forgetting,



they stay their crystal fretting,



never, never petting



about the frozen time.



iii



ah! would ’twere so with many



a gentle girl and boy!



but were there ever any



20

writhed not of passed joy?



the feel of not to feel it,



when there is none to heal it,



nor numbed sense to steel it,



was never said in rhyme.





nebuchadnezzar’s dream


before he went to live with owls and bats



nebuchadnezzar had an ugly dream,



worse than a housewife’s when she thinks her cream



made a naumachia for mice and rats.



so scared, he sent for that ‘good king of cats’,



young daniel, who did straightway pluck the beam



from out his eye, and said ‘i do not deem



your sceptre worth a straw – your cushion old door-mats’.



a horrid nightmare similar somewhat



10

of late has haunted a most valiant crew



of loggerheads and chapmen – we are told



that any daniel though he be a sot



can make their lying lips turn pale of hue



by drawling out, ‘ye are that head of gold.’





apollo to the graces


apollo



which of the fairest three



today will ride with me?



my steeds are all pawing on the thresholds of morn:

which of the fairest three



today will ride with me



across the gold autumn’s whole kingdoms of corn?

the graces all answer



i will, i – i – i –



o young apollo let me fly along with thee,



i will, i – i – i,



10

the many, many wonders see –



i – i – i – i –



and thy lyre shall never have a slackened string.

i – i – i – i



thro’ the whole day will sing.





to mrs reynolds’s cat


cat! who hast passed thy grand climacteric,



how many mice and rats hast in thy days



destroyed? how many tit-bits stolen? gaze



with those bright languid segments green, and prick



those velvet ears – but prithee do not stick



thy latent talons in me, and up-raise



thy gentle mew, and tell me all thy frays



of fish and mice, and rats and tender chick.



nay, look not down, nor lick thy dainty wrists –



10

for all the wheezy asthma, and for all



thy tail’s tip is nicked off, and though the fists



of many a maid have given thee many a maul,



still is that fur as soft as when the lists



in youth thou enteredst on glass-bottled wall.





on seeing a lock of milton’s hair. ode


chief of organic numbers!



old scholar of the spheres!



thy spirit never slumbers,



but rolls about our ears,



for ever, and for ever!



o what a mad endeavour



worketh he,



who to thy sacred and ennobled hearse



would offer a burnt sacrifice of verse



10

and melody.



how heavenward thou soundest,



live temple of sweet noise,



and discord unconfoundest,



give delight new joys,



and pleasure nobler pinions!



o, where are thy dominions?



lend thine ear



to a young delian oath – ay, by thy soul,



by all that from thy mortal lips did roll,



20

and by the kernel of thy earthly love,



beauty in things on earth and things above,



i swear!



when every childish fashion



has vanished from my rhyme,



will i, grey-gone in passion,



leave to an after-time



hymning and harmony



of thee, and of thy works, and of thy life;



but vain is now the burning and the strife,



30

pangs are in vain, until i grow high-rife



with old philosophy,



and mad with glimpses of futurity!



for many years my offering must be hushed;



when i do speak, i’ll think upon this hour,



because i feel my forehead hot and flushed,



even at the simplest vassal of thy power –



a lock of thy bright hair.



sudden it came,



and i was startled, when i caught thy name



40

coupled so unaware;



yet, at the moment, temperate was my blood.



methought i had beheld it from the flood.





on sitting down to read king lear once again


o golden-tongued romance, with serene lute!



fair plumed syren, queen of far-away!



leave melodizing on this wintry day,



shut up thine olden pages, and be mute:



adieu! for, once again, the fierce dispute



betwixt damnation and impassioned clay



must i burn through, once more humbly assay



the bitter-sweet of this shakespearian fruit:



chief poet! and ye clouds of albion,



10

begetters of our deep eternal theme!



when through the old oak forest i am gone,



let me not wander in a barren dream,



but, when i am consumed in the fire,



give me new phoenix wings to fly at my desire.





‘when i have fears that i may cease to be’


when i have fears that i may cease to be



before my pen has gleaned my teeming brain,



before high-piled books, in charactery,



hold like rich garners the full-ripened grain;



when i behold, upon the night’s starred face,



huge cloudy symbols of a high romance,



and think that i may never live to trace



their shadows, with the magic hand of chance;



and when i feel, fair creature of an hour!



10

that i shall never look upon thee more,



never have relish in the faery power



of unreflecting love! – then on the shore



of the wide world i stand alone, and think



till love and fame to nothingness do sink.





‘o blush not so! 0 blush not so!’


i



o blush not so! o blush not so!



or i shall think you knowing;



and if you smile the blushing while,



then maidenheads are going.



ii



there’s a blush for won’t, and a blush for shan’t,



and a blush for having done it:



there’s a blush for thought, and a blush for naught,



and a blush for just begun it.



iii



o sigh not so! o sigh not so!



10

for it sounds of eve’s sweet pippin;



by those loosened hips you have tasted the pips



and fought in an amorous nipping.



iv



will you play once more at nice-cut-core,



for it only will last our youth out?



and we have the prime of the kissing time,



we have not one sweet tooth out.



v



there’s a sigh for yes, and a sigh for no,



and a sigh for i can’t bear it!



o what can be done, shall we stay or run?



20

o, cut the sweet apple and share it!





‘hence burgundy, claret, and port’


hence burgundy, claret, and port,



away with old hock and madeira,



too couthly ye are for my sport;



there’s a beverage brighter and clearer.



instead of a pitiful rummer,



my wine overbrims a whole summer;



my bowl is the sky,



and i drink at my eye,



till i feel in the brain



10

a delphian pain –



then follow, my caius! then follow!



on the green of the hill



we will drink our fill



of golden sunshine,



till our brains intertwine



with the glory and grace of apollo!





‘god of the meridian’


god of the meridian,



and of the east and west,



to thee my soul is flown,



and my body is earthward pressed.



it is an awful mission,



a terrible division,



and leaves a gulf austere



to be filled with worldly fear.



ay, when the soul is fled



10

to high above our head,



affrighted do we gaze



after its airy maze,



as doth a mother wild,



when her young infant child



is in an eagle’s claws –



and is not this the cause



of madness? – god of song,



thou bearest me along



through sights i scarce can bear:



20

o let me, let me share



with the hot lyre and thee,



the staid philosophy.



temper my lonely hours,



and let me see thy bowers



more unalarmed!





robin hood


to a friend



no! those days are gone away,



and their hours are old and grey,



and their minutes buried all



under the down-trodden pall



of the leaves of many years;



many times have winter’s shears,



frozen north, and chilling east,



sounded tempests to the feast



of the forest’s whispering fleeces,



10

since men knew nor rent nor leases.



no, the bugle sounds no more,



and the twanging bow no more;



silent is the ivory shrill



past the heath and up the hill;



there is no mid-forest laugh,



where lone echo gives the half



to some wight, amazed to hear



jesting, deep in forest drear.



on the fairest time of june



20

you may go, with sun or moon,



or the seven stars to light you,



or the polar ray to right you;



but you never may behold



little john, or robin bold;



never one, of all the clan,



thrumming on an empty can



some old hunting ditty, while



he doth his green way beguile



to fair hostess merriment,



30

down beside the pasture trent;



for he left the merry tale



messenger for spicy ale.



gone, the merry morris din;



gone, the song of gamelyn;



gone, the tough-belted outlaw



idling in the ‘grene shawe’;



all are gone away and past!



and if robin should be cast



sudden from his turfed grave,



40

and if marian should have



once again her forest days,



she would weep, and he would craze.



he would swear, for all his oaks,



fallen beneath the dockyard strokes,



have rotted on the briny seas;



she would weep that her wild bees



sang not to her – strange! that honey



can’t be got without hard money!



so it is – yet let us sing,



50

honour to the old bow-string!



honour to the bugle-horn!



honour to the woods unshorn!



honour to the lincoln green!



honour to the archer keen!



honour to tight little john,



and the horse he rode upon!



honour to bold robin hood,



sleeping in the underwood!



honour to maid marian,



60

and to all the sherwood-clan!



though their days have hurried by



let us two a burden try.





lines on the mermaid tavern


souls of poets dead and gone,



what elysium have ye known,



happy field or mossy cavern,



choicer than the mermaid tavern?



have ye tippled drink more fine



than mine host’s canary wine?



or are fruits of paradise



sweeter than those dainty pies



of venison? o generous food!



10

dressed as though bold robin hood



would, with his maid marian,



sup and bowse from horn and can.



i have heard that on a day



mine host’s sign-board flew away,



nobody knew whither, till



an astrologer’s old quill



to a sheepskin gave the story,



said he saw you in your glory,



underneath a new-old sign



20

sipping beverage divine,



and pledging with contented smack



the mermaid in the zodiac.



souls of poets dead and gone,



what elysium have ye known,



happy field or mossy cavern,



choicer than the mermaid tavern?





to —*


time’s sea hath been five years at its slow ebb,



long hours have to and fro let creep the sand,



since i was tangled in thy beauty’s web,



and snared by the ungloving of thy hand.



and yet i never look on midnight sky,



but i behold thine eyes’ well-memoried light;



i cannot look upon the rose’s dye,



but to thy cheek my soul doth take its flight;



i cannot look on any budding flower,



10

but my fond ear, in fancy at thy lips,



and hearkening for a love-sound, doth devour



its sweets in the wrong sense: – thou dost eclipse



every delight with sweet remembering,



and grief unto my darling joys dost bring.





to the nile


son of the old moon-mountains african!



chief of the pyramid and crocodile!



we call thee fruitful, and, that very while,



a desert fills our seeing’s inward span.



nurse of swart nations since the world began,



art thou so fruitful? or dost thou beguile



such men to honour thee, who, worn with toil,



rest for a space ’twixt cairo and decan?



o may dark fancies err! they surely do.



10

’tis ignorance that makes a barren waste



of all beyond itself. thou dost bedew



green rushes like our rivers, and dost taste



the pleasant sun-rise. green isles hast thou too,



and to the sea as happily dost haste.





‘spenser! a jealous honourer of thine’


spenser! a jealous honourer of thine,



a forester deep in thy midmost trees,



did last eve ask my promise to refine



some english that might strive thine ear to please.



but, elfin poet, ’tis impossible



for an inhabitant of wintry earth



to rise like phoebus with a golden quell,



fire-winged, and make a morning in his mirth.



it is impossible to escape from toil



10

o’ the sudden and receive thy spiriting:



the flower must drink the nature of the soil



before it can put forth its blossoming.



be with me in the summer days and i



will for thine honour and his pleasure try.





‘blue! ’tis the life of heaven, the domain’


answer to a sonnet ending thus:

dark eyes are dearer far

than orbs that mock the hyacinthine bell –

j. h. reynolds



blue! ’tis the life of heaven, the domain



of cynthia, the wide palace of the sun,



the tent of hesperus, and all his train,



the bosomer of clouds, gold, grey and dun.



blue! ’tis the life of waters – ocean



and all its vassal streams, pools numberless,



may rage, and foam, and fret, but never can



subside, if not to dark blue nativeness.



blue! gentle cousin to the forest-green,



10

married to green in all the sweetest flowers –



forget-me-not, the blue-bell, and, that queen



of secrecy, the violet. what strange powers



hast thou, as a mere shadow! but how great,



when in an eye thou art, alive with fate!





‘o thou whose face hath felt the winter’s wind’


[letter to j. h. reynolds, 19 february 1818: ‘… i had no idea but of the morning and the thrush said i was right – seeming to say…]



‘o thou whose face hath felt the winter’s wind,



whose eye has seen the snow-clouds hung in mist,



and the black elm tops, ’mong the freezing stars,



to thee the spring will be a harvest-time.



o thou, whose only book has been the light



of supreme darkness which thou feddest on



night after night when phoebus was away,



to thee the spring shall be a triple morn.



o fret not after knowledge – i have none,



10

and yet my song comes native with the warmth.



o fret not after knowledge – i have none,



and yet the evening listens. he who saddens



at thought of idleness cannot be idle,



and he’s awake who thinks himself asleep.’





sonnet


to a[ubrey] g[eorge] s[pencer] on reading his admirable verses in this (miss reynolds’s) album, on either side of the following attempt to pay small tribute thereto



where didst thou find, young bard, thy sounding lyre?



where the bland accent, and the tender tone?



a-sitting snugly by thy parlour fire?



or didst thou with apollo pick a bone?



the muse will have a crow to pick with me



for thus assaying in thy brightening path:



who, that with his own brace of eyes can see,



unthunderstruck beholds thy gentle wrath?



who from a pot of stout e’er blew the froth



10

into the bosom of the wandering wind,



light as the powder on the back of moth,



but drank thy muses with a grateful mind?



yea, unto thee beldams drink metheglin



and annisies, and carraway, and gin.





extracts from an opera


i





o! were i one of the olympian twelve,




their godships should pass this into a law –



that when a man doth set himself in toil



after some beauty veiled far away,



each step he took should make his lady’s hand



more soft, more white, and her fair cheek more fair;



and for each briar-berry he might eat,



a kiss should bud upon the tree of love,



and pulp and ripen richer every hour,



10

to melt away upon the traveller’s lips.





ii daisy’s song




1



the sun, with his great eye,



sees not so much as i;



and the moon, all silver-proud,



might as well be in a cloud.



2



and o the spring – the spring!



i lead the life of a king!



couched in the teeming grass,



i spy each pretty lass.



3



i look where no one dares,



10

and i stare where no one stares,



and when the night is nigh,



lambs bleat my lullaby.





iii folly’s song




when wedding fiddles are a-playing,



huzza for folly o!



and when maidens go a-maying,



huzza, etc.



when a milk-pail is upset,



huzza, etc.



and the clothes left in the wet,



huzza, etc.



when the barrel’s set abroach,



10

huzza, etc.



when kate eyebrow keeps a coach,



huzza, etc.



when the pig is over-roasted,



huzza, etc.



and the cheese is over-toasted,



huzza, etc.



when sir snap is with his lawyer,



huzza, etc.



and miss chip has kissed the sawyer,



20

huzza, etc.





iv




o, i am frightened with most hateful thoughts!



perhaps her voice is not a nightingale’s,



perhaps her teeth are not the fairest pearl;



her eye-lashes may be, for aught i know,



not longer than the may-fly’s small fan-horns;



there may not be one dimple on her hand –



and freckles many. ah! a careless nurse,



in haste to teach the little thing to walk,



may have crumped up a pair of dian’s legs



10

and warped the ivory of a juno’s neck.





v song




1



the stranger lighted from his steed,



and ere he spake a word,



he seized my lady’s lily hand,



and kissed it all unheard.



2



the stranger walked into the hall,



and ere he spake a word,



he kissed my lady’s cherry lips,



and kissed ’em all unheard.



3



the stranger walked into the bower –



10

but my lady first did go:



ay, hand in hand into the bower,



where my lord’s roses blow.



4



my lady’s maid had a silken scarf,



and a golden ring had she,



and a kiss from the stranger, as off he went



again on his fair palfrey.





vi




asleep! o sleep a little while, white pearl!



and let me kneel, and let me pray to thee,



and let me call heaven’s blessing on thine eyes,



and let me breathe into the happy air,



that doth enfold and touch thee all about,



vows of my slavery, my giving up,



my sudden adoration, my great love!





the human seasons


four seasons fill the measure of the year;



there are four seasons in the mind of man.



he has his lusty spring, when fancy clear



takes in all beauty with an easy span.



he has his summer, when luxuriously



spring’s honeyed cud of youthful thought he loves



to ruminate, and by such dreaming nigh



his nearest unto heaven. quiet coves



his soul has in its autumn, when his wings



10

he furleth close; contented so to look



on mists in idleness – to let fair things



pass by unheeded as a threshold brook.



he has his winter too of pale misfeature,



or else he would forego his mortal nature.





‘for there’s bishop’s teign’


i



for there’s bishop’s teign



and king’s teign



and coomb at the clear teign head –



where close by the stream



you may have your cream



all spread upon barley bread.



ii



there’s arch brook



and there’s larch brook



both turning many a mill;



10

and cooling the drouth



of the salmon’s mouth,



and fattening his silver gill.



iii



there is wild wood,



a mild hood



to the sheep on the lea o’ the down,



where the golden furze,



with its green, thin spurs,



doth catch at the maiden’s gown.



iv



there is newton marsh



20

with its spear grass harsh –



a pleasant summer level



where the maidens sweet



of the market street



do meet in the dusk to revel.



v



there’s the barton rich



with dyke and ditch



and hedge for the thrush to live in,



and the hollow tree



for the buzzing bee



30

and a bank for the wasp to hive in.



vi



and o, and o,



the daisies blow



and the primroses are wakened,



and violet white



sits in silver plight,



and the green bud’s as long as the spike end.



vii



then who would go



into dark soho,



and chatter with dacked-haired critics,



40

when he can stay



for the new-mown hay,



and startle the dappled prickets?





‘where be ye going, you devon maid’?


i



where be ye going, you devon maid?



and what have ye there i’ the basket?



ye tight little fairy, just fresh from the dairy,



will ye give me some cream if i ask it?



ii



i love your meads, and i love your flowers,



and i love your junkets mainly,



but ’hind the door i love kissing more,



o look not so disdainly.



iii



i love your hills, and i love your dales,



10

and i love your flocks a-bleating –



but o, on the heather to lie together,



with both our hearts a-beating!



iv



i’ll put your basket all safe in a nook,



and your shawl i hang up on this willow,



and we will sigh in the daisy’s eye



and kiss on a grass-green pillow.





‘over the hill and over the dale’


over the hill and over the dale,



and over the bourn to dawlish –



where gingerbread wives have a scanty sale



and gingerbread nuts are smallish.



rantipole betty she ran down a hill



and kicked up her petticoats fairly.



says i, ‘i’ll be jack if you will be jill.’



so she sat on the grass debonairly.



‘here’s somebody coming, here’s somebody coming!’



10

says i, ‘’tis the wind at a parley.’



so without any fuss, any hawing and humming,



she lay on the grass debonairly.



‘here’s somebody here, and here’s somebody there!’



says i, ‘hold your tongue, you young gipsy.’



so she held her tongue and lay plump and fair,



and dead as a venus tipsy.



o who wouldn’t hie to dawlish fair,



o who wouldn’t stop in a meadow?



o [who] would not rumple the daisies there,



20

and make the wild fern for a bed do?





to j. h. reynolds, esq.


dear reynolds, as last night i lay in bed,



there came before my eyes that wonted thread



of shapes, and shadows, and remembrances,



that every other minute vex and please:



things all disjointed come from north and south –



two witch’s eyes above a cherub’s mouth,



voltaire with casque and shield and habergeon,



and alexander with his nightcap on,



old socrates a-tying his cravat,



10

and hazlitt playing with miss edgeworth’s cat,



and junius brutus, pretty well so so,



making the best of’s way towards soho.



few are there who escape these visitings –



perhaps one or two whose lives have patient wings,



and through whose curtains peeps no hellish nose,



no wild-boar tushes, and no mermaid’s toes;



but flowers bursting out with lusty pride,



and young aeolian harps personified,



some, titian colours touched into real life –



20

the sacrifice goes on; the pontiff knife



gloams in the sun, the milk-white heifer lows,



the pipes go shrilly, the libation flows;



a white sail shows above the green-head cliff,



moves round the point, and throws her anchor stiff.



the mariners join hymn with those on land.



you know the enchanted castle – it doth stand



upon a rock, on the border of a lake,



nested in trees, which all do seem to shake



from some old magic like urganda’s sword.



30

o phoebus! that i had thy sacred word



to show this castle, in fair dreaming wise,



unto my friend, while sick and ill he lies!



you know it well enough, where it doth seem



a mossy place, a merlin’s hall, a dream.



you know the clear lake, and the little isles,



the mountains blue, and cold near-neighbour rills,



all which elsewhere are but half animate;



here do they look alive to love and hate,



to smiles and frowns; they seem a lifted mound



40

above some giant, pulsing underground.



part of the building was a chosen see,



built by a banished santon of chaldee;



the other part, two thousand years from him,



was built by cuthbert de saint aldebrim;



then there’s a little wing, far from the sun,



built by a lapland witch turned maudlin nun;



and many other juts of aged stone



founded with many a mason-devil’s groan.



the doors all look as if they oped themselves,



50

the windows as if latched by fays and elves,



and from them comes a silver flash of light,



as from the westward of a summer’s night;



or like a beauteous woman’s large blue eyes



gone mad through olden songs and poesies –



see! what is coming from the distance dim!



a golden galley all in silken trim!



three rows of oars are lightening, moment-whiles,



into the verdurous bosoms of those isles.



towards the shade, under the castle wall,



60

it comes in silence – now ’tis hidden all.



the clarion sounds, and from a postern-grate



an echo of sweet music doth create



a fear in the poor herdsman, who doth bring



his beasts to trouble the enchanted spring.



he tells of the sweet music, and the spot,



to all his friends – and they believe him not.



o that our dreamings all, of sleep or wake,



would all their colours from the sunset take,



from something of material sublime,



70

rather than shadow our own soul’s daytime



in the dark void of night. for in the world



we jostle – but my flag is not unfurled



on the admiral staff – and to philosophize



i dare not yet! o, never will the prize,



high reason, and the lore of good and ill,



be my award! things cannot to the will



be settled, but they tease us out of thought.



or is it that imagination brought



beyond its proper bound, yet still confined,



80

lost in a sort of purgatory blind,



cannot refer to any standard law



of either earth or heaven? it is a flaw



in happiness, to see beyond our bourne –



it forces us in summer skies to mourn;



it spoils the singing of the nightingale.



dear reynolds, i have a mysterious tale,



and cannot speak it. the first page i read



upon a lampit rock of green seaweed



among the breakers. ’twas a quiet eve;



90

the rocks were silent, the wide sea did weave



an untumultuous fringe of silver foam



along the flat brown sand. i was at home



and should have been most happy – but i saw



too far into the sea, where every maw



the greater on the less feeds evermore. –



but i saw too distinct into the core



of an eternal fierce destruction,



and so from happiness i far was gone.



still am i sick of it; and though, today,



100

i’ve gathered young spring-leaves, and flowers gay



of periwinkle and wild strawberry,



still do i that most fierce destruction see –



the shark at savage prey, the hawk at pounce,



the gentle robin, like a pard or ounce,



ravening a worm. – away, ye horrid moods!



moods of one’s mind! you know i hate them well,



you know i’d sooner be a clapping bell



to some kamchatkan missionary church,



than with these horrid moods be left in lurch.



110

do you get health – and tom the same – i’ll dance,



and from detested moods in new romance



take refuge. of bad lines a centaine dose



is sure enough – and so ‘here follows prose’…





to j[ames] r[ice]


o that a week could be an age, and we



felt parting and warm meeting every week,



then one poor year a thousand years would be,



the flush of welcome ever on the cheek:



so could we live long life in little space,



so time itself would be annihilate,



so a day’s journey in oblivious haze



to serve our joys would lengthen and dilate.



o to arrive each monday morn from ind!



10

to land each tuesday from the rich levant!



in little time a host of joys to bind,



and keep our souls in one eternal pant!



this morn, my friend, and yester-evening taught



me how to harbour such a happy thought.





isabella; or, the pot of basil


i



fair isabel, poor simple isabel!



lorenzo, a young palmer in love’s eye!



they could not in the self-same mansion dwell



without some stir of heart, some malady;



they could not sit at meals but feel how well



it soothed each to be the other by;



they could not, sure, beneath the same roof sleep



but to each other dream, and nightly weep.



ii



with every morn their love grew tenderer,



10

with every eve deeper and tenderer still;



he might not in house, field, or garden stir,



but her full shape would all his seeing fill;



and his continual voice was pleasanter



to her than noise of trees or hidden rill;



her lute-string gave an echo of his name,



she spoilt her half-done broidery with the same.



iii



he knew whose gentle hand was at the latch



before the door had given her to his eyes;



and from her chamber-window he would catch



20

her beauty farther than the falcon spies;



and constant as her vespers would he watch,



because her face was turned to the same skies;



and with sick longing all the night outwear,



to hear her morning-step upon the stair.



iv



a whole long month of may in this sad plight



made their cheeks paler by the break of june:



‘to-morrow will i bow to my delight,



to-morrow will i ask my lady’s boon.’



‘o may i never see another night,



30

lorenzo, if thy lips breathe not love’s tune.’



so spake they to their pillows; but, alas,



honeyless days and days did he let pass –



v



until sweet isabella’s untouched cheek



fell sick within the rose’s just domain,



fell thin as a young mother’s, who doth seek



by every lull to cool her infant’s pain:



‘how ill she is,’ said he, ‘i may not speak,



and yet i will, and tell my love all plain:



if looks speak love-laws, i will drink her tears,



40

and at the least ’twill startle off her cares.’



vi



so said he one fair morning, and all day



his heart beat awfully against his side;



and to his heart he inwardly did pray



for power to speak; but still the ruddy tide



stifled his voice, and pulsed resolve away –



fevered his high conceit of such a bride,



yet brought him to the meekness of a child:



alas! when passion is both meek and wild!



vii



so once more he had waked and anguished



50

a dreary night of love and misery,



if isabel’s quick eye had not been wed



to every symbol on his forehead high.



she saw it waxing very pale and dead,



and straight all flushed; so, lisped tenderly,



‘lorenzo!’ – here she ceased her timid quest,



but in her tone and look he read the rest.



viii



‘o isabella, i can half-perceive



that i may speak my grief into thine ear.



if thou didst ever anything believe,



60

believe how i love thee, believe how near



my soul is to its doom: i would not grieve



thy hand by unwelcome pressing, would not fear



thine eyes by gazing; but i cannot live



another night, and not my passion shrive.



ix



‘love! thou art leading me from wintry cold,



lady! thou leadest me to summer clime,



and i must taste the blossoms that unfold



in its ripe warmth this gracious morning time.’



so said, his erewhile timid lips grew bold,



70

and poesied with hers in dewy rhyme:



great bliss was with them, and great happiness



grew, like a lusty flower, in june’s caress.



x



parting they seemed to tread upon the air,



twin roses by the zephyr blown apart



only to meet again more close, and share



the inward fragrance of each other’s heart.



she, to her chamber gone, a ditty fair



sang, of delicious love and honeyed dart;



he with light steps went up a western hill,



80

and bade the sun farewell, and joyed his fill.



xi



all close they met again, before the dusk



had taken from the stars its pleasant veil,



all close they met, all eves, before the dusk



had taken from the stars its pleasant veil,



close in a bower of hyacinth and musk,



unknown of any, free from whispering tale.



ah! better had it been for ever so,



than idle ears should pleasure in their woe.



xii



were they unhappy then? – it cannot be –



90

too many tears for lovers have been shed,



too many sighs give we to them in fee,



too much of pity after they are dead,



too many doleful stories do we see,



whose matter in bright gold were best be read;



except in such a page where theseus’ spouse



over the pathless waves towards him bows.



xiii



but, for the general award of love,



the little sweet doth kill much bitterness;



though dido silent is in under-grove,



100

and isabella’s was a great distress,



though young lorenzo in warm indian clove



was not embalmed, this truth is not the less –



even bees, the little almsmen of spring-bowers,



know there is richest juice in poison-flowers.



xiv



with her two brothers this fair lady dwelt,



enriched from ancestral merchandise,



and for them many a weary hand did swelt



in torched mines and noisy factories,



and many once proud-quivered loins did melt



110

in blood from stinging whip – with hollow eyes



many all day in dazzling river stood,



to take the rich-ored driftings of the flood.



xv



for them the ceylon diver held his breath,



and went all naked to the hungry shark;



for them his ears gushed blood; for them in death



the seal on the cold ice with piteous bark



lay full of darts; for them alone did seethe



a thousand men in troubles wide and dark:



half-ignorant, they turned an easy wheel,



120

that set sharp racks at work to pinch and peel.



xvi



why were they proud? because their marble founts



gushed with more pride than do a wretch’s tears? –



why were they proud? because fair orange-mounts



were of more soft ascent than lazar stairs? –



why were they proud? because red-lined accounts



were richer than the songs of grecian years? –



why were they proud? again we ask aloud,



why in the name of glory were they proud?



xvii



yet were these florentines as self-retired



130

in hungry pride and gainful cowardice,



as two close hebrews in that land inspired,



paled in and vineyarded from beggar-spies –



the hawks of ship-mast forests – the untired



and panniered mules for ducats and old lies –



quick cat’s-paws on the generous stray-away –



great wits in spanish, tuscan, and malay.



xviii



how was it these same ledger-men could spy



fair isabella in her downy nest?



how could they find out in lorenzo’s eye



140

a straying from his toil? hot egypt’s pest



into their vision covetous and sly!



how could these money-bags see east and west? –



yet so they did – and every dealer fair



must see behind, as doth the hunted hare.



xix



o eloquent and famed boccaccio!



of thee we now should ask forgiving boon,



and of thy spicy myrtles as they blow,



and of thy roses amorous of the moon,



and of thy lilies, that do paler grow



150

now they can no more hear thy gittern’s tune,



for venturing syllables that ill beseem



the quiet glooms of such a piteous theme.



xx



grant thou a pardon here, and then the tale



shall move on soberly, as it is meet;



there is no other crime, no mad assail



to make old prose in modern rhyme more sweet:



but it is done – succeed the verse or fail –



to honour thee, and thy gone spirit greet,



to stead thee as a verse in english tongue,



160

an echo of thee in the north wind sung.



xxi



these brethren having found by many signs



what love lorenzo for their sister had,



and how she loved him too, each unconfines



his bitter thoughts to other, well nigh mad



that he, the servant of their trade designs,



should in their sister’s love be blithe and glad,



when ’twas their plan to coax her by degrees



to some high noble and his olive-trees.



xxii



and many a jealous conference had they,



170

and many times they bit their lips alone,



before they fixed upon a surest way



to make the youngster for his crime atone;



and at the last, these men of cruel clay



cut mercy with a sharp knife to the bone,



for they resolved in some forest dim



to kill lorenzo, and there bury him.



xxiii



so on a pleasant morning, as he leant



into the sunrise, o’er the balustrade



of the garden-terrace, towards him they bent



180

their footing through the dews; and to him said,



‘you seem there in the quiet of content,



lorenzo, and we are most loth to invade



calm speculation; but if you are wise,



bestride your steed while cold is in the skies.



xxiv



‘to-day we purpose, ay, this hour we mount



to spur three leagues towards the apennine;



come down, we pray thee, ere the hot sun count



his dewy rosary on the eglantine.’



lorenzo, courteously as he was wont,



190

bowed a fair greeting to these serpents’ whine;



and went in haste, to get in readiness,



with belt, and spur, and bracing huntsman’s dress.



xxv



and as he to the court-yard passed along,



each third step did he pause, and listened oft



if he could hear his lady’s matin-song,



or the light whisper of her footstep soft;



and as he thus over his passion hung,



he heard a laugh full musical aloft,



when, looking up, he saw her features bright



200

smile through an in-door lattice, all delight.



xxvi



‘love, isabel!’ said he, ‘i was in pain



lest i should miss to bid thee a good morrow:



ah! what if i should lose thee, when so fain



i am to stifle all the heavy sorrow



of a poor three hours’ absence? but we’ll gain



out of the amorous dark what day doth borrow.



good bye! i’ll soon be back.’ ‘good bye!’ said she –



and as he went she chanted merrily.



xxvii



so the two brothers and their murdered man



210

rode past fair florence, to where arno’s stream



gurgles through straitened banks, and still doth fan



itself with dancing bulrush, and the bream



keeps head against the freshets. sick and wan



the brothers’ faces in the ford did seem,



lorenzo’s flush with love. – they passed the water



into a forest quiet for the slaughter.



xxviii



there was lorenzo slain and buried in,



there in that forest did his great love cease.



ah! when a soul doth thus its freedom win,



220

it aches in loneliness – is ill at peace



as the break-covert blood-hounds of such sin.



they dipped their swords in the water, and did tease



their horses homeward, with convulsed spur,



each richer by his being a murderer.



xxix



they told their sister how, with sudden speed,



lorenzo had ta’en ship for foreign lands,



because of some great urgency and need



in their affairs, requiring trusty hands.



poor girl! put on thy stifling widow’s weed,



230

and ’scape at once from hope’s accursed bands;



today thou wilt not see him, nor tomorrow,



and the next day will be a day of sorrow.



xxx



she weeps alone for pleasures not to be;



sorely she wept until the night came on,



and then, instead of love, o misery!



she brooded o’er the luxury alone:



his image in the dusk she seemed to see,



and to the silence made a gentle moan,



spreading her perfect arms upon the air,



240

and on her couch low murmuring ‘where? o where?’



xxxi



but selfishness, love’s cousin, held not long



its fiery vigil in her single breast.



she fretted for the golden hour, and hung



upon the time with feverish unrest –



not long – for soon into her heart a throng



of higher occupants, a richer zest,



came tragic – passion not to be subdued,



and sorrow for her love in travels rude.



xxxii



in the mid days of autumn, on their eves



250

the breath of winter comes from far away,



and the sick west continually bereaves



of some gold tinge, and plays a roundelay



of death among the bushes and the leaves,



to make all bare before he dares to stray



from his north cavern. so sweet isabel



by gradual decay from beauty fell,



xxxiii



because lorenzo came not. oftentimes



she asked her brothers, with an eye all pale,



striving to be itself, what dungeon climes



260

could keep him off so long? they spake a tale



time after time, to quiet her. their crimes



came on them, like a smoke from hinnom’s vale;



and every night in dreams they groaned aloud,



to see their sister in her snowy shroud.



xxxiv



and she had died in drowsy ignorance,



but for a thing more deadly dark than all.



it came like a fierce potion, drunk by chance,



which saves a sick man from the feathered pall



for some few gasping moments; like a lance,



270

waking an indian from his cloudy hall



with cruel pierce, and bringing him again



sense of the gnawing fire at heart and brain.



xxxv



it was a vision. – in the drowsy gloom,



the dull of midnight, at her couch’s foot



lorenzo stood, and wept: the forest tomb



had marred his glossy hair which once could shoot



lustre into the sun, and put cold doom



upon his lips, and taken the soft lute



from his lorn voice, and past his loamed ears



280

had made a miry channel for his tears.



xxxvi



strange sound it was, when the pale shadow spake;



for there was striving, in its piteous tongue,



to speak as when on earth it was awake,



and isabella on its music hung.



languor there was in it, and tremulous shake,



as in a palsied druid’s harp unstrung;



and through it moaned a ghostly under-song,



like hoarse night-gusts sepulchral briars among.



xxxvii



its eyes, though wild, were still all dewy bright



290

with love, and kept all phantom fear aloof



from the poor girl by magic of their light,



the while it did unthread the horrid woof



of the late darkened time – the murderous spite



of pride and avarice, the dark pine roof



in the forest, and the sodden turfed dell,



where, without any word, from stabs he fell.



xxxviii



saying moreover, ‘isabel, my sweet!



red whortle-berries droop above my head,



and a large flint-stone weighs upon my feet;



300

around me beeches and high chestnuts shed



their leaves and prickly nuts; a sheep-fold bleat



comes from beyond the river to my bed:



go, shed one tear upon my heather-bloom,



and it shall comfort me within the tomb.



xxxix



‘i am a shadow now, alas! alas!



upon the skirts of human-nature dwelling



alone. i chant alone the holy mass,



while little sounds of life are round me knelling,



and glossy bees at noon do fieldward pass,



310

and many a chapel bell the hour is telling,



paining me through: those sounds grow strange to me,



and thou art distant in humanity.



xl



‘i know what was, i feel full well what is,



and i should rage, if spirits could go mad;



though i forget the taste of earthly bliss,



that paleness warms my grave, as though i had



a seraph chosen from the bright abyss



to be my spouse: thy paleness makes me glad;



thy beauty grows upon me, and i feel



320

a greater love through all my essence steal.’



xli



the spirit mourn’d ‘adieu!’ – dissolved, and left



the atom darkness in a slow turmoil;



as when of healthful midnight sleep bereft,



thinking on rugged hours and fruitless toil,



we put our eyes into a pillowy cleft,



and see the spangly gloom froth up and boil:



it made sad isabella’s eyelids ache,



and in the dawn she started up awake –



xlii



‘ha! ha!’ said she, ‘i knew not this hard life,



330

i thought the worst was simple misery;



i thought some fate with pleasure or with strife



portioned us – happy days, or else to die;



but there is crime – a brother’s bloody knife!



sweet spirit, thou hast schooled my infancy:



i’ll visit thee for this, and kiss thine eyes,



and greet thee morn and even in the skies.’



xliii



when the full morning came, she had devised



how she might secret to the forest hie;



how she might find the clay, so dearly prized,



340

and sing to it one latest lullaby;



how her short absence might be unsurmised,



while she the inmost of the dream would try.



resolved, she took with her an aged nurse,



and went into that dismal forest-hearse.



xliv



see, as they creep along the river side,



how she doth whisper to that aged dame,



and, after looking round the champaign wide,



shows her a knife. – ‘what feverous hectic flame



burns in thee, child? – what good can thee betide,



350

that thou shouldst smile again?’ the evening came,



and they had found lorenzo’s earthy bed –



the flint was there, the berries at his head.



xlv



who hath not loitered in a green church-yard,



and let his spirit, like a demon-mole,



work through the clayey soil and gravel hard,



to see skull, coffined bones, and funeral stole;



pitying each form that hungry death hath marred



and filling it once more with human soul?



ah! this is holiday to what was felt



360

when isabella by lorenzo knelt.



xlvi



she gazed into the fresh-thrown mould, as though



one glance did fully all its secrets tell;



clearly she saw, as other eyes would know



pale limbs at bottom of a crystal well;



upon the murderous spot she seemed to grow,



like to a native lily of the dell –



then with her knife, all sudden, she began



to dig more fervently than misers can.



xlvii



soon she turned up a soiled glove, whereon



370

her silk had played in purple phantasies,



she kissed it with a lip more chill than stone,



and put it in her bosom, where it dries



and freezes utterly unto the bone



those dainties made to still an infant’s cries:



then ’gan she work again, nor stayed her care,



but to throw back at times her veiling hair.



xlviii



that old nurse stood beside her wondering,



until her heart felt pity to the core



at sight of such a dismal labouring,



380

and so she kneeled, with her locks all hoar,



and put her lean hands to the horrid thing.



three hours they laboured at this travail sore –



at last they felt the kernel of the grave,



and isabella did not stamp and rave.



xlix



ah! wherefore all this wormy circumstance?



why linger at the yawning tomb so long?



o for the gentleness of old romance,



the simple plaining of a minstrel’s song!



fair reader, at the old tale take a glance,



390

for here, in truth, it doth not well belong



to speak – o turn thee to the very tale,



and taste the music of that vision pale.



l



with duller steel than the persean sword



they cut away no formless monster’s head,



but one, whose gentleness did well accord



with death, as life. the ancient harps have said,



love never dies, but lives, immortal lord:



if love impersonate was ever dead,



pale isabella kissed it, and low moaned.



400

’twas love – cold, dead indeed, but not dethroned.



li



in anxious secrecy they took it home,



and then the prize was all for isabel.



she calmed its wild hair with a golden comb,



and all around each eye’s sepulchral cell



pointed each fringed lash; the smeared loam



with tears, as chilly as a dripping well,



she drenched away – and still she combed, and kept



sighing all day – and still she kissed, and wept.



lii



then in a silken scarf – sweet with the dews



410

of precious flowers plucked in araby,



and divine liquids come with odorous ooze



through the cold serpent-pipe refreshfully –



she wrapped it up; and for its tomb did choose



a garden-pot, wherein she laid it by,



and covered it with mould, and o’er it set



sweet basil, which her tears kept ever wet.



liii



and she forgot the stars, the moon, and sun,



and she forgot the blue above the trees,



and she forgot the dells where waters run,



420

and she forgot the chilly autumn breeze;



she had no knowledge when the day was done,



and the new morn she saw not, but in peace



hung over her sweet basil evermore,



and moistened it with tears unto the core.



liv



and so she ever fed it with thin tears,



whence thick, and green, and beautiful it grew,



so that it smelt more balmy than its peers



of basil-tufts in florence; for it drew



nurture besides, and life, from human fears,



430

from the fast mouldering head there shut from view:



so that the jewel, safely casketed,



came forth, and in perfumed leafits spread.



lv



o melancholy, linger here awhile!



o music, music, breathe despondingly!



o echo, echo, from some sombre isle,



unknown, lethean, sigh to us – o sigh!



spirits in grief, lift up your heads, and smile.



lift up your heads, sweet spirits, heavily,



and make a pale light in your cypress glooms,



440

tinting with silver wan your marble tombs.



lvi



moan hither, all ye syllables of woe,



from the deep throat of sad melpomene!



through bronzed lyre in tragic order go,



and touch the strings into a mystery;



sound mournfully upon the winds and low;



for simple isabel is soon to be



among the dead. she withers, like a palm



cut by an indian for its juicy balm.



lvii



o leave the palm to wither by itself;



450

let not quick winter chill its dying hour! –



it may not be – those baälites of pelf,



her brethren, noted the continual shower



from her dead eyes; and many a curious elf,



among her kindred, wondered that such dower



of youth and beauty should be thrown aside



by one marked out to be a noble’s bride.



lviii



and, furthermore, her brethren wondered much



why she sat drooping by the basil green,



and why it flourished, as by magic touch.



460

greatly they wondered what the thing might mean:



they could not surely give belief, that such



a very nothing would have power to wean



her from her own fair youth, and pleasures gay,



and even remembrance of her love’s delay.



lix



therefore they watched a time when they might sift



this hidden whim; and long they watched in vain:



for seldom did she go to chapel-shrift,



and seldom felt she any hunger-pain;



and when she left, she hurried back, as swift



470

as bird on wing to breast its eggs again;



and, patient as a hen-bird, sat her there



beside her basil, weeping through her hair.



lx



yet they contrived to steal the basil-pot,



and to examine it in secret place.



the thing was vile with green and livid spot,



and yet they knew it was lorenzo’s face:



the guerdon of their murder they had got,



and so left florence in a moment’s space,



never to turn again. away they went,



480

with blood upon their heads, to banishment.



lxi



o melancholy, turn thine eyes away!



o music, music, breathe despondingly!



o echo, echo, on some other day,



from isles lethean, sigh to us – o sigh!



spirits of grief, sing not your ‘well-a-way!’



for isabel, sweet isabel, will die –



will die a death too lone and incomplete,



now they have ta’en away her basil sweet.



lxii



piteous she looked on dead and senseless things,



490

asking for her lost basil amorously;



and with melodious chuckle in the strings



of her lorn voice, she oftentimes would cry



after the pilgrim in his wanderings,



to ask him where her basil was, and why



’twas hid from her: ‘for cruel ’tis,’ said she,



to steal my basil-pot away from me.’



lxiii



and so she pined, and so she died forlorn,



imploring for her basil to the last.



no heart was there in florence but did mourn



500

in pity of her love, so overcast.



and a sad ditty on this story born



from mouth to mouth through all the country passed:



still is the burthen sung – ‘o cruelty,



to steal my basil-pot away from me!’





to homer


standing aloof in giant ignorance,



of thee i hear and of the cyclades,



as one who sits ashore and longs perchance



to visit dolphin-coral in deep seas.



so wast thou blind! – but then the veil was rent,



for jove uncurtained heaven to let thee live,



and neptune made for thee a spumy tent,



and pan made sing for thee his forest-hive;



ay, on the shores of darkness there is light,



10

and precipices show untrodden green;



there is a budding morrow in midnight;



there is a triple sight in blindness keen;



such seeing hadst thou, as it once befell



to dian, queen of earth, and heaven, and hell.





ode to may. fragment


mother of hermes! and still youthful maia!



may i sing to thee



as thou wast hymned on the shores of baiae?



or may i woo thee



in earlier sicilian? or thy smiles



seek as they once were sought, in grecian isles,



by bards who died content in pleasant sward,



leaving great verse unto a little clan?



o, give me their old vigour, and unheard



10

save of the quiet primrose, and the span



of heaven and few ears,



rounded by thee, my song should die away



content as theirs,



rich in the simple worship of a day.





acrostic


give me your patience, sister, while i frame



exact in capitals your golden name,



or sue the fair apollo, and he will



rouse from his heavy slumber and instill



great love in me for thee and poesy.



imagine not that greatest mastery



and kingdom over all the realms of verse



nears more to heaven in aught than when we nurse,



and surety give, to love and brotherhood.



10

anthropophagi in othello’s mood,



ulysses stormed, and his enchanted belt



glow with the muse, but they are never felt



unbosomed so and so eternal made,



such tender incense in their laurel shade,



to all the regent sisters of the nine,



as this poor offering to you, sister mine.



kind sister! ay, this third name says you are.



enchanted has it been the lord knows where.



and may it taste to you like good old wine,



20

take you to real happiness and give



sons, daughters and a home like honeyed hive.





‘sweet, sweet is the greeting of eyes’


sweet, sweet is the greeting of eyes,



and sweet is the voice in its greeting,



when adieus have grown old and goodbyes



fade away where old time is retreating.



warm the nerve of a welcoming hand,



and earnest a kiss on the brow,



when we meet over sea and o’er land



where furrows are new to the plough.





on visiting the tomb of burns


the town, the churchyard, and the setting sun,



the clouds, the trees, the rounded hills all seem,



though beautiful, cold – strange – as in a dream



i dreamed long ago. now new begun



the short-lived, paly summer is but won



from winter’s ague, for one hour’s gleam;



through sapphire-warm, their stars do never beam –



all is cold beauty; pain is never done



for who has mind to relish, minos-wise,



10

the real of beauty, free from that dead hue



fickly imagination and sick pride



cast wan upon it! burns! with honour due



i have oft honoured thee. great shadow, hide



thy face! i sin against thy native skies.





‘old meg she was a gipsy’


old meg she was a gipsy,



and lived upon the moors,



her bed it was the brown heath turf,



and her house was out of doors.



her apples were swart blackberries,



her currants pods o’ broom,



her wine was dew o’ the wild white rose,



her book a churchyard tomb.



her brothers were the craggy hills,



10

her sisters larchen trees –



alone with her great family



she lived as she did please.



no breakfast had she many a morn,



no dinner many a noon,



and ’stead of supper she would stare



full hard against the moon.



but every morn of woodbine fresh



she made her garlanding,



and every night the dark glen yew



20

she wove, and she would sing.



and with her fingers old and brown



she plaited mats o’ rushes,



and gave them to the cottagers



she met among the bushes.



old meg was brave as margaret queen



and tall as amazon,



an old red blanket cloak she wore,



a chip-hat had she on.



god rest her aged bones somewhere –



30

she died full long agone!





a song about myself


i



there was a naughty boy,



a naughty boy was he,



he would not stop at home,



he could not quiet be –



he took



in his knapsack



a book



full of vowels



and a shirt



10

with some towels –



a slight cap



for night-cap –



a hair brush,



comb ditto,



new stockings,



for old ones



would split o!



this knapsack



tight at’s back



20

he rivetted close



and followed his nose



to the north,



to the north,



and followed his nose



to the north.



ii



there was a naughty boy



and a naughty boy was he,



for nothing would he do



but scribble poetry –



30

he took



an inkstand



in his hand



and a pen



big as ten



in the other



and away



in a pother



he ran



to the mountains



40

and fountains



and ghostes



and postes



and witches



and ditches,



and wrote



in his coat



when the weather



was cool –



fear of gout –



50

and without



when the weather



was warm.



och, the charm



when we choose



to follow one’s nose



to the north,



to the north,



to follow one’s nose



to the north!



iii



60

there was a naughty boy



and a naughty bo was he



he kept little fishes



in washing tubs three



in spite



of the might



of the maid,



nor afraid



of his granny-good,



he often would



70

hurly burly



get up early



and go,



by hook or crook,



to the brook



and bring home



miller’s thumb,



tittlebat



not over fat,



minnows small



80

as the stall



of a glove



not above



the size



of a nice



little baby’s



little finger –



o he made



(’twas his trade)



of fish a pretty kettle,



90

a kettle –



a kettle,



of fish a pretty kettle,



a kettle!



iv



there was a naughty boy,



and a naughty boy was he,



he ran away to scotland



the people for to see –



there he found



that the ground



100

was as hard,



that a yard



was as long,



that a song



was as merry,



that a cherry



was as red,



that lead



was as weighty,



that fourscore



110

was as eighty,



that a door



was as wooden



as in england –



so he stood in his shoes



and he wondered,



he wondered,



he stood in his



shoes and he wondered.





‘ah! ken ye what i met the day’


ah! ken ye what i met the day



out oure the mountains,



a-coming down by craggis grey



an mossie fountains?



ah! goud-haired marie yeve i pray



ane minute’s guessing,



for that i met upon the way



is past expressing.



as i stood where a rocky brig



10

a torrent crosses,



i spied upon a misty rig



a troup o’ horses –



and as they trotted down the glen



i sped to meet them



to see if i might know the men



to stop and greet them.



first willie on his sleek mare came



at canting gallop –



his long hair rustled like a flame



20

on board a shallop.



then came his brother rab and then



young peggy’s mither



and peggy too – adown the glen



they went togither.



i saw her wrappit in her hood



fra wind and raining –



her cheek was flush wi’ timid blood



twixt growth and waning.



she turn’d her dazed head full oft



30

for thence her brithers



came riding with her bridegroom soft



an mony ithers.



young tam came up an’ eyed me quick



with reddened cheek.



braw tam was daffed like a chick –



he could na speak.



ah! marie they are all gane hame



through blustering weather,



an’ every heart is full on flame



40

an’ light as feather.



ah! marie they are all gone hame



fra happy wedding,



whilst i – ah! is it not a shame? –



sad tears am shedding.





to ailsa rock


hearken, thou craggy ocean pyramid!



give answer by thy voice, the sea-fowls’ screams!



when were thy shoulders mantled in huge streams?



when from the sun was thy broad forehead hid?



how long is’t since the mighty power bid



thee heave to airy sleep from fathom dreams?



sleep in the lap of thunder or sunbeams,



or when grey clouds are thy cold coverlid?



thou answer’st not; for thou art dead asleep.



10

thy life is but two dead eternities –



the last in air, the former in the deep,



first with the whales, last with the eagle-skies.



drowned wast thou till an earthquake made thee steep,



another cannot wake thy giant size!





‘this mortal body of a thousand days’


this mortal body of a thousand days



now fills, o burns, a space in thine own room,



where thou didst dream alone on budded bays,



happy and thoughtless of thy day of doom!



my pulse is warm with thine own barley-bree,



my head is light with pledging a great soul,



my eyes are wandering, and i cannot see,



fancy is dead and drunken at its goal:



yet can i stamp my foot upon thy floor,



10

yet can i ope thy window-sash to find



the meadow thou hast tramped o’er and o’er,



yet can i think of thee till thought is blind,



yet can i gulp a bumper to thy name –



o smile among the shades, for this is fame!





‘all gentle folks who owe a grudge’


all gentle folks who owe a grudge



to any living thing,



open your ears and stay your trudge



whilst i in dudgeon sing.



the gad-fly he hath stung me sore –



o may he ne’er sting you!



but we have many a horrid bore



he may sting black and blue.



has any here an old grey mare



10

with three legs all her store?



o put it to her buttocks bare



and straight she’ll run on four.



has any here a lawyer suit



of 1743?



take lawyer’s nose and put it to ’t



and you the end will see.



is there a man in parliament



dumbfoundered in his speech?



o let his neighbour make a rent



20

and put one in his breech.



o lowther, how much better thou



hadst figured t’other day,



when to the folks thou mad’st a bow



and hadst no more to say,



if lucky gad-fly had but ta’en



his seat upon thine arse,



and put thee to a little pain



to save thee from a worse.



better than southey it had been,



30

better than mr d—,



better than wordsworth too, i ween,



better than mr v—.



forgive me pray, good people all,



for deviating so.



in spirit sure i had a call –



and now i on will go.



has any here a daughter fair



too fond of reading novels,



too apt to fall in love with care



40

and charming mister lovels?



0 put a gad-fly to that thing



she keeps so white and pert –



i mean the finger for the ring,



and it will breed a wert.



has any here a pious spouse



who seven times a day



scolds as king david prayed, to chouse



and have her holy way?



0 let a gad-fly’s little sting



50

persuade her sacred tongue



that noises are a common thing,



but that her bell has rung.



and as this is the summum bo-



num of all conquering,



i leave withouten wordes mo



the gad-fly’s little sting.





‘of late two dainties were before me placed’


of late two dainties were before me placed,



sweet, holy, pure, sacred and innocent,



from the ninth sphere benignly sent



that gods might know my own particular taste.



first the soft bagpipe mourned with zealous haste,



the stranger next, with head on bosom bent,



sighed; rueful again the piteous bagpipe went,



again the stranger sighings fresh did waste.



o bagpipe, thou didst steal my heart away –



10

o stranger, thou my nerves from pipe didst charm –



o bagpipe, thou didst re-assert thy sway –



again, thou stranger gav’st me fresh alarm!



alas! i could not choose. ah! my poor heart,



mumchance art thou with both obliged to part.





lines written in the highlands after a visit to burns’s country


there is a joy in footing slow across a silent plain,



where patriot battle has been fought when glory had the gain;



there is a pleasure on the heath where druids old have been,



where mantles grey have rustled by and swept the nettles green;



there is a joy in every spot made known by times of old,



new to the feet, although the tale a hundred times be told;



there is a deeper joy than all, more solemn in the heart,



more parching to the tongue than all, of more divine a smart,



when weary steps forget themselves upon a pleasant turf,



10

upon hot sand, or flinty road, or sea-shore iron scurf,



toward the castle or the cot, where long ago was born



one who was great through mortal days, and died of fame unshorn.



light heather-bells may tremble then, but they are far away;



wood-lark may sing from sandy fern, the sun may hear his lay;



runnels may kiss the grass on shelves and shallows clear,



but their low voices are not heard, though come on travels drear;



blood-red the sun may set behind black mountain peaks;



blue tides may sluice and drench their time in caves and weedy creeks;



eagles may seem to sleep wing-wide upon the air;



20

ring-doves may fly convulsed across to some high-cedared lair;



but the forgotten eye is still fast wedded to the ground,



as palmer’s that, with weariness, mid-desert shrine hath found.



at such a time the soul’s a child, in childhood is the brain;



forgotten is the worldly heart – alone, it beats in vain.



ay, if a madman could have leave to pass a healthful day



to tell his forehead’s swoon and faint when first began decay,



he might make tremble many a man whose spirit had gone forth



to find a bard’s low cradle-place about the silent north!



scanty the hour and few the steps beyond the bourn of care,



30

beyond the sweet and bitter world – beyond it unaware;



scanty the hour and few the steps, because a longer stay



would bar return, and make a man forget his mortal way.



o horrible! to lose the sight of well-remembered face,



of brother’s eyes, of sister’s brow, constant to every place,



filling the air, as on we move, with portraiture intense,



more warm than those heroic tints that fill a painter’s sense,



when shapes of old come striding by, and visages of old,



locks shining black, hair scanty grey, and passions manifold.



no, no, that horror cannot be, for at the cable’s length



40

man feels the gentle anchor pull and gladdens in its strength –



one hour, half-idiot, he stands by mossy waterfall,



but in the very next he reads his soul’s memorial.



he reads it on the mountain’s height, where chance he may sit down



upon rough marble diadem, that hill’s eternal crown.



yet be the anchor e’er so fast, room is there for a prayer.



that man may never lose his mind on mountains bleak and bare;



that he may stray league after league some great birth-place to find,



and keep his vision clear from speck, his inward sight unblind.





on visiting staffa


not aladdin magian



ever such a work began;



not the wizard of the dee



ever such a dream could see;



not st john, in patmos’ isle,



in the passion of his toil,



when he saw the churches seven,



golden aisled, built up in heaven,



gazed at such a rugged wonder.



10

as i stood its roofing under,



lo! i saw one sleeping there,



on the marble cold and bare



while the surges wash’d his feet,



and his garments white did beat



drenched about the sombre rocks.



on his neck his well-grown locks,



lifted dry above the main



were upon the curl again.



‘what is this? and what art thou?’



20

whispered i, and touched his brow.



‘what art thou? and what is this?’



whispered i, and strove to kiss



the spirit’s hand, to wake his eyes.



up he started in a trice:



‘i am lycidas,’ said he,



‘famed in funeral minstrelsy!



this was architected thus



by the great oceanus! –



here his mighty waters play



30

hollow organs all the day;



here by turns his dolphins all,



finny palmers great and small,



come to pay devotion due –



each a mouth of pearls must strew.



many a mortal of these days,



dares to pass our sacred ways,



dares to touch audaciously



this cathedral of the sea!



i have been the pontiff-priest



40

where the waters never rest,



where a fledgy sea-bird choir



soars for ever; holy fire



i have hid from mortal man;



proteus is my sacristan.



but the dulled eye of mortal



hath passed beyond the rocky portal;



so for ever will i leave



such a taint, and soon unweave



all the magic of the place.



50

’tis now free to stupid face,



to cutters and to fashion boats,



to cravats and to petticoats.



the great sea shall war it down,



for its fame shall not be blown



at every farthing quadrille dance.’



so saying, with a spirit’s glance



he dived…





‘read me a lesson, muse, and speak it loud’


read me a lesson, muse, and speak it loud



upon the top of nevis, blind in mist!



i look into the chasms, and a shroud



vapourous doth hide them; just so much i wist



mankind do know of hell. i look o’erhead,



and there is sullen mist; even so much



mankind can tell of heaven. mist is spread



before the earth, beneath me – even such,



even so vague is man’s sight of himself.



10

here are the craggy stones beneath my feet –



thus much i know, that, a poor witless elf,



i tread on them, that all my eye doth meet



is mist and crag, not only on this height,



but in the world of thought and mental might.





‘upon my life, sir nevis, i am piqued’


mrs c.



upon my life, sir nevis, i am piqued

that i have so far panted tugged and reeked

to do an honour to your old bald pate

and now am sitting on you just to bate,

without your paying me one compliment.

alas, ’tis so with all, when our intent

is plain, and in the eye of all mankind

we fair ones show a preference, too blind!

you gentlemen immediately turn tail –

10 o let me then my hapless fate bewail!

ungrateful baldpate, have i not disdained

the pleasant valleys, have i not, mad-brained,

deserted all my pickles and preserves,

my china closet too – with wretched nerves

to boot – say, wretched ingrate, have i not

left my soft cushion chair and caudle pot?

’tis true i had no corns – no! thank the fates,

my shoemaker was always mr bates.

and if not mr bates, why i’m not old!

20 still dumb, ungrateful nevis – still so cold!

(here the lady took some more whiskey and was putting even more to her lips when she dashed [it] to the ground for the mountain began to grumble – which continued for a few minutes, before he thus began,)



ben nevis



what whining bit of tongue and mouth thus dares

disturb my slumber of a thousand years?

even so long my sleep has been secure –

and to be so awaked i’ll not endure.

o, pain! – for since the eagle’s earliest scream

i’ve had a damned confounded ugly dream,

a nightmare sure. what, madam, was it you?

it cannot be! my old eyes are not true!

red crag, my spectacles! now let me see!

30 good heavens, lady, how the gemini

did you get here? o i shall split my sides!

i shall earthquake –

mrs c.



sweet nevis, do not quake, for though i love

your honest countenance all things above,

truly i should not like to be conveyed

so far into your bosom – gentle maid

loves not too rough a treatment, gentle sir –

pray thee be calm and do not quake nor stir,

no, not a stone, or i shall go in fits –

ben nevis.



40 i must – i shall! i meet not such tit-bits –

i meet not such sweet creatures every day!

by my old night-cap, night-cap night and day,

i must have one sweet buss – i must and shall!

red crag! – what, madam, can you then repent

of all the toil and vigour you have spent

to see ben nevis and to touch his nose?

red crag, i say! o i must have you close!

red crag, there lies beneath my farthest toe

a vein of sulphur – go, dear red crag, go –

50 and rub your flinty back against it. budge!

dear madam, i must kiss you, faith i must!

i must embrace you with my dearest gust!

blockhead, d’ye hear – blockhead, i’ll make her feel –

there lies beneath my east leg’s northern heel

a cave of young earth dragons – well, my boy,

go thither quick and so complete my joy.

take you a bundle of the largest pines

and, where the sun on fiercest phosphor shines,

fire them and ram them in the dragons’ nest,

60 then will the dragons fry and fizz their best,

until ten thousand now no bigger than

poor alligators – poor things of one span –

will each one swell to twice ten times the size

of northern whale. then for the tender prize –

the moment then – for then will red crag rub

his flinty back – and i shall kiss and snub

and press my dainty morsel to my breast.

blockhead, make haste!

o muses weep the rest –



the lady fainted, and he thought her dead,

70 so pulled the clouds again about his head,

and went to sleep again – soon she was roused

by her affrighted servants. next day housed

safe on the lowly ground she blessed her fate

that fainting fit was not delayed too late.





stanzas on some skulls in beauly abbey, near inverness


‘i shed no tears;

deep thought, or awful vision, i had none;

by thousand petty fancies i was crossed.’

wordsworth



‘and mocked the dead bones that lay scattered by’

shakespeare

[written in collaboration with charles brown. keats’s contributions are given in roman type.]



i



in silent barren synod met,



within those roofless walls where yet



the shafted arch and carved fret



cling to the ruin,



the brethren’s skulls mourn, dewy wet,



their creed’s undoing.



ii



the mitred ones of nice and trent



were not so tongue-tied – no, they went



hot to their councils, scarce content



10

with orthodoxy;



but ye, poor tongueless things, were meant



to speak by proxy.



iii



your chronicles no more exist,



since knox, the revolutionist,



destroyed the work of every fist



that scrawled black letter.



well! i’m a craniologist



and may do better.



iv



this skull-cap wore the cowl from sloth



20

or discontent, perhaps from both,



and yet one day, against his oath,



he tried escaping,



for men, though idle, may be loth



to live on gaping.



v



a toper this! he plied his glass



more strictly than he said the mass,



and loved to see a tempting lass



come to confession,



letting her absolution pass



30

o’er fresh transgression.



vi



this crawled through life in feebleness,



boasting he never knew excess,



cursing those crimes he scarce could guess,



or feel but faintly,



with prayers that heaven would come to bless



men so unsaintly.



vii



here’s a true churchman! he’d affect



much charity, and ne’er neglect



to pray for mercy on th’ elect,



40

but thought no evil



in sending heathen, turk and sect



all to the devil!



viii



poor skull, thy fingers set ablaze,



with silver saint in golden rays,



the holy missal. thou didst craze



‘mid bead and spangle,



while others passed their idle days



in coil and wrangle.



ix



long time this sconce a helmet wore,



50

but sickness smites the conscience sore;



he broke his sword, and hither bore



his gear and plunder,



took to the cowl – then raved and swore



at his damned blunder!



χ



this lily-coloured skull, with all



the teeth complete, so white and small,



belonged to one whose early pall



a lover shaded;



he died ere superstition’s gall



60

his heart invaded.



xi



ha! here is ‘undivulged crime!’



despair forbade his soul to climb



beyond this world, this mortal time



of fevered sadness,



until their monkish pantomime



dazzled his madness!



xii



a younger brother this! a man



aspiring as a tartar khan,



but, curbed and baffled, he began



70

the trade of frightening.



it smacked of power! – and here he ran



to deal heaven’s lightning.



xiii



this idiot-skull belonged to one,



a buried miser’s only son,



who, penitent, ere he’d begun



to taste of pleasure,



and hoping heaven’s dread wrath to shun,



gave hell his treasure.



xiv



here is the forehead of an ape,



80

a robber’s mark – and near the nape



that bone, fie on’t, bears just the shape



of carnal passion;



ah! he was one for theft and rape,



in monkish fashion!



xv



this was the porter! – he could sing,



or dance, or play, do anything,



and what the friars bade him bring,



they ne’er were balked of



(matters not worth remembering



90

and seldom talked of).



xvi



enough! why need i further pore?



this corner holds at least a score,



and yonder twice as many more



of reverend brothers;



’tis the same story o’er and o’er –



they’re like the others!





translated from ronsard


nature withheld cassandra in the skies,



for more adornment, a full thousand years;



she took their cream of beauty, fairest dyes,



and shaped and tinted her above all peers:



meanwhile love kept her dearly with his wings,



and underneath their shadow filled her eyes



with such a richness that the cloudy kings



of high olympus uttered slavish sighs.



when from the heavens i saw her first descend,



10

my heart took fire, and only burning pains…



they were my pleasures – they my life’s sad end;



love poured her beauty into my warm veins….





‘’tis “the witching time of night” ’


’tis ‘the witching time of night’,



orbed is the moon and bright,



and the stars they glisten, glisten,



seeming with bright eyes to listen –



for what listen they?



for a song and for a charm,



see they glisten in alarm,



and the moon is waxing warm



to hear what i shall say.



10

moon! keep wide thy golden ears –



hearken, stars! and hearken, spheres!



hearken, thou eternal sky!



i sing an infant’s lullaby,



a pretty lullaby.



listen, listen, listen, listen,



glisten, glisten, glisten, glisten,



and hear my lullaby!



though the rushes that will make



its cradle still are in the lake;



20

though the linen then that will be



its swathe, is on the cotton tree;



though the woollen that will keep



it warm is on the silly sheep –



listen, stars’ light, listen, listen,



glisten, glisten, glisten, glisten,



and hear my lullaby!



child, i see thee! child, i’ve found thee



midst of the quiet all around thee!



child, i see thee! child, i spy thee!



30

and thy mother sweet is nigh thee!



child, i know thee! child no more,



but a poet evermore!



see, see, the lyre, the lyre,



in a flame of fire,



upon the little cradle’s top



flaring, flaring, flaring,



past the eyesight’s bearing.



awake it from its sleep,



and see if it can keep



40

its eyes upon the blaze –



amaze, amaze!



it stares, it stares, it stares,



it dares what no one dares!



it lifts its little hand into the flame



unharmed, and on the strings



paddles a little tune, and sings,



with dumb endeavour sweetly –



bard art thou completely!



little child



50

o’ th’ western wild,



bard art thou completely!



sweetly with dumb endeavour,



a poet now or never,



little child



o’ the western wild,



a poet now or never!





‘welcome joy, and welcome sorrow’


‘under the flag

of each his faction, they to battle bring

their embryon atoms.’





milton



welcome joy, and welcome sorrow,



lethe’s weed and hermes’ feather;



come today, and come tomorrow,



i do love you both together!



i love to mark sad faces in fair weather,



and hear a merry laugh amid the thunder.



fair and foul i love together:



meadows sweet where flames burn under,



and a giggle at a wonder;



10

visage sage at pantomime;



funeral, and steeple-chime;



infant playing with a skull;



morning fair, and stormwrecked hull;



nightshade with the woodbine kissing;



serpents in red roses hissing;



cleopatra regal-dressed



with the aspics at her breast



dancing music, music sad,



both together, sane and mad;



20

muses bright and muses pale;



sombre saturn, momus hale.



laugh and sigh, and laugh again –



o the sweetness of the pain!



muses bright, and muses pale,



bare your faces of the veil!



let me see! and let me write



of the day and of the night –



both together. let me slake



all my thirst for sweet heart-ache!



30

let my bower be of yew,



interwreathed with myrtles new,



pines and lime-trees full in bloom,



and my couch a low grass tomb.





song


i



spirit here that reignest!



spirit here that painest!



spirit here that burnest!



spirit here that mournest!



spirit! i bow



my forehead low,



enshaded with thy pinions!



spirit! i look



all passion-struck



10

into thy pale dominions!



ii



spirit here that laughest!



spirit there that quaffest!



spirit here that dancest!



noble soul that prancest!



spirit! with thee



i join in the glee,



a-nudging the elbow of momus!



spirit! i flush



with a bacchanal blush



20

just fresh from the banquet of comus.





‘where’s the poet? show him, show him’


where’s the poet? show him! show him,



muses nine, that i may know him!



’tis the man who with a man



is an equal, be he king,



or poorest of the beggar-clan,



or any other wondrous thing



a man may be ’twixt ape and plato.



’tis the man who with a bird,



wren or eagle, finds his way to



10

all its instincts. he hath heard



the lion’s roaring, and can tell



what his horny throat expresseth,



and to him the tiger’s yell



comes articulate and presseth



on his ear like mother-tongue…





fragment of the ‘castle builder’


castle builder



in short, convince you that however wise

you may have grown from convent libraries,

i have, by many yards at least, been carding

a longer skein of wit in convent garden.

bernardine



a very eden that same place must be!

pray what demesne? whose lordship’s legacy?

what, have you convents in that gothic isle?

pray pardon me, i cannot help but smile.

castle builder



sir, convent garden is a monstrous beast:

10 from morning, four o’clock, to twelve at noon,

it swallows cabbages without a spoon,

and then, from twelve till two, this eden made is

a promenade for cooks and ancient ladies;

and then for supper, ‘stead of soup and poaches,

it swallows chairmen, damns, and hackney coaches.

in short, sir, ’tis a very place for monks,

for it containeth twenty thousand punks,

which any man may number for his sport,

by following fat elbows up a court…

20 in such like nonsense would i pass an hour

with random friar, or rake upon his tour,

or one of few of that imperial host

who came unmaimed from the russian frost.

to-night i’ll have my friar – let me think

about my room – i’ll have it in the pink.

it should be rich and sombre, and the moon,

just in its mid-life in the midst of june,

should look through four large windows and display

clear, but for golden fishes in the way,

30 their glassy diamonding on turkish floor.

the tapers keep aside, an hour and more,

to see what else the moon alone can show;

while the night-breeze doth softly let us know

my terrace is well bowered with oranges.

upon the floor the dullest spirit sees

a guitar-ribband and a lady’s glove

beside a crumple-leaved tale of love;

a tambour-frame, with venus sleeping there,

all finished but some ringlets of her hair;

40 a viol, bowstrings torn, cross-wise upon

a glorious folio of anacreon;

a skull upon a mat of roses lying,

inked purple with a song concerning dying;

an hour-glass on the turn, amid the trails

of passion-flower – just in time there sails

a cloud across the moon – the lights bring in!

and see what more my fantasy can win.

it is a gorgeous room, but somewhat sad;

the draperies are so, as though they had

50 been made for cleopatra’s winding-sheet;

and opposite the steadfast eye doth meet

a spacious looking-glass, upon whose face,

in letters raven-sombre, you may trace

old ‘mene, mene, tekel, upharsin’.

greek busts and statuary have ever been

held, by the finest spirits, fitter far

than vase grotesque and siamesian jar;

therefore ’tis sure a want of attic taste

that i should rather love a gothic waste

60 of eyesight on cinque-coloured potter’s clay,

than on the marble fairness of old greece.

my table-coverlets of jason’s fleece

and black numidian sheep-wool should be wrought,

gold, black, and heavy, from the lama brought.

my ebon sofa should delicious be

with down from leda’s cygnet progeny.

my pictures all salvator’s, save a few

of titian’s portraiture, and one, though new,

of haydon’s in its fresh magnificence.

70 my wine – o good! ’tis here at my desire,

and i must sit to supper with my friar.





‘and what is love? it is a doll dressed up’


and what is love? it is a doll dressed up



for idleness to cosset, nurse, and dandle;



a thing of soft misnomers, so divine



that silly youth doth think to make itself



divine by loving, and so goes on



yawning and doting a whole summer long,



till miss’s comb is made a pearl tiara,



and common wellingtons turn romeo boots;



till cleopatra lives at number seven,



10

and antony resides in brunswick square.



fools! if some passions high have warmed the world,



if queens and soldiers have played deep for hearts,



it is no reason why such agonies



should be more common than the growth of weeds.



fools! make me whole again that weighty pearl



the queen of egypt melted, and i’ll say



that ye may love in spite of beaver hats.





hyperion. a fragment


book i



deep in the shady sadness of a vale



far sunken from the healthy breath of morn,



far from the fiery noon, and eve’s one star,



sat grey-haired saturn, quiet as a stone,



still as the silence round about his lair;



forest on forest hung above his head



like cloud on cloud. no stir of air was there,



not so much life as on a summer’s day



robs not one light seed from the feathered grass,



10

but where the dead leaf fell, there did it rest.



a stream went voiceless by, still deadened more



by reason of his fallen divinity



spreading a shade: the naiad ’mid her reeds



pressed her cold finger closer to her lips.



along the margin-sand large foot-marks went,



no further than to where his feet had strayed,



and slept there since. upon the sodden ground



his old right hand lay nerveless, listless, dead,



unsceptred; and his realmless eyes were closed;



20

while his bowed head seemed listening to the earth,



his ancient mother, for some comfort yet.



it seemed no force could wake him from his place;



but there came one, who with a kindred hand



touched his wide shoulders, after bending low



with reverence, though to one who knew it not.



she was a goddess of the infant world;



by her in stature the tall amazon



had stood a pigmy’s height: she would have ta’en



achilles by the hair and bent his neck;



30

or with a finger stayed ixion’s wheel.



her face was large as that of memphian sphinx,



pedestalled haply in a palace court,



when sages looked to egypt for their lore.



but o! how unlike marble was that face,



how beautiful, if sorrow had not made



sorrow more beautiful than beauty’s self.



there was a listening fear in her regard,



as if calamity had but begun;



as if the vanward clouds of evil days



40

had spent their malice, and the sullen rear



was with its stored thunder labouring up.



one hand she pressed upon that aching spot



where beats the human heart, as if just there,



though an immortal, she felt cruel pain;



the other upon saturn’s bended neck



she laid, and to the level of his ear



leaning with parted lips, some words she spake



in solemn tenor and deep organ tone –



some mourning words, which in our feeble tongue



50

would come in these like accents (o how frail



to that large utterance of the early gods!):



‘saturn, look up! – though wherefore, poor old king?



i have no comfort for thee, no, not one:



i cannot say, “o wherefore sleepest thou?”



for heaven is parted from thee, and the earth



knows thee not, thus afflicted, for a god;



and ocean too, with all its solemn noise,



has from thy sceptre passed; and all the air



is emptied of thine hoary majesty.



60

thy thunder, conscious of the new command,



rumbles reluctant o’er our fallen house;



and thy sharp lightning in unpractised hands



scorches and burns our once serene domain.



o aching time! o moments big as years!



all as ye pass swell out the monstrous truth,



and press it so upon our weary griefs



that unbelief has not a space to breathe.



saturn, sleep on – o thoughtless, why did i



thus violate thy slumbrous solitude?



70

why should i ope thy melancholy eyes?



saturn, sleep on, while at thy feet i weep!’



as when, upon a tranced summer-night,



those green-robed senators of mighty woods,



tall oaks, branch-charmed by the earnest stars,



dream, and so dream all night without a stir,



save from one gradual solitary gust



which comes upon the silence, and dies off,



as if the ebbing air had but one wave;



so came these words and went; the while in tears



80

she touched her fair large forehead to the ground,



just where her falling hair might be outspread



a soft and silken mat for saturn’s feet.



one moon, with alteration slow, had shed



her silver seasons four upon the night,



and still these two were postured motionless,



like natural sculpture in cathedral cavern;



the frozen god still couchant on the earth,



and the sad goddess weeping at his feet:



until at length old saturn lifted up



90

his faded eyes, and saw his kingdom gone,



and all the gloom and sorrow of the place,



and that fair kneeling goddess; and then spake,



as with a palsied tongue, and while his beard



hook horrid with such aspen-maady:



‘o tender spouse of gold hyperion,



thea, i feel thee ere i see thy face;



look up, and let me see our doom in it;



look up, and tell me if this feeble shape



is saturn’s; tell me, if thou hear’st the voice



100

of saturn; tell me, if this wrinkling brow,



naked and bare of its great diadem,



peers like the front of saturn. who had power



to make me desolate? whence came the strength?



how was it nurtured to such bursting forth,



while fate seemed strangled in my nervous grasp?



but it is so; and i am smothered up,



and buried from all godlike exercise



of influence benign on planets pale,



of admonitions to the winds and seas,



110

of peaceful sway above man’s harvesting,



and all those acts which deity supreme



doth ease its heart of love in. – i am gone



away from my own bosom; i have left



my strong identity, my real self,



somewhere between the throne and where i sit



here on this spot of earth. search, thea, search!



open thine eyes eterne, and sphere them round



upon all space – space starred, and lorn of light;



space regioned with life-air; and barren void;



120

spaces of fire, and all the yawn of hell.



search, thea, search! and tell me, if thou seest



a certain shape or shadow, making way



with wings or chariot fierce to repossess



a heaven he lost erewhile: it must – it must



be of ripe progress: saturn must be king.



yes, there must be a golden victory;



there must be gods thrown down, and trumpets blown



of triumph calm, and hymns of festival



upon the gold clouds metropolitan,



130

voices of soft proclaim, and silver stir



of strings in hollow shells; and there shall be



beautiful things made new, for the surprise



of the sky-children. i will give command:



thea! thea! thea! where is saturn?’



this passion lifted him upon his feet,



and made his hands to struggle in the air,



his druid locks to shake and ooze with sweat,



his eyes to fever out, his voice to cease.



he stood, and heard not thea’s sobbing deep;



140

a little time, and then again he snatched



utterance thus: ‘but cannot i create?



cannot i form? cannot i fashion forth



another world, another universe,



to overbear and crumble this to naught?



where is another chaos? where?’ – that word



found way unto olympus, and made quake



the rebel three. thea was startled up,



and in her bearing was a sort of hope,



as thus she quick-voiced spake, yet full of awe.



150

‘this cheers our fallen house: come to our friends,



o saturn! come away, and give them heart.



i know the covert, for thence came i hither.’



thus brief; then with beseeching eyes she went



with backward footing through the shade a space:



he followed, and she turned to lead the way



through aged boughs, that yielded like the mist



which eagles cleave up-mounting from their nest.



meanwhile in other realms big tears were shed,



more sorrow like to this, and such like woe,



160

too huge for mortal tongue or pen of scribe.



the titans fierce, self-hid, or prison-bound,



groaned for the old allegiance once more,



and listened in sharp pain for saturn’s voice.



but one of the whole mammoth-brood still kept



his sovereignty, and rule, and majesty –



blazing hyperion on his orbed fire



still sat, still snuffed the incense, teeming up



from man to the sun’s god – yet unsecure:



for as among us mortals omens drear



170

fright and perplex, so also shuddered he –



not at dog’s howl, or gloom-bird’s hated screech,



or the familiar visiting of one



upon the first toll of his passing-bell,



or prophesyings of the midnight lamp;



but horrors, portioned to a giant nerve,



oft made hyperion ache. his palace bright



bastioned with pyramids of glowing gold,



and touched with shade of bronzed obelisks,



glared a blood-red through all its thousand courts,



180

arches, and domes, and fiery galleries;



and all its curtains of aurorian clouds



flushed angerly, while sometimes eagle’s wings,



unseen before by gods or wondering men,



darkened the place, and neighing steeds were heard,



not heard before by gods or wondering men.



also, when he would taste the spicy wreaths



of incense, breathed aloft from sacred hills,



instead of sweets, his ample palate took



savour of poisonous brass and metal sick:



190

and so, when harboured in the sleepy west,



after the full completion of fair day,



for rest divine upon exalted couch



and slumber in the arms of melody,



he paced away the pleasant hours of ease



with stride colossal, on from hall to hall;



while far within each aisle and deep recess,



his winged minions in close clusters stood,



amazed and full of fear; like anxious men



who on wide plains gather in panting troops,



200

when earthquakes jar their battlements and towers.



even now, while saturn, roused from icy trance,



went step for step with thea through the woods,



hyperion, leaving twilight in the rear,



came slope upon the threshold of the west;



then, as was wont, his palace-door flew ope



in smoothest silence, save what solemn tubes,



blown by the serious zephyrs, gave of sweet



and wandering sounds, slow-breathed melodies –



and like a rose in vermeil tint and shape,



210

in fragrance soft, and coolness to the eye,



that inlet to severe magnificence



stood full blown, for the god to enter in.



he entered, but he entered full of wrath;



his flaming robes streamed out beyond his heels,



and gave a roar, as if of earthly fire,



that scared away the meek ethereal hours



and made their dove-wings tremble. on he flared,



from stately nave to nave, from vault to vault,



through bowers of fragrant and enwreathed light,



220

and diamond-paved lustrous long arcades,



until he reached the great main cupola.



there standing fierce beneath, he stamped his foot,



and from the basement deep to the high towers



jarred his own golden region; and before



the quavering thunder thereupon had ceased,



his voice leapt out, despite of god-like curb,



to this result: ‘o dreams of day and night!



o monstrous forms! o effigies of pain!



o spectres busy in a cold, cold gloom!



230

o lank-eared phantoms of black-weeded pools!



why do i know ye? why have i seen ye? why



is my eternal essence thus distraught



to see and to behold these horrors new?



saturn is fallen, am i too to fall?



am i to leave this haven of my rest,



this cradle of my glory, this soft clime,



this calm luxuriance of blissful light,



these crystalline pavilions, and pure fanes,



of all my lucent empire? it is left



240

deserted, void, nor any haunt of mine.



the blaze, the splendour, and the symmetry,



i cannot see – but darkness, death and darkness.



even here, into my centre of repose,



the shady visions come to domineer,



insult, and blind, and stifle up my pomp. –



fall! – no, by tellus and her briny robes!



over the fiery frontier of my realms



i will advance a terrible right arm



shall scare that infant thunderer, rebel jove,



250

and bid old saturn take his throne again.’ –



he spake, and ceased, the while a heavier threat



held struggle with his throat but came not forth;



for as in theatres of crowded men



hubbub increases more they call out ‘hush!’,



so at hyperion’s words the phantoms pale



bestirred themselves, thrice horrible and cold;



and from the mirrored level where he stood



a mist arose, as from a scummy marsh.



at this, through all his bulk an agony



260

crept gradual, from the feet unto the crown,



like a lithe serpent vast and muscular



making slow way, with head and neck convulsed



from over-strained might. released, he fled



to the eastern gates, and full six dewy hours



before the dawn in season due should blush,



he breathed fierce breath against the sleepy portals,



cleared them of heavy vapours, burst them wide



suddenly on the ocean’s chilly streams.



the planet orb of fire, whereon he rode



270

each day from east to west the heavens through,



spun round in sable curtaining of clouds;



not therefore veiled quite, blindfold, and hid,



but ever and anon the glancing spheres,



circles, and arcs, and broad-belting colure,



glowed through, and wrought upon the muffling dark



sweet-shaped lightnings from the nadir deep



up to the zenith – hieroglyphics old



which sages and keen-eyed astrologers



then living on the earth, with labouring thought



280

won from the gaze of many centuries –



now lost, save what we find on remnants huge



of stone, or marble swart, their import gone,



their wisdom long since fled. two wings this orb



possessed for glory, two fair argent wings,



ever exalted at the god’s approach:



and now, from forth the gloom their plumes immense



rose, one by one, till all outspreaded were;



while still the dazzling globe maintained eclipse,



awaiting for hyperion’s command.



290

fain would he have commanded, fain took throne



and bid the day begin, if but for change.



he might not. – no, though a primeval god:



the sacred seasons might not be disturbed.



therefore the operations of the dawn



stayed in their birth, even as here ’tis told.



those silver wings expanded sisterly,



eager to sail their orb; the porches wide



opened upon the dusk demesnes of night;



and the bright titan, frenzied with new woes,



300

unused to bend, by hard compulsion bent



his spirit to the sorrow of the time;



and all along a dismal rack of clouds,



upon the boundaries of day and night,



he stretched himself in grief and radiance faint.



there as he lay, the heaven with its stars



looked down on him with pity, and the voice



of coelus, from the universal space,



thus whispered low and solemn in his ear:



‘o brightest of my children dear, earth-born



310

and sky-engendered, son of mysteries



all unrevealed even to the powers



which met at thy creating; at whose joys



and palpitations sweet, and pleasures soft,



i, coelus, wonder how they came and whence;



and at the fruits thereof what shapes they be,



distinct, and visible – symbols divine,



maniestations of that beauteous life



diffused unseen throughout eternal space:



f these new-formed art thou, o brightest child!



320

of these, thy brethren and the goddesses!



here is sad feud among ye, and rebellion



of son against his sire. i saw him fall,



i saw my first-born tumbled from his throne!



to me his arms were spread, to me his voice



found way from forth the thunders round his head!



pale wox i, and in vapours hid my face.



art thou, too, near such doom? vague fear there is:



for i have seen my sons most unlike gods.



divine ye were created, and divine



330

in sad demeanour, solemn, undisturbed,



unruffled, like high gods, ye lived and ruled:



now i behold in you fear, hope, and wrath;



actions of rage and passion – even as



i see them, on the mortal world beneath,



in men who die. this is the grief, o son!



sad sign of ruin, sudden dismay, and fall!



yet do thou strive; as thou art capable,



as thou canst move about, an evident god;



and canst oppose to each malignant hour



340

ethereal presence. i am but a voice;



my life is but the life of winds and tides,



no more than winds and tides can i avail. –



but thou canst. – be thou therefore in the van



of circumstance; yea, seize the arrow’s barb



before the tense string murmur. – to the earth!



for there thou wilt find saturn, and his woes.



meantime i will keep watch on thy bright sun,



and of thy seasons be a careful nurse.’ –



ere half this region-whisper had come down,



350

hyperion arose, and on the stars



lifted his curved lids, and kept them wide



until it ceased; and still he kept them wide;



and still they were the same bright, patient stars.



then with a slow incline of his broad breast,



like to a diver in the pearly seas,



forward he stooped over the airy shore,



and plunged all noiseless into the deep night.



book ii



just at the self-same beat of time’s wide wings,



hyperion slid into the rustled air



and saturn gained with thea that sad place



where cybele and the bruised titans mourned.



it was a den where no insulting light



could glimmer on their tears; where their own groans



they felt, but heard not, for the solid roar



of thunderous waterfalls and torrents hoarse,



pouring a constant bulk, uncertain where.



10

crag jutting forth to crag, and rocks that seemed



ever as if just rising from a sleep,



forehead to forehead held their monstrous horns;



and thus in thousand hugest fantasies



made a fit roofing to this nest of woe.



instead of thrones, hard flint they sat upon,



couches of rugged stone, and slaty ridge



stubborned with iron. all were not assembled:



some chained in torture, and some wandering.



coeus, and gyges, and briareüs,



20

typhon, and dolor, and porphyrion,



with many more, the brawniest in assault,



were pent in regions of laborious breath;



dungeoned in opaque element, to keep



their clenched teeth still clenched, and all their limbs



locked up like veins of metal, cramped and screwed;



without a motion, save of their big hearts



heaving in pain, and horribly convulsed



with sanguine fev’rous boiling gurge of pulse.



mnemosyne was straying in the world;



30

far from her moon had phoebe wandered;



and many else were free to roam abroad,



but for the main, here found they covert drear.



scarce images of life, one here, one there,



lay vast and edgeways; like a dismal cirque



of druid stones, upon a forlorn moor,



when the chill rain begins at shut of eve,



in dull november, and their chancel vault,



the heaven itself, is blinded throughout night.



each one kept shroud, nor to his neighbour gave



40

or word, or look, or action of despair.



creüs was one; his ponderous iron mace



lay by him, and a shattered rib of rock



told of his rage, ere he thus sank and pined.



iäpetus another; in his grasp,



a serpent’s plashy neck; its barbed tongue



squeezed from the gorge, and all its uncurled length



dead – and because the creature could not spit



its poison in the eyes of conquering jove.



next cottus; prone he lay, chin uppermost,



50

as though in pain, for still upon the flint



he ground severe his skull, with open mouth



and eyes at horrid working. nearest him



asia, born of most enormous caf,



who cost her mother tellus keener pangs,



though feminine, than any of her sons:



more thought than woe was in her dusky face,



for she was prophesying of her glory;



and in her wide imagination stood



palm-shaded temples, and high rival fanes,



60

by oxus or in ganges’ sacred isles.



even as hope upon her anchor leans,



so leant she, not so fair, upon a tusk



shed from the broadest of her elephants.



above her, on a crag’s uneasy shelve,



upon his elbow raised, all prostrate else,



shadowed enceladus – once tame and mild



as grazing ox unworried in the meads;



now tiger-passioned, lion-thoughted, wroth,



he meditated, plotted, and even now



70

was hurling mountains in that second war,



not long delayed, that scared the younger gods



to hide themselves in forms of beast and bird.



not far hence atlas; and beside him prone



phorcus, the sire of gorgons. neighboured close



oceanus, and tethys, in whose lap



sobbed clymene among her tangled hair.



in midst of all lay themis, at the feet



of ops the queen all clouded round from sight;



no shape distinguishable, more than when



80

thick night confounds the pine-tops with the clouds –



and many else whose names may not be told.



for when the muse’s wings are air-ward spread,



who shall delay her flight? and she must chant



of saturn, and his guide, who now had climbed



with damp and slippery footing from a depth



more horrid still. above a sombre cliff



their heads appeared, and up their stature grew



till on the level height their steps found ease:



then thea spread abroad her trembling arms



90

upon the precincts of this nest of pain,



and sidelong fixed her eye on saturn’s face.



there saw she direst strife – the supreme god



at war with all the frailty of grief,



of rage, of fear, anxiety, revenge,



remorse, spleen, hope, but most of all despair.



against these plagues he strove in vain; for fate



had poured a mortal oil upon his head,



a disanointing poison, so that thea,



affrighted, kept her still, and let him pass



100

first onwards in, among the fallen tribe.



as with us mortal men, the laden heart



is persecuted more, and fevered more,



when it is nighing to the mournful house



where other hearts are sick of the same bruise;



so saturn, as he walked into the midst,



felt faint, and would have sunk among the rest,



but that he met enceladus’s eye,



whose mightiness, and awe of him, at once



came like an inspiration; and he shouted,



110

‘titans, behold your god!’ at which some groaned;



some started on their feet; some also shouted;



some wept, some wailed, all bowed with reverence;



and ops, uplifting her black folded veil,



showed her pale cheeks, and all her forehead wan,



her eye-brows thin and jet, and hollow eyes.



there is a roaring in the bleak-grown pines



when winter lifts his voice; there is a noise



among immortals when a god gives sign,



with hushing finger, how he means to load



120

his tongue with the full weight of utterless thought,



with thunder, and with music, and with pomp:



such noise is like the roar of bleak-grown pines,



which, when it ceases in this mountained world,



no other sound succeeds; but ceasing here,



among these fallen, saturn’s voice therefrom



grew up like organ, that begins anew



its strain, when other harmonies, stopped short,



leave the dinned air vibrating silverly.



thus grew it up: ‘not in my own sad breast,



130

which is its own great judge and searcher-out,



can i find reason why ye should be thus:



not in the legends of the first of days,



studied from that old spirit-leaved book



which starry uranus with finger bright



saved from the shores of darkness, when the waves



low-ebbed still hid it up in shallow gloom –



and the which book ye know i ever kept



for my firm-based footstool – ah, infirm!



not there, nor in sign, symbol, or portent



140

of element, earth, water, air, and fire –



at war, at peace, or inter-quarrelling



one against one, or two, or three, or all



each several one against the other three,



as fire with air loud warring when rain-floods



drown both, and press them both against earth’s face,



where, finding sulphur, a quadruple wrath



unhinges the poor world – not in that strife,



wherefrom i take strange lore, and read it deep,



can i find reason why ye should be thus –



150

no, nowhere can unriddle, though i search,



and pore on nature’s universal scroll



even to swooning, why ye, divinities,



the first-born of all shaped and palpable gods,



should cower beneath what, in comparison,



is untremendous might. yet ye are here,



o’erwhelmed, and spurned, and battered, ye are here!



o titans, shall i say, “arise!”? – ye groan:



shall i say “crouch!”? – ye groan. what can i then?



o heaven wide! o unseen parent dear!



160

what can i? tell me, all ye brethren gods,



how we can war, how engine our great wrath!



o speak your counsel now, for saturn’s ear



is all a-hungered. thou, oceanus,



ponderest high and deep, and in thy face



i see, astonied, that severe content



which comes of thought and musing. give us help!’



so ended saturn; and the god of the sea,



sophist and sage from no athenian grove,



but cogitation in his watery shades,



170

arose, with locks not oozy, and began,



in murmurs which his first-endeavouring tongue



caught infant-like from the far-foamed sands.



‘o ye, whom wrath consumes! who, passion-stung,



writhe at defeat, and nurse your agonies!



shut up your senses, stifle up your ears,



my voice is not a bellows unto ire.



yet listen, ye who will, whilst i bring proof



how ye, perforce, must be content to stoop;



and in the proof much comfort will i give,



180

if ye will take that comfort in its truth.



we fall by course of nature’s law, not force



of thunder, or of jove. great saturn, thou



hast sifted well the atom-universe;



but for this reason, that thou art the king,



and only blind from sheer supremacy,



one avenue was shaded from thine eyes,



through which i wandered to eternal truth.



and first, as thou wast not the first of powers,



so art thou not the last; it cannot be:



190

thou art not the beginning nor the end.



from chaos and parental darkness came



light, the first fruits of that intestine broil,



that sullen ferment, which for wondrous ends



was ripening in itself. the ripe hour came,



and with it light, and light, engendering



upon its own producer, forthwith touched



the whole enormous matter into life.



upon that very hour, our parentage,



the heavens, and the earth, were manifest:



200

then thou first born, and we the giant race,



found ourselves ruling new and beauteous realms.



now comes the pain of truth, to whom ’tis pain –



o folly! for to bear all naked truths,



and to envisage circumstance, all calm,



that is the top of sovereignty. mark well!



as heaven and earth are fairer, fairer far



than chaos and blank darkness, though once chiefs;



and as we show beyond that heaven and earth



in form and shape compact and beautiful,



210

in will, in action free, companionship,



and thousand other signs of purer life;



so on our heels a fresh perfection treads,



a power more strong in beauty, born of us



and fated to excel us, as we pass



in glory that old darkness: nor are we



thereby more conquered, than by us the rule



of shapeless chaos. say, doth the dull soil



quarrel with the proud forests it hath fed,



and feedeth still, more comely than itself?



220

can it deny the chiefdom of green groves?



or shall the tree be envious of the dove



because it cooeth, and hath snowy wings



to wander wherewithal and find its joys?



we are such forest-trees and our fair boughs



have bred forth, not pale solitary doves,



but eagles golden-feathered, who do tower



above us in their beauty, and must reign



in right thereof. for ’tis the eternal law



that first in beauty should be first in might.



230

yea, by that law, another race may drive



our conquerors to mourn as we do now.



have ye beheld the young god of the seas,



my dispossessor? have ye seen his face?



have ye beheld his chariot, foamed along



by noble winged creatures he hath made?



i saw him on the calmed waters scud,



with such a glow of beauty in his eyes,



that it enforced me to bid sad farewell



to all my empire: farewell sad i took,



240

and hither came, to see how dolorous fate



had wrought upon ye; and how i might best



give consolation in this woe extreme.



receive the truth, and let it be your balm.’



whether through posed conviction, or disdain,



they guarded silence, when oceanus



left murmuring, what deepest thought can tell?



but so it was; none answered for a space,



save one whom none regarded, clymene;



and yet she answered not, only complained,



250

with hectic lips, and eyes up-looking mild,



thus wording timidly among the fierce:



‘o father, i am here the simplest voice,



and all my knowledge is that joy is gone,



and this thing woe crept in among our hearts,



there to remain for ever, as i fear.



i would not bode of evil, if i thought



so weak a creature could turn off the help



which by just right should come of mighty gods;



yet let me tell my sorrow, let me tell



260

of what i heard, and how it made me weep,



and know that we had parted, from all hope.



i stood upon a shore, a pleasant shore,



where a sweet clime was breathed from a land



of fragrance, quietness, and trees, and flowers.



full of calm joy it was, as i of grief;



too full of joy and soft delicious warmth;



so that i felt a movement in my heart



to chide, and to reproach that solitude



with songs of misery, music of our woes;



270

and sat me down, and took a mouthed shell



and murmured into it, and made melody –



o melody no more! for while i sang,



and with poor skill let pass into the breeze



the dull shell’s echo, from a bowery strand



just opposite, an island of the sea,



there came enchantment with the shifting wind,



that did both drown and keep alive my ears.



i threw my shell away upon the sand,



and a wave filled it, as my sense was filled



280

with that new blissful golden melody.



a living death was in each gush of sounds,



each family of rapturous hurried notes,



that fell, one after one, yet all at once,



like pearl beads dropping sudden from their string;



and then another, then another strain,



each like a dove leaving its olive perch,



with music winged instead of silent plumes,



to hover round my head, and make me sick



of joy and grief at once. grief overcame,



290

and i was stopping up my frantic ears,



when, past all hindrance of my trembling hands,



a voice came sweeter, sweeter than all tune,



and still it cried, “apollo! young apollo!



the morning-bright apollo! young apollo!”



i fled, it followed me, and cried “apollo!”



o father, and o brethren, had ye felt



those pains of mine – o saturn, hadst thou felt,



ye would not call this too indulged tongue



presumptuous, in thus venturing to be heard.’



300

so far her voice flowed on, like timorous brook



that, lingering along a pebbled coast,



doth fear to meet the sea: but sea it met,



and shuddered; for the overwhelming voice



of huge enceladus swallowed it in wrath:



the ponderous syllables, like sullen waves



in the half-glutted hollows of reef-rocks,



came boomng thus, while still upon his arm



he leaned – not rising, from supreme contempt:



‘or shall we listen to the over-wise,



310

or to the over-foolish, giant-gods?



not thunderbolt on thunderbolt, till all



that rebel jove’s whole armoury were spent,



not world on world upon these shoulders piled



could agonize me more than baby-words



in midst of this dethronement horrible.



speak! roar! shout! yell! ye sleepy titans all.



do ye forget the blows, the buffets vile?



are ye not smitten by a youngling arm?



dost thou forget, sham monarch of the waves,



320

thy scalding in the seas? what, have i roused



your spleens with so few simple words as these



o joy! for now i see ye are not lost:



o joy! for now i see a thousand eyes



wide-glaring for revenge!’ – as this he said,



he lifted up his stature vast, and stood,



still without intermission speaking thus:



now ye are flames, i’ll tell you how to burn,



nd purge the ether of our enemies;



how to feed fierce the crooked stings of fire,



330

and singe away the swollen clouds of jove,



stifling that puny essence in its tent.



o let him feel the evil he hath done;



or though i scorn oceanuss lore,



much pain have i for more than loss of realms:



the days of peace and slumbrous calm are fled;



those days, all innocent of scathing war,



when all the fair existences of heaven



came open-eyed to guess what we would speak –



that was before our brows were taught to frown,



340

before our lips knew else but solemn sounds;



that was before we knew the winged thing,



victory, might be lost, or might be won.



and be ye mindful that hyperion,



our brightest brother, still is undisgraced –



hyperion, lo! his radiance is here!’



all eyes were on enceladus’s face,



and they beheld, while still hyperion’s name



flew from his lips up to the vaulted rocks,



a pallid gleam across his features stern –



350

not savage, for he saw full many a god



wroth as himself. he looked upon them all,



and in each face he saw a gleam of light,



but splendider in saturn’s, whose hoar locks



shone like the bubbling foam about a keel



when the prow sweeps into a midnight cove.



in pale and silver silence they remained,



till suddenly a splendour, like the morn,



pervaded all the beetling gloomy steeps,



all the sad spaces of oblivion,



360

and every gulf, and every chasm old,



and every height, and every sullen depth,



voiceless, or hoarse with loud tormented streams;



and all the everlasting cataracts,



and all the headlong torrents far and near,



mantled before in darkness and huge shade,



now saw the light and made it terrible.



it was hyperion: a granite peak



his bright feet touched, and there he stayed to view



the misery his brilliance had betrayed



370

to the most hateful seeing of itself.



golden his hair of short numidian curl,



regal his shape majestic, a vast shade



in midst of his own brightness, like the bulk



of memnon’s image at the set of sun



to one who travels from the dusking east:



sighs, too, as mournful as that memnon’s harp,



he uttered, while his hands contemplative



he pressed together, and in silence stood.



despondence seized again the fallen gods



380

at sight of the dejected king of day,



and many hid their faces from the light:



but fierce enceladus sent forth his eyes



among the brotherhood; and, at their glare,



uprose iäpetus, and creüs too,



and phorcus, sea-born, and together strode



to where he towered on his eminence.



there those four shouted forth old saturn’s name;



hyperion from the peak loud answered, ‘saturn!’



saturn sat near the mother of the gods,



390

in whose face was no joy, though all the gods



gave from their hollow throats the name of ‘saturn!’



book iii



thus in alternate uproar and sad peace,



amazed were those titans utterly.



o leave them, muse! o leave them to their woes;



for thou art weak to sing such tumults dire:



a solitary sorrow best befits



thy lips, and antheming a lonely grief.



leave them, o muse! for thou anon wilt find



many a fallen old divinity



wandering in vain about bewildered shores.



10

meantime touch piously the delphic harp,



and not a wind of heaven but will breathe



in aid soft warble from the dorian flute;



for lo! ’tis for the father of all verse.



flush every thing that hath a vermeil hue,



let the rose glow intense and warm the air,



and let the clouds of even and of morn



float in voluptuous fleeces o’er the hills;



let the red wine within the goblet boil,



cold as a bubbling well; let faint-lipped shells,



20

on sands, or in great deeps, vermilion turn



through all their labyrinths; and let the maid



blush keenly, as with some warm kiss surprised.



chief isle of the embowered cyclades,



rejoice, o delos, with thine olives green,



and poplars, and lawn-shading palms, and beech,



in which the zephyr breathes the loudest song,



and hazels thick, dark-stemmed beneath the shade:



apollo is once more the golden theme!



where was he, when the giant of the sun



30

stood bright, amid the sorrow of his peers?



together had he left his mother fair



and his twin-sister sleeping in their bower,



and in the morning twilight wandered forth



beside the osiers of a rivulet,



full ankle-deep in lilies of the vale.



the nightingale had ceased, and a few stars



were lingering in the heavens, while the thrush



began calm-throated. throughout all the isle



there was no covert, no retired cave



40

unhaunted by the murmurous noise of waves,



though scarcely heard in many a green recess.



he listened, and he wept, and his bright tears



went trickling down the golden bow he held.



thus with half-shut suffused eyes he stood,



while from beneath some cumbrous boughs hard by



with solemn step an awful goddess came,



and there was purport in her looks for him,



which he with eager guess began to read



perplexed, the while melodiously he said:



50

‘how cam’st thou over the unfooted sea?



or hath that antique mien and robed form



moved in these vales invisible till now?



sure i have heard those vestments sweeping o’er



the fallen leaves, when i have sat alone



in cool mid-forest. surely i have traced



the rustle of those ample skirts about



these grassy solitudes, and seen the flowers



lift up their heads, as still the whisper passed.



goddess! i have beheld those eyes before,



60

and their eternal calm, and all that face,



or i have dreamed.’ – ‘yes,’ said the supreme shape,



thou hast dreamed of me; and awaking up



didst find a lyre all golden by thy side,



whose strings touched by thy fingers, all the vast



unwearied ear of the whole universe



listened in pain and pleasure at the birth



of such new tuneful wonder. is’t not strange



that thou shouldst weep, so gifted? tell me, youth,



what sorrow thou canst feel; for i am sad



70

when thou dost shed a tear. explain thy griefs



to one who in this lonely isle hath been



the watcher of thy sleep and hours of life,



from the young day when first thy infant hand



plucked witless the weak flowers, till thine arm



could bend that bow heroic to all times.



show thy heart’s secret to an ancient power



who hath forsaken old and sacred thrones



for prophecies of thee, and for the sake



of loveliness new born.’ – apollo then,



80

with sudden scrutiny and gloomless eyes,



thus answered, while his white melodious throat



throbbed with the syllables: ‘mnemosyne!



thy name is on my tongue, i know not how;



why should i tell thee what thou so well seest?



why should i strive to show what from thy lips



would come no mystery? for me, dark, dark,



and painful vile oblivion seals my eyes:



i strive to search wherefore i am so sad,



until a melancholy numbs my limbs;



90

and then upon the grass i sit, and moan,



like one who once had wings. o why should i



feel cursed and thwarted, when the liegeless air



yields to my step aspirant? why should i



spurn the green turf as hateful to my feet?



goddess benign, point forth some unknown thing:



are there not other regions than this isle?



what are the stars? there is the sun, the sun!



and the most patient brilliance of the moon!



and stars by thousands! point me out the way



100

to any one particular beauteous star,



and i will flit into it with my lyre,



and make its silvery splendour pant with bliss.



i have heard the cloudy thunder. where is power?



whose hand, whose essence, what divinity



makes this alarum in the elements,



while i here idle listen on the shores



in fearless yet in aching ignorance?



o tell me, lonely goddess, by thy harp,



that waileth every morn and eventide,



110

tell me why thus i rave, about these groves!



mute thou remainest – mute! yet i can read



a wondrous lesson in thy silent face:



knowledge enormous makes a god of me.



names, deeds, grey legends, dire events, rebellions,



majesties, sovran voices, agonies,



creations and destroyings, all at once



pour into the wide hollows of my brain,



and deify me, as if some blithe wine



or bright elixir peerless i had drunk,



120

and so become immortal.’ – thus the god,



while his enkindled eyes, with level glance



beneath his white soft temples, steadfast kept



trembling with light upon mnemosyne.



soon wild commotions shook him, and made flush



all the immortal fairness of his limbs –



most like the struggle at the gate of death;



or liker still to one who should take leave



of pale immortal death, and with a pang



as hot as death’s is chill, with fierce convulse



130

die into life: so young apollo anguished.



his very hair, his golden tresses famed



kept undulation round his eager neck.



during the pain mnemosyne upheld



her arms as one who prophesied. – at length



apollo shrieked – and lo! from all his limbs



celestial….





fancy


ever let the fancy roam,



pleasure never is at home:



at a touch sweet pleasure melteth,



like to bubbles when rain pelteth.



then let winged fancy wander



through the thought still spread beyond her:



open wide the mind’s cage-door,



she’ll dart forth, and cloudward soar.



o sweet fancy! let her loose –



10

summer’s joys are spoilt by use,



and the enjoying of the spring



fades as does its blossoming;



autumn’s red-lipped fruitage too,



blushing through the mist and dew,



cloys with tasting. what do then?



sit thee by the ingle, when



the sere faggot blazes bright,



spirit of a winters night;



when the soundless earth is muffled,



20

and the caked snow is shuffled



from the ploughboy’s heavy shoon;



when the night doth meet the noon



in a dark conspiracy



to banish even from her sky.



sit thee there, and send abroad,



with a mind self-overawed,



fancy, high-commissioned – send her!



she has vassals to attend her:



she will bring, in spite of frost,



30

beauties that the earth hath lost;



she will bring thee, all together,



all delights of summer weather;



all the buds and bells of may,



from dewy sward or thorny spray;



all the heaped autumn’s wealth,



with a still, mysterious stealth:



she will mix these pleasures up



like three fit wines in a cup,



and thou shalt quaff it – thou shalt hear



40

distant harvest-carols clear;



rustle of the reaped corn;



sweet birds antheming the morn:



and, in the same moment – hark!



’tis the early april lark,



or the rooks, with busy caw,



foraging for sticks and straw.



thou shalt, at one glance, behold



the daisy and the marigold;



white-plumed lilies, and the first



50

hedge-grown primrose that hath burst;



shaded hyacinth, alway



sapphire queen of the mid-may;



and every leaf, and every flower



pearled with the self-same shower.



thou shalt see the field-mouse peep



meagre from its celled sleep;



and the snake all winter-thin



cast on sunny bank its skin;



freckled nest-eggs thou shalt see



60

hatching in the hawthorn-tree,



when the hen-bird’s wing doth rest



quiet on her mossy nest;



then the hurry and alarm



when the bee-hive casts its swarm;



acorns ripe down-pattering,



while the autumn breezes sing.



o, sweet fancy! let her loose;



every thing is spoilt by use:



where’s the cheek that doth not fade,



70

too much gazed at? where’s the maid



whose lip mature is ever new?



where’s the eye, however blue,



doth not weary? where’s the face



one would meet in every place?



where’s the voice, however soft,



one would hear so very oft?



at a touch sweet pleasure melteth



like to bubbles when rain pelteth.



let, then, winged fancy find



80

thee a mistress to thy mind:



dulcet-eyed as ceres’ daughter,



ere the god of torment taught her



how to frown and how to chide;



with a waist and with a side



white as hebe’s, when her zone



slipped its golden clasp, and down



fell her kirtle to her feet,



while she held the goblet sweet,



and jove grew languid. – break the mesh



90

of the fancy’s silken leash;



quickly break her prison-string



and such joys as these she’ll bring.



let the winged fancy roam,



pleasure never is at home.





ode


bards of passion and of mirth,



ye have left your souls on earth!



have ye souls in heaven too,



double-lived in regions new?



yes, and those of heaven commune



with the spheres of sun and moon;



with the noise of fountains wondrous,



and the parle of voices thund’rous;



with the whisper of heaven’s trees



10

and one another, in soft ease



seated on elysian lawns



browsed by none but dian’s fawns;



underneath large blue-bells tented,



where the daisies are rose-scented,



and the rose herself has got



perfume which on earth is not;



where the nightingale doth sing



not a senseless, tranced thing,



but divine melodious truth;



20

philosophic numbers smooth;



tales and golden histories



of heaven and its mysteries.



thus ye live on high, and then



on the earth ye live again;



and the souls ye left behind you



teach us, here, the way to find you,



where your other souls are joying,



never slumbered, never cloying.



here, your earth-born souls still speak



30

to mortals, of their little week;



of their sorrows and delights;



of their passions and their spites;



of their glory and their shame;



what doth strengthen and what maim.



thus ye teach us, every day,



wisdom, though fled far away.



bards of passion and of mirth,



ye have left your souls on earth!



ye have souls in heaven too,



40

double-lived in regions new!





song


i had a dove and the sweet dove died;



and i have thought it died of grieving.



o, what could it grieve for? its feet were tied,



with a silken thread of my own hand’s weaving.



sweet little red feet! why would you die –



why would you leave me, sweet bird! why?



you lived alone on the forest-tree,



why, pretty thing, could you not live with me?



i kissed you oft and gave you white peas;



10

why not live sweetly, as in the green trees?





song


i



hush, hush! tread softly! hush, hush my dear!



all the house is asleep, but we know very well



that the jealous, the jealous old bald-pate may hear,



though you’ve padded his night-cap – o sweet isabel!



though your feet are more light than a faery’s feet,



who dances on bubbles where brooklets meet –



hush, hush! tread softly! hush, hush my dear!



for less than a nothing the jealous can hear.



ii



no leaf doth tremble, no ripple is there



10

on the river – all’s still, and the night’s sleepy eye



closes up, and forgets all its lethean care,



charmed to death by the drone of the humming mayfly;



and the moon, whether prudish or complaisant,



hath fled to her bower, well knowing i want



no light in the darkness, no torch in the gloom,



but my isabel’s eyes, and her lips pulped with bloom.



iii



lift the latch! ah gently! ah tenderly – sweet!



we are dead if that latchet gives one little clink!



well done – now those lips, and a flowery seat –



20

the old man may dream, and the planets may wink;



the shut rose may dream of our loves, and awake



full-blown, and such warmth for the morning take,



the stock-dove shall hatch her soft brace and shall coo,



while i kiss to the melody, aching all through!





the eve of st agnes


i



st agnes’ eve – ah, bitter chill it was!



the owl, for all his feathers, was a-cold;



the hare limped trembling through the frozen grass,



and silent was the flock in woolly fold:



numb were the beadsman’s fingers, while he told



his rosary, and while his frosted breath,



like pious incense from a censer old,



seemed taking flight for heaven, without a death,



past the sweet virgin’s picture, while his prayer he saith.



ii



10

his prayer he saith, this patient, holy man;



then takes his lamp, and riseth from his knees,



and back returneth, meagre, barefoot, wan,



along the chapel aisle by slow degrees:



the sculptured dead, on each side, seem to freeze,



emprisoned in black, purgatorial rails;



knights, ladies, praying in dumb orat’ries,



he passeth by; and his weak spirit fails



to think how they may ache in icy hoods and mails.



iii



northward he turneth through a little door,



20

and scarce three steps, ere music’s golden tongue



flattered to tears this aged man and poor;



but no – already had his deathbell rung:



the joys of all his life were said and sung:



his was harsh penance on st agnes’ eve.



another way he went, and soon among



rough ashes sat he for his soul’s reprieve,



and all night kept awake, for sinners’ sake to grieve.



iv



that ancient beadsman heard the prelude soft;



and so it chanced, for many a door was wide,



30

from hurry to and fro. soon, up aloft,



the silver, snarling trumpets ’gan to chide:



the level chambers, ready with their pride,



were glowing to receive a thousand guests:



the carved angels, ever eager-eyed,



stared, where upon their heads the cornice rests,



with hair blown back, and wings put cross-wise on their breasts.



v



at length burst in the argent revelry,



with plume, tiara, and all rich array,



numerous as shadows haunting faerily



40

the brain, new-stuffed, in youth, with triumphs gay



of old romance. these let us wish away,



and turn, sole-thoughted, to one lady there,



whose heart had brooded, all that wintry day,



on love, and winged st agnes’ saintly care,



as she had heard old dames full many times declare.



vi



they told her how, upon st agnes’ eve,



young virgins might have visions of delight,



and soft adorings from their loves receive



upon the honeyed middle of the night,



50

if ceremonies due they did aright;



as, supperless to bed they must retire,



and couch supine their beauties, lily white;



nor look behind, nor sideways, but require



of heaven with upward eyes for all that they desire.



vii



full of this whim was thoughtful madeline:



the music, yearning like a god in pain,



she scarcely heard: her maiden eyes divine,



fixed on the floor, saw many a sweeping train



pass by – she heeded not at all: in vain



60

came many a tip-toe, amorous cavalier,



and back retired – not cooled by high disdain,



but she saw not: her heart was otherwhere.



she sighed for agnes’ dreams, the sweetest of the year.



viii



she danced along with vague, regardless eyes,



anxious her lips, her breathing quick and short:



the hallowed hour was near at hand: she sighs



amid the timbrels, and the thronged resort



of whisperers in anger, or in sport;



‘mid looks of love, defiance, hate, and scorn,



70

hoodwinked with faery fancy – all amort,



save to st agnes and her lambs unshorn,



and all the bliss to be before to-morrow morn.



ix



so, purposing each moment to retire,



she lingered still. meantime, across the moors,



had come young porphyro, with heart on fire



for madeline. beside the portal doors,



buttressed from moonlight, stands he, and implores



all saints to give him sight of madeline



but for one moment in the tedious hours,



80

that he might gaze and worship all unseen;



perchance speak, kneel, touch, kiss – in sooth such things have been.



x



he ventures in – let no buzzed whisper tell,



all eyes be muffled, or a hundred swords



will storm his heart, love’s fev’rous citadel:



for him, those chambers held barbarian hordes,



hyena foemen, and hot-blooded lords,



whose very dogs would execrations howl



against his lineage: not one breast affords



him any mercy, in that mansion foul,



90

save one old beldame, weak in body and in soul.



xi



ah, happy chance! the aged creature came,



shuffling along with ivory-headed wand,



to where he stood, hid from the torch’s flame,



behind a broad hall-pillar, far beyond



the sound of merriment and chorus bland:



he startled her; but soon she knew his face,



and grasped his fingers in her palsied hand,



saying, ‘mercy, porphyro! hie thee from this place:



they are all here to-night, the whole blood-thirsty race!



xii



100

‘get hence! get hence! there’s dwarfish hildebrand –



he had a fever late, and in the fit



he cursed thee and thine, both house and land:



then there’s that old lord maurice, not a whit



more tame for his grey hairs – alas me! flit!



flit like a ghost away.’ ‘ah, gossip dear,



we’re safe enough; here in this arm-chair sit,



and tell me how – ’ ‘good saints! not here, not here;



follow me, child, or else these stones will be thy bier.’



xiii



he followed through a lowly arched way,



110

brushing the cobwebs with his lofty plume,



and as she muttered, ‘well-a – well-a-day!’



he found him in a little moonlight room,



pale, latticed, chill, and silent as a tomb.



‘now tell me where is madeline,’ said he,



‘o tell me, angela, by the holy loom



which none but secret sisterhood may see,



when they st agnes’ wool are weaving piously.’



xiv



‘st agnes? ah! it is st agnes’ eve –



yet men will murder upon holy days:



120

thou must hold water in a witch’s sieve,



and be liege-lord of all the elves and fays,



to venture so: it fills me with amaze



to see thee, porphyro! – st agnes’ eve!



god’s help! my lady fair the conjuror plays



this very night. good angels her deceive!



but let me laugh awhile, i’ve mickle time to grieve.’



xv



feebly she laugheth in the languid moon,



while porphyro upon her face doth look,



like puzzled urchin on an aged crone



130

who keepeth closed a wondrous riddle-book,



as spectacled she sits in chimney nook.



but soon his eyes grew brilliant, when she told



his lady’s purpose; and he scarce could brook



tears, at the thought of those enchantments cold,



and madeline asleep in lap of legends old.



xvi



sudden a thought came like a full-blown rose,



flushing his brow, and in his pained heart



made purple riot; then doth he propose



a stratagem, that makes the beldame start:



140

‘a cruel man and impious thou art:



sweet lady, let her pray, and sleep, and dream



alone with her good angels, far apart



from wicked men like thee. go, go! – i deem



thou canst not surely be the same that thou didst seem.’



xvii



‘i will not harm her, by all saints i swear,’



quoth porphyro: ‘o may i ne’er find grace



when my weak voice shall whisper its last prayer,



if one of her soft ringlets i displace,



or look with ruffian passion in her face:



150

good angela, believe me by these tears,



or i will, even in a moment’s space,



awake, with horrid shout, my foeman’s ears,



and beard them, though they be more fanged than wolves and bears.’



xviii



‘ah! why wilt thou affright a feeble soul?



a poor, weak, palsy-stricken, churchyard thing,



whose passing-bell may ere the midnight toll;



whose prayers for thee, each morn and evening,



were never missed.’ – thus plaining, doth she bring



a gentler speech from burning porphyro,



160

so woeful, and of such deep sorrowing,



that angela gives promise she will do



whatever he shall wish, betide her weal or woe.



xix



which was, to lead him, in close secrecy,



even to madeline’s chamber, and there hide



him in a closet, of such privacy



that he might see her beauty unespied,



and win perhaps that night a peerless bride,



while legioned faeries paced the coverlet,



and pale enchantment held her sleepy-eyed.



170

never on such a night have lovers met,



since merlin paid his demon all the monstrous debt.



xx



‘it shall be as thou wishest,’ said the dame:



‘all cates and dainties shall be stored there



quickly on this feast-night; by the tambour frame



her own lute thou wilt see. no time to spare,



for i am slow and feeble, and scarce dare



on such a catering trust my dizzy head.



wait here, my child, with patience; kneel in prayer



the while. ah! thou must needs the lady wed,



180

or may i never leave my grave among the dead.’



xxi



so saying, she hobbled off with busy fear.



the lover’s endless minutes slowly passed;



the dame returned, and whispered in his ear



to follow her; with aged eyes aghast



from fright of dim espial. safe at last,



through many a dusky gallery, they gain



the maiden’s chamber, silken, hushed, and chaste;



where porphyro took covert, pleased amain.



his poor guide hurried back with agues in her brain.



xxii



190

her faltering hand upon the balustrade,



old angela was feeling for the stair,



when madeline, st agnes’ charmed maid,



rose, like a missioned spirit, unaware:



with silver taper’s light, and pious care,



she turned, and down the aged gossip led



to a safe level matting. now prepare,



young porphyro, for gazing on that bed –



she comes, she comes again, like ring-dove frayed and fled.



xxiii



out went the taper as she hurried in;



200

its little smoke, in pallid moonshine, died:



she closed the door, she panted, all akin



to spirits of the air, and visions wide –



no uttered syllable, or, woe betide!



but to her heart, her heart was voluble,



paining with eloquence her balmy side;



as though a tongueless nightingale should swell



her throat in vain, and die, heart-stifled, in her dell.



xxiv



a casement high and triple-arched there was,



all garlanded with carven imag’ries



210

of fruits, and flowers, and bunches of knot-grass,



and diamonded with panes of quaint device,



innumerable of stains and splendid dyes,



as are the tiger-moth’s deep-damasked wings;



and in the midst, ’mong thousand heraldries,



and twilight saints, and dim emblazonings,



a shielded scutcheon blushed with blood of queens and kings.



xxv



full on this casement shone the wintry moon,



and threw warm gules on madeline’s fair breast,



as down she knelt for heaven’s grace and boon;



220

rose-bloom fell on her hands, together pressed,



and on her silver cross soft amethyst,



and on her hair a glory, like a saint:



she seemed a splendid angel, newly dressed,



save wings, for heaven – porphyro grew faint;



she knelt, so pure a thing, so free from mortal taint.



xxvi



anon his heart revives; her vespers done,



of all its wreathed pearls her hair she frees;



unclasps her warmed jewels one by one;



loosens her fragrant bodice; by degrees



230

her rich attire creeps rustling to her knees:



half-hidden, like a mermaid in sea-weed,



pensive awhile she dreams awake, and sees,



in fancy, fair st agnes in her bed,



but dares not look behind, or all the charm is fled.



xxvii



soon, trembling in her soft and chilly nest,



in sort of wakeful swoon, perplexed she lay,



until the poppied warmth of sleep oppressed



her soothed limbs, and soul fatigued away –



flown, like a thought, until the morrow-day;



240

blissfully havened both from joy and pain;



clasped like a missal where swart paynims pray;



blinded alike from sunshine and from rain,



as though a rose should shut, and be a bud again.



xxviii



stolen to this paradise, and so entranced,



porphyro gazed upon her empty dress,



and listened to her breathing, if it chanced



to wake into a slumbrous tenderness;



which when he heard, that minute did he bless,



and breathed himself: then from the closet crept,



250

noiseless as fear in a wide wilderness,



and over the hushed carpet, silent, stepped,



and ’tween the curtains peeped, where, lo! – how fast she slept.



xxix



then by the bed-side, where the faded moon



made a dim, silver twilight, soft he set



a table, and, half anguished, threw thereon



a cloth of woven crimson, gold, and jet –



o for some drowsy morphean amulet!



the boisterous, midnight, festive clarion,



the kettle-drum, and far-heard clarinet,



260

affray his ears, though but in dying tone;



the hall door shuts again, and all the noise is gone.



xxx



and still she slept an azure-lidded sleep,



in blanched linen, smooth, and lavendered,



while he from forth the closet brought a heap



of candied apple, quince, and plum, and gourd,



with jellies soother than the creamy curd,



and lucent syrups, tinct with cinnamon;



manna and dates, in argosy transferred



from fez; and spiced dainties, every one,



270

from silken samarkand to cedared lebanon.



xxxi



these delicates he heaped with glowing hand



on golden dishes and in baskets bright



of wreathed silver; sumptuous they stand



in the retired quiet of the night,



filling the chilly room with perfume light.



‘and now, my love, my seraph fair, awake!



thou art my heaven, and i thine eremite:



open thine eyes, for meek st agnes’ sake,



or i shall drowse beside thee, so my soul doth ache.’



xxxii



280

thus whispering, his warm, unnerved arm



sank in her pillow. shaded was her dream



by the dusk curtains – ’twas a midnight charm



impossible to melt as iced stream:



the lustrous salvers in the moonlight gleam;



broad golden fringe upon the carpet lies.



it seemed he never, never could redeem



from such a steadfast spell his lady’s eyes;



so mused awhile, entoiled in woofed fantasies.



xxxiii



awakening up, he took her hollow lute,



290

tumultuous, and, in chords that tenderest be,



he played an ancient ditty, long since mute,



in provence called, ‘la belle dame sans mercy,



close to her ear touching the melody –



wherewith disturbed, she uttered a soft moan:



he ceased – she panted quick – and suddenly



her blue affrayed eyes wide open shone.



upon his knees he sank, pale as smooth-sculptured stone.



xxxiv



her eyes were open, but she still beheld,



now wide awake, the vision of her sleep –



300

there was a painful change, that nigh expelled



the blisses of her dream so pure and deep.



at which fair madeline began to weep,



and moan forth witless words with many a sigh,



while still her gaze on porphyro would keep;



who knelt, with joined hands and piteous eye,



fearing to move or speak, she looked so dreamingly.



xxxv



‘ah, porphyro!’ said she, ‘but even now



thy voice was at sweet tremble in mine ear,



made tuneable with every sweetest vow,



310

and those sad eyes were spiritual and clear:



how changed thou art! how pallid, chill, and drear 1



give me that voice again, my porphyro,



those looks immortal, those complainings dear!



o leave me not in this eternal woe,



for if thou diest, my love, i know not where to go.’



xxxvi



beyond a mortal man impassioned far



at these voluptuous accents, he arose,



ethereal, flushed, and like a throbbing star



seen mid the sapphire heaven’s deep repose;



320

into her dream he melted, as the rose



blendeth its odour with the violet –



solution sweet. meantime the frost-wind blows



like love’s alarum pattering the sharp sleet



against the window-panes; st agnes’ moon hath set.



xxxvii



’tis dark: quick pattereth the flaw-blown sleet.



‘this is no dream, my bride, my madeline!’



’tis dark: the iced gusts still rave and beat.



‘no dream, alas! alas! and woe is mine!



porphyro will leave me here to fade and pine. –



330

cruel! what traitor could thee hither bring?



i curse not, for my heart is lost in thine,



though thou forsakest a deceived thing –



a dove forlorn and lost with sick unpruned wing.’



xxxviii



‘my madeline! sweet dreamer! lovely bride!



say, may i be for aye thy vassal blessed?



thy beauty’s shield, heart-shaped and vermeil dyed?



ah, silver shrine, here will i take my rest



after so many hours of toil and quest,



a famished pilgrim – saved by miracle.



340

though i have found, i will not rob thy nest



saving of thy sweet self; if thou think’st well



to trust, fair madeline, to no rude infidel.



xxxix



‘hark! ’tis an elfin-storm from faery land,



of haggard seeming, but a boon indeed:



arise – arise! the morning is at hand.



the bloated wassaillers will never heed –



let us away, my love, with happy speed –



there are no ears to hear, or eyes to see,



drowned all in rhenish and the sleepy mead;



350

awake! arise! my love, and fearless be,



for o’er the southern moors i have a home for thee.’



xl



she hurried at his words, beset with fears,



for there were sleeping dragons all around,



at glaring watch, perhaps, with ready spears –



down the wide stairs a darkling way they found.



in all the house was heard no human sound.



a chain-drooped lamp was flickering by each door;



the arras, rich with horseman, hawk, and hound,



fluttered in the besieging wind’s uproar;



360

and the long carpets rose along the gusty floor.



xli



they glide, like phantoms, into the wide hall;



like phantoms, to the iron porch, they glide;



where lay the porter, in uneasy sprawl,



with a huge empty flaggon by his side:



the wakeful bloodhound rose, and shook his hide,



but his sagacious eye an inmate owns.



by one, and one, the bolts full easy slide –



the chains lie silent on the footworn stones –



the key turns, and the door upon its hinges groans.



xlii



370

and they are gone – ay, ages long ago



these lovers fled away into the storm.



that night the baron dreamt of many a woe,



and all his warrior-guests, with shade and form



of witch, and demon, and large coffin-worm,



were long be-nightmared. angela the old



died palsy-twitched, with meagre face deform;



the beadsman, after thousand aves told,



for aye unsought for slept among his ashes cold.





the eve of st mark


upon a sabbath-day it fell;



twice holy was the sabbath bell,



that called the folk to evening prayer;



the city streets were clean and fair



from wholesome drench of april rains;



and, on the western window panes,



the chilly sunset faintly told



of unmatured green valleys cold,



of the green thorny bloomless hedge,



10

of rivers new with spring-tide sedge,



of primroses by sheltered rills,



and daisies on the aguish hills.



twice holy was the sabbath bell:



the silent streets were crowded well



with staid and pious companies,



warm from their fireside orat’ries,



and moving, with demurest air,



to even-song, and vesper prayer.



each arched porch, and entry low,



20

was filled with patient folk and slow,



with whispers hush, and shuffling feet,



while played the organs loud and sweet.



the bells had ceased, the prayers begun,



and bertha had not yet half done



a curious volume, patched and torn,



that all day long, from earliest morn,



had taken captive her two eyes,



among its golden broideries;



perplexed her with a thousand things –



30

the stars of heaven, and angels’ wings,



martyrs in a fiery blaze,



azure saints ’mid silver rays,



aaron’s breastplate, and the seven



candlesticks john saw in heaven,



the winged lion of saint mark,



and the covenantal ark,



with its many mysteries,



cherubim and golden mice.



bertha was a maiden fair,



40

dwelling in the old minster square;



from her fireside she could see,



sidelong, its rich antiquity,



far as the bishop’s garden wall,



where sycamores and elm trees tall,



full-leaved, the forest had outstripped,



by no sharp north-wind ever nipped,



so sheltered by the mighty pile.



bertha arose, and read awhile,



with forehead ’gainst the window-pane.



50

again she tried, and then again,



until the dusk eve left her dark



upon the legend of st mark.



from pleated lawn-frill, fine and thin,



she lifted up her soft warm chin,



with aching neck and swimming eyes,



and dazed with saintly imageries.



all was gloom, and silent all,



save now and then the still foot-fall



of one returning townwards late,



60

past the echoing minster gate.



the clamorous daws, that all the day



above tree-tops and towers play,



pair by pair had gone to rest,



each in its ancient belfry-nest,



where asleep they fall betimes,



to music of the drowsy chimes.



all was silent, all was gloom,



abroad and in the homely room:



down she sat, poor cheated soul!



70

and struck a lamp from the dismal coal,



leaned forward, with bright drooping hair,



and slant book full against the glare.



her shadow, in uneasy guise,



hovered about, a giant size,



on ceiling beam and old oak chair,



the parrot’s cage, and panel square;



and the warm angled winter screen,



on which were many monsters seen,



called doves of siam, lima mice,



80

and legless birds of paradise,



macaw, and tender av’davat,



and silken-furred angora cat.



untired she read, her shadow still



glowered about, as it would fill



the room with wildest forms and shades,



as though some ghostly queen of spades



had come to mock behind her back,



and dance, and ruffle her garments black.



untired she read the legend page,



90

of holy mark, from youth to age,



on land, on sea, in pagan chains,



rejoicing for his many pains.



sometimes the learned eremite,



with golden star, or dagger bright,



referred to pious poesies



written in smallest crow-quill size



beneath the text; and thus the rhyme



was parcelled out from time to time:



‘– als writith he of swevenis



100

men han beforne they wake in bliss,



whanne that hir friendes thinke hem bound



in crimpid shroude farre under grounde;



and how a litling child mote be



a saint er its nativitie,



gif that the modre (god her blesse!)



kepen in solitarinesse,



and kissen devoute the holy croce.



of goddis love, and sathan’s force,



he writith; and thinges many mo:



110

of swiche thinges i may not show.



bot i must tellen verilie



somdel of sainte cicilie,



and chieflie what he auctorith



of sainte markis life and death.’



at length her constant eyelids come



upon the fervent martyrdom;



then lastly to his holy shrine,



exalt amid the tapers’ shine



at venice….





‘gif ye wol stonden hardie wight’


gif ye wol stonden hardie wight –



amiddes of the blacke night –



righte in the churche porch, pardie,



ye wol behold a companie



approchen thee full dolourouse.



for sooth to sain, from everich house,



be it in city or village,



wol come the phantom and image



of ilka gent and ilka carle,



10

whom colde deathe hath in parle



and wol some day that very year,



touchen with foule venime spear



and sadly do them all to die:



hem all shalt thou see verilie.



and everichon shall by thee pass,



all who must die that year, alas….





‘why did i laugh tonight?…’


why did i laugh tonight? no voice will tell:



no god, no demon of severe response,



deigns to reply from heaven or from hell.



then to my human heart i turn at once –



heart! thou and i are here sad and alone;



say, wherefore did i laugh! o mortal pain!



o darkness! darkness! ever must i moan,



to question heaven and hell and heart in vain.



why did i laugh? i know this being’s lease –



10

my fancy to its utmost blisses spreads;



yet could i on this very midnight cease,



and the world’s gaudy ensigns see in shreds.



verse, fame, and beauty are intense indeed,



but death intenser – death is life’s high meed.





faery bird’s song


shed no tear – o, shed no tear!



the flower will bloom another year.



weep no more! o! weep no more!



young buds sleep in the root’s white core.



dry your eyes! o! dry your eyes,



for i was taught in paradise



to ease my breast of melodies –



shed no tear.



overhead! look overhead!



10

’mong the blossoms white and red –



look up, look up. i flutter now



on this flush pomegranate bough.



see me! ’tis this silvery bill



ever cures the good man’s ill.



shed no tear! o shed no tear!



the flower will bloom another year.



adieu, adieu – i fly, adieu,



i vanish in the heaven’s blue –



adieu, adieu!





faery song


ah! woe is me! poor silver-wing!



that i must chant thy lady’s dirge,



and death to this fair haunt of spring,



of melody, and streams of flowery verge –



poor silver-wing! ah! woe is me!



that i must see



these blossoms snow upon thy lady’s pall!



go, pretty page! and in her ear



whisper that the hour is near!



10

softly tell her not to fear



such calm favonian burial!



go, pretty page! and soothly tell –



the blossoms hang by a melting spell,



and fall they must, ere a star wink thrice



upon her closed eyes,



that now in vain are weeping their last tears,



at sweet life leaving, and these arbours green –



rich dowry from the spirit of the spheres.



alas! poor queen!





‘when they were come unto the faery’s court’


when they were come unto the faery’s court



they rang – no one at home; all gone to sport



and dance and kiss and love as faeries do,



for faeries be, as humans, lovers true.



amid the woods they were, so lone and wild,



where even the robin feels himself exiled,



and where the very brooks as if afraid



hurry along to some less magic shade.



‘no one at home!’ the fretful princess cried,



10

‘and all for nothing such a dreary ride,



and all for nothing my new diamond cross,



no one to see my persian feathers toss,



no one to see my ape, my dwarf, my fool,



or how i pace my otaheitan mule.



ape, dwarf and fool, why stand you gaping there?



burst the door open, quick – or i declare



i’ll switch you soundly and in pieces tear.’



the dwarf began to tremble and the ape



stared at the fool, the fool was all agape.



20

the princess grasped her switch, but just in time



the dwarf with piteous face began to rhyme.



‘o mighty princess, did you ne’er hear tell



what your poor servants know but too, too well?



know you the three ‘great crimes’ in faery land?



the first – alas! poor dwarf – i understand:



i made a whipstock of a faery’s wand.



the next is snoring in their company.



the next, the last, the direst of the three,



is making free when they are not at home.



30

i was a prince, a baby prince – my doom



you see – i made a whipstock of a wand.



my top has henceforth slept in faery land.



he was a prince, the fool, a grown-up prince,



but he has never been a king’s son since



he fell a-snoring at a faery ball.



your poor ape was a prince, and he, poor thing,



picklocked a faery’s boudoir – now no king,



but ape – so pray your highness stay awhile;



’tis sooth indeed, we know it to our sorrow –



40

persist and you may be an ape tomorrow.’



while the dwarf spake the princess all for spite



peeled the brown hazel twig to lily white,



clenched her small teeth, and held her lips apart,



tried to look unconcerned with beating heart.



they saw her highness had made up her mind,



a-quavering like three reeds before the wind –



and they had had it, but – o happy chance! –



the ape for very fear began to dance



and grinned as all his ugliness did ache –



50

she stayed her vixen fingers for his sake,



he was so very ugly: then she took



her pocket mirror and began to look



first at herself and then at him and then



she smiled at her own beauteous face again.



yet for all this – for all her pretty face –



she took it in her head to see the place.



women gain little from experience



either in lovers, husbands or expense.



‘the more the beauty, the more fortune too:



60

beauty before the wide world never knew –’



so each fair reasons, though it oft miscarries.



she thought her pretty face would please the faeries.



‘my darling ape, i won’t whip you today –



give me the picklock, sirrah, and go play.’



they all three wept – but counsel was as vain



as crying ‘c’up, biddy’ to drops of rain.



yet lingeringly did the sad ape forth draw



the picklock from the pocket in his jaw.



the princess took it and, dismounting straight,



70

tripped in blue silvered slippers to the gate



and touched the wards; the door full courteously



opened – she entered with her servants three.



again it closed, and there was nothing seen



but the mule grazing on the herbage green.



end of canto xii



canto the xiii



the mule no sooner saw himself alone



than he pricked up his ears – and said, ‘well done!



at least, unhappy prince, i may be free –



no more a princess shall side-saddle me.



o king of otahiete – though as mule,



80

“ay, every inch a king”, though “fortune’s fool” –



well done – for by what mr dwarfy said



i would not give a sixpence for her head.’



even as he spake he trotted in high glee



to the knotty side of an old pollard tree



and rubbed his sides against the mossed bark



till his girths burst and left him naked stark



except his bridle – how get rid of that,



buckled and tied with many a twist and plait?



at last it struck him to pretend to sleep



90

and then the thievish monkeys down would creep



and filch the unpleasant trammels quite away.



no sooner thought of than adown he lay,



shammed a good snore – the monkey-men descended



and whom they thought to injure, they befriended.



they hung his bridle on a topmost bough,



and off he went, run, trot, or anyhow.…





‘the house of mourning written by mr scott’


the house of mourning written by mr scott,



a sermon at the magdalen, a tear



dropped on a greasy novel, want of cheer



after a walk uphill to a friend’s cot,



tea with a maiden lady, a cursed lot



of worthy poems with the author near,



a patron lord, a drunkenness from beer,



haydon’s great picture, a cold coffee pot



at midnight when the muse is ripe for labour,



10

the voice of mr coleridge, a french bonnet



before you in the pit, a pipe and tabour,



a damned inseparable flute and neighbour –



all these are vile, but viler wordsworth’s sonnet



on dover. dover! – who could write upon it?





character of charles brown


i



he is to weet a melancholy carle:



thin in the waist, with bushy head of hair,



as hath the seeded thistle when in parle



it holds the zephyr, ere it sendeth fair



its light balloons into the summer air;



thereto his beard had not begun to bloom,



no brush had touched his chin or razor sheer;



no care had touched his cheek with mortal doom,



but new he was and bright as scarf from persian loom.



ii



10

ne cared he for wine, or half-and-half,



ne cared he for fish or flesh or fowl,



and sauces held he worthless as the chaff;



he ’sdained the swine-herd at the wassail-bowl,



ne with lewd ribbalds sat he cheek by jowl,



ne with sly lemans in the scorner’s chair,



but after water-brooks this pilgrims soul



panted, and all his food was woodland air



though he would oft-times feast on gillyflowers rare.



iii



the slang of cities in no wise he knew,



20

tipping the wink to him was heathen greek.



he sipped no olden tom or ruin blue,



or nantz or cheery-brandy drank full meek



by many a damsel hoarse and rouge of cheek.



nor did he know each aged watchman’s beat,



nor in obscured purlieus would he seek



for curled jewesses, with ankles neat,



who as they walk abroad make tinkling with their feet.





a dream, after reading dante’s episode of paolo and francesca


as hermes once took to his feathers light,



when lulled argus, baffled, swooned and slept,



so on a delphic reed, my idle spright



so played, so charmed, so conquered, so bereft



the dragon-world of all its hundred eyes;



and, seeing it asleep, so fled away –



not to pure ida with its snow-cold skies,



nor unto tempe where jove grieved that day;



but to that second circle of sad hell,



10

where in the gust, the whirlwind, and the flaw



of rain and hail-stones, lovers need not tell



their sorrows. pale were the sweet lips i saw,



pale were the lips i kissed, and fair the form



i floated with, about that melancholy storm.





la belle dame sans merci. a ballad


i



o what can ail thee, knight-at-arms,



alone and palely loitering?



the sedge has withered from the lake,



and no birds sing.



ii



o what can ail thee, knight-at-arms,



so haggard and so woe-begone?



the squirrel’s granary is full,



and the harvest’s done.



iii



i see a lily on thy brow,



10

with anguish moist and fever-dew,



and on thy cheeks a fading rose



fast withereth too.



iv



i met a lady in the meads,



full beautiful – a faery’s child,



her hair was long, her foot was light,



and her eyes were wild.



v



i made a garland for her head,



and bracelets too, and fragrant zone;



she looked at me as she did love,



20

and made sweet moan.



vi



i set her on my pacing steed,



and nothing else saw all day long,



for sidelong would she bend, and sing



a faery’s song.



vii



she found me roots of relish sweet,



and honey wild, and manna-dew,



and sure in language strange she said –



‘i love thee true’.



viii



she took me to her elfin grot,



30

and there she wept and sighed full sore,



and there i shut her wild wild eyes



with kisses four.



ix



and there she lulled me asleep



and there i dreamed – ah! woe betide! –



the latest dream i ever dreamt



on the cold hill side.



x



i saw pale kings and princes too,



pale warriors, death-pale were they all;



they cried – ‘la belle dame sans merci



40

thee hath in thrall!’



xi



i saw their starved lips in the gloam,



with horrid warning gaped wide,



and i awoke and found me here,



on the cold hill’s side.



xii



and this is why i sojourn here



alone and palely loitering,



though the sedge is withered from the lake,



and no birds sing.





song of four faeries


fire, air, earth and water



salamander, zephyr, dusketha, and breama

salamander



happy, happy glowing fire!



zephyr



fragrant air! delicious light!



dusketha



let me to my glooms retire!



breama



i to green-weed rivers bright!



salamander



happy, happy glowing fire!

dazzling bowers of soft retire,

ever let my nourished wing,

like a bat’s, still wandering,

nimbly fan your fiery spaces,

10 spirit sole in deadly places.

in unhaunted roar and blaze,

open eyes that never daze,

let me see the myriad shapes

of men and beasts, and fish, and apes,

portrayed in many a fiery den,

and wrought by spumy bitumen

on the deep intenser roof,

arched every way aloof.

let me breathe upon their skies,

20 and anger their live tapestries;

free from cold, and every care,

of chilly rain, and shivering air.

zephyr



spirit of fire! away! away!

or your very roundelay

will sear my plumage newly budded

from its quilled sheath, and studded

with the self-same dews that fell

on the may-grown asphodel.

spirit of fire! away! away!

breama



30 spirit of fire! away! away!

zephyr, blue-eyed, faery, turn,

and see my cool sedge-buried urn,

where it rests its mossy brim

‘mid water-mint and cresses dim;

and the flowers, in sweet troubles,

lift their eyes above the bubbles,

like our queen, when she would please

to sleep, and oberon will tease,

love me, blue-eyed faery true,

40 soothly i am sick for you.

zephyr



gentle breama! by the first

violet young nature nursed,

i will bathe myself with thee,

so you sometime follow me

to my home, far, far, in west,

beyond the nimble-wheeled quest

of the golden-presenced sun;

come with me, o’er tops of trees,

to my fragrant palaces,

50 where they ever floating are

beneath the cherish of a star

called vesper, who with silver veil

ver hides his brilliance pale,

ever gently-drowsed doth keep

twilight for the fays to sleep.

fear not that your watery hair

will thirst in drouthy ringlets there;

clouds of stored summer rains

thou shalt taste, before the stains

60 from the mountain soil they take,

and too unlucent for thee make.

i love thee, crystal faery, true!

sooth i am as sick for you!

salamander



out, ye aguish faeries, out!

chilly lovers, what a rout

keep ye with your frozen breath,

colder than the mortal death.

adder-eyed dusketha, speak,

shall we leave these, and go seek

70 in the earth’s wide entrails old

couches warm as theirs is cold?

o for a fiery gloom and thee,

dusketha, so enchantingly

freckle-winged and lizard-sided!

dusketha



by thee, sprite, will i be guided!

i care not for cold or heat;

frost or flame, or sparks, or sleet,

to my essence are the same –

but i honour more the flame.

80 sprite of fire, i follow thee

wheresoever it may be,

to the torrid spouts and fountains,

underneath earth-quaked mountains;

or, at thy supreme desire,

touch the very pulse of fire

with my bare unlidded eyes.

salamander



sweet dusketha! paradise!

off, ye icy spirits, fly!

frosty creatures of the sky!

dusketha



90

breathe upon them, fiery sprite!



zephyr and breama



away! away to our delight!



salamander



go, feed on icicles, while we

bedded in tongued flames will be.

dusketha



lead me to those feverous glooms,

sprite of fire!

breama



me to the blooms,



blue-eyed zephyr, of those flowers

far in the west where the may-cloud lowers;

and the beams of still vesper, when winds are all whist,

are shed through the rain and the milder mist,

100 and twilight your floating bowers.





to sleep


o soft embalmer of the still midnight,



shutting, with careful fingers and benign,



our gloom-pleased eyes, embowered from the light,



enshaded in forgetfulness divine:



o soothest sleep! if so it please thee, close



in midst of this thine hymn, my willing eyes,



or wait the ‘amen’, ere thy poppy throws



around my bed its lulling charities.



then save me, or the passed day will shine



10

upon my pillow, breeding many woes;



save me from curious conscience, that still hoards



its strength for darkness, burrowing like the mole;



turn the key deftly in the oiled wards,



and seal the hushed casket of my soul.





‘if by dull rhymes our english must be chained’


if by dull rhymes our english must be chained,



and, like andromeda, the sonnet sweet



fettered, in spite of pained loveliness,



let us find out, if we must be constrained,



sandals more interwoven and complete



to fit the naked foot of poesy:



let us inspect the lyre, and weigh the stress



of every chord, and see what may be gained



by ear industrious, and attention meet;



10

misers of sound and syllable, no less



than midas of his coinage, let us be



jealous of dead leaves in the bay wreath crown;



so, if we may not let the muse be free,



she will be bound with garlands of her own.





ode to psyche


o goddess! hear these tuneless numbers, wrung



by sweet enforcement and remembrance dear,



and pardon that thy secrets should be sung



even into thine own soft-conched ear:



surely i dreamt to-day, or did i see



the winged psyche with awakened eyes?



i wandered in a forest thoughtlessly,



and, on the sudden, fainting with surprise,



saw two fair creatures, couched side by side



10

in deepest grass, beneath the whispering roof



of leaves and trembled blossoms, where there ran



a brooklet, scarce espied:



‘mid hushed, cool-rooted flowers, fragrant-eyed,



blue, silver-white, and budded tyrian,



they lay calm-breathing on the bedded grass;



their arms embraced, and their pinions too;



their lips touched not, but had not bade adieu,



as if disjoined by soft-handed slumber,



and ready still past kisses to outnumber



20

at tender eye-dawn of aurorean love:



the winged boy i knew;



but who wast thou, o happy, happy dove?



his psyche true!



o latest born and loveliest vision far



of all olympus’ faded hierarchy!



fairer than phoebe’s sapphire-regioned star,



or vesper, amorous glow-worm of the sky;



fairer than these, though temple thou hast none,



nor altar heaped with flowers;



30

nor virgin-choir to make delicious moan



upon the midnight hours;



no voice, no lute, no pipe, no incense sweet



from chain-swung censer teeming;



no shrine, no grove, no oracle, no heat



of pale-mouthed prophet dreaming.



o brightest! though too late for antique vows,



too, too late for the fond believing lyre,



when holy were the haunted forest boughs,



holy the air, the water, and the fire;



40

yet even in these days so far retired



from happy pieties, thy lucent fans,



fluttering among the faint olympians,



i see, and sing, by my own eyes inspired.



so let me be thy choir, and make a moan



upon the midnight hours;



thy voice, thy lute, thy pipe, thy incense sweet



from swinged censer teeming –



thy shrine, thy grove, thy oracle, thy heat



of pale-mouthed prophet dreaming.



50

yes, i will be thy priest, and build a fane



in some untrodden region of my mind,



where branched thoughts, new grown with pleasant pain,



instead of pines shall murmur in the wind:



far, far around shall those dark-clustered trees



fledge the wild-ridged mountains steep by steep;



and there by zephyrs, streams, and birds, and bees,



the moss-lain dryads shall be lulled to sleep;



and in the midst of this wide quietness



a rosy sanctuary will i dress



60

with the wreathed trellis of a working brain,



with buds, and bells, and stars without a name,



with all the gardener fancy e’er could feign,



who breeding flowers, will never breed the same:



and there shall be for thee all soft delight



that shadowy thought can win,



a bright torch, and a casement ope at night,



to let the warm love in!





on fame (i)


fame, like a wayward girl, will still be coy



to those who woo her with too slavish knees,



but makes surrender to some thoughtless boy,



and dotes the more upon a heart at ease;



she is gipsy, will not speak to those



who have not learnt to be content without her;



a jilt, whose ear was never whispered close,



who thinks they scandal her who talk about her –



a very gipsy is she, nilus-born,



10

sister-in-law to jealous potiphar.



ye love-sick bards! repay her scorn for scorn;



ye artists lovelorn! madmen that ye are,



make your best bow to her and bid adieu –



then, if she likes it, she will follow you.





on fame (ii)


‘you cannot eat your cake and have it too.’

proverb



how fevered is the man who cannot look



upon his mortal days with temperate blood,



who vexes all the leaves of his lifes book,



and robs his fair name of its maidenhood;



it is as if the rose should pluck herself,



or the ripe plum finger its misty bloom,



as if a naiad, like a meddling elf,



should darken her pure grot with muddy gloom:



but the rose leaves herself upon the briar,



10

for winds to kiss and grateful bees to feed,



and the ripe plum still wears its dim attire,



the undisturbed lake has crystal space;



why then should man, teasing the world for grace,



spoil his salvation for a fierce miscreed?





‘two or three posies’


two or three posies



with two or three simples –



two or three noses



with two or three pimples –



two or three wise men



and two or three ninnies –



two or three purses



and two or three guineas –



two or three raps



10

at two or three doors –



two or three naps



of two or three hours –



two or three cats



and two or three mice –



two or three sprats



at a very great price –



two or three sandies



and two or three tabbies –



two or three dandies



20

and two mrs – mum!



two or three smiles



and two or three frowns –



two or three miles



to two or three towns –



two or three pegs



for two or three bonnets –



two or three dove’s eggs



to hatch into sonnets.





ode on a grecian urn


i



thou still unravished bride of quietness,



thou foster-child of silence and slow time,



sylvan historian, who canst thus express



a flowery tale more sweetly than our rhyme:



what leaf-fringed legend haunts about thy shape



of deities or mortals, or of both,



in tempe or the dales of arcady?



what men or gods are these? what maidens loth?



what mad pursuit? what struggle to escape?



10

what pipes and timbrels? what wild ecstasy?



ii



heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard



are sweeter; therefore, ye soft pipes, play on;



not to the sensual ear, but, more endeared,



pipe to the spirit ditties of no tone:



fair youth, beneath the trees, thou canst not leave



thy song, nor ever can those trees be bare;



bold lover, never, never canst thou kiss,



though winning near the goal – yet, do not grieve:



she cannot fade, though thou hast not thy bliss,



20

for ever wilt thou love, and she be fair!



iii



ah, happy, happy boughs! that cannot shed



your leaves, nor ever bid the spring adieu;



and, happy melodist, unwearied,



for ever piping songs for ever new;



more happy love! more happy, happy love!



for ever warm and still to be enjoyed,



for ever panting, and for ever young –



all breathing human passion far above,



that leaves a heart high-sorrowful and cloyed,



30

a burning forehead, and a parching tongue.



iv



who are these coming to the sacrifice?



to what green altar, o mysterious priest,



leadst thou that heifer lowing at the skies,



and all her silken flanks with garlands dressed?



what little town by river or sea shore,



or mountain-built with peaceful citadel,



is emptied of this folk, this pious morn?



nd, little town, thy streets for evermore



will silent be; and not a soul to tell



40

why thou art desolate, can eer return.



v



o attic shape! fair attitude! with brede



of marble men and maidens overwrought,



with forest branches and the trodden weed;



thou, silent form, dost tease us out of thought



as doth eternity: cold pastoral!



hen old age shall this generation waste,



thou shalt remain, in midst of other woe



than ours, a friend to man, to whom thou say’st,



‘beauty is truth, truth beauty, – that is all



50

ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.’





ode to a nightingale


i



my heart aches, and a drowsy numbness pains



my sense, as though of hemlock i had drunk,



or emptied some dull opiate to the drains



one minute past, and lethe-wards had sunk:



’tis not through envy of thy happy lot,



but being too happy in thine happiness –



that thou, light-winged dryad of the trees,



in some melodious plot



of beechen green, and shadows numberless,



10

singest of summer in full-throated ease.



ii



o, for a draught of vintage! that hath been



cooled a long age in the deep-delved earth,



tasting of flora and the country green,



dance, and provençal song, and sunburnt mirth!



o for a beaker full of the warm south,



full of the true, the blushful hippocrene,



with beaded bubbles winking at the brim,



and purple-stained mouth,



that i might drink, and leave the world unseen,



20

and with thee fade away into the forest dim –



iii



fade far away, dissolve, and quite forget



what thou among the leaves hast never known,



the weariness, the fever, and the fret



here, where men sit and hear each other groan;



where palsy shakes a few, sad, last grey hairs,



where youth grows pale, and spectre-thin, and dies;



where but to think is to be full of sorrow



and leaden-eyed despairs;



where beauty cannot keep her lustrous eyes,



30

or new love pine at them beyond to-morrow.



iv



away! away! for i will fly to thee,



not charioted by bacchus and his pards,



but on the viewless wings of poesy,



though the dull brain perplexes and retards.



already with thee! tender is the night,



and haply the queen-moon is on her throne,



clustered around by all her starry fays;



but here there is no light,



save what from heaven is with the breezes blown



40

through verdurous glooms and winding mossy ways.



v



i cannot see what flowers are at my feet,



nor what soft incense hangs upon the boughs,



but, in embalmed darkness, guess each sweet



wherewith the seasonable month endows



the grass, the thicket, and the fruit-tree wild –



white hawthorn, and the pastoral eglantine;



fast fading violets covered up in leaves;



and mid-may’s eldest child,



the coming musk-rose, full of dewy wine,



50

the murmurous haunt of flies on summer eves.



vi



darkling i listen; and, for many a time



i have been half in love with easeful death,



called him soft names in many a mused rhyme,



to take into the air my quiet breath;



now more than ever seems it rich to die,



to cease upon the midnight with no pain,



while thou art pouring forth thy soul abroad



in such an ecstasy!



still wouldst thou sing, and i have ears in vain –



60

to thy high requiem become a sod.



vii



thou wast not born for death, immortal bird!



no hungry generations tread thee down;



the voice i hear this passing night was heard



in ancient days by emperor and clown:



perhaps the self-same song that found a path



through the sad heart of ruth, when, sick for home,



she stood in tears amid the alien corn;



the same that oft-times hath



charmed magic casements, opening on the foam



70

of perilous seas, in faery lands forlorn.



viii



forlorn! the very word is like a bell



to toll me back from thee to my sole self!



adieu! the fancy cannot cheat so well



as she is famed to do, deceiving elf.



adieu! adieu! thy plaintive anthem fades



past the near meadows, over the still stream,



up the hill-side; and now ’tis buried deep



in the next valley-glades:



was it a vision, or a waking dream?



80

fled is that music – do i wake or sleep?





ode on melancholy


i



no, no, go not to lethe, neither twist



wolf’s-bane, tight-rooted, for its poisonous wine:



nor suffer thy pale forehead to be kissed



by nightshade, ruby grape of proserpine;



make not your rosary of yew-berries,



nor let the beetle, nor the death-moth be



your mournful psyche, nor the downy owl



a partner in your sorrow’s mysteries;



for shade to shade will come too drowsily,



10

and drown the wakeful anguish of the soul.



ii



but when the melancholy fit shall fall



sudden from heaven like a weeping cloud,



that fosters the droop-headed flowers all,



and hides the green hill in an april shroud;



then glut thy sorrow on a morning rose,



or on the rainbow of the salt sand-wave,



or on the wealth of globed peonies;



or if thy mistress some rich anger shows,



emprison her soft hand, and let her rave,



20

and feed deep, deep upon her peerless eyes.



iii



she dwells with beauty – beauty that must die;



and joy, whose hand is ever at his lips



bidding adieu; and aching pleasure nigh,



turning to poison while the bee-mouth sips:



ay, in the very temple of delight



veiled melancholy has her sovran shrine,



though seen of none save him whose strenuous tongue



can burst joy’s grape against his palate fine;



his soul shall taste the sadness of her might,



30

and be among her cloudy trophies hung.





ode on indolence


‘they toil not, neither do they spin.’



i



one morn before me were three figures seen,



with bowed necks, and joined hands, side-faced;



and one behind the other stepped serene,



in placid sandals, and in white robes graced;



they passed, like figures on a marble urn,



when shifted round to see the other side;



they came again; as when the urn once more



is shifted round, the first seen shades return;



and they were strange to me, as may betide



10

with vases, to one deep in phidian lore.



ii



how is it, shadows! that i knew ye not?



how came ye muffled in so hush a masque?



was it a silent deep-disguised plot



to steal away, and leave without a task



my idle days? ripe was the drowsy hour;



the blissful cloud of summer-indolence



benumbed my eyes; my pulse grew less and less;



pain had no sting, and pleasure’s wreath no flower:



o, why did ye not melt, and leave my sense



20

unhaunted quite of all but – nothingness?



iii



a third time passed they by, and, passing, turned



each one the face a moment whiles to me;



then faded, and to follow them i burned



and ached for wings because i knew the three;



the first was a fair maid, and love her name;



the second was ambition, pale of cheek,



and ever watchful with fatigued eye;



the last, whom i love more, the more of blame



is heaped upon her, maiden most unmeek –



30

i knew to be my demon poesy.



iv



they faded, and, forsooth! i wanted wings.



o folly! what is love! and where is it?



and, for that poor ambition – it springs



from a man’s little heart’s short fever-fit.



for poesy! – no, she has not a joy –



at least for me – so sweet as drowsy noons,



and evenings steeped in honeyed indolence.



o, for an age so sheltered from annoy,



that i may never know how change the moons,



40

or hear the voice of busy common-sense!



v



a third time came they by – alas! wherefore?



my sleep had been embroidered with dim dreams;



my soul had been a lawn besprinkled o’er



with flowers, and stirring shades, and baffled beams:



the morn was clouded, but no shower fell,



though in her lids hung the sweet tears of may;



the open casement pressed a new-leaved vine,



let in the budding warmth and throstles lay;



o shadows! twas a time to bid farewell!



50

upon your skirts had fallen no tears of mine.



vi



so, ye three ghosts, adieu! ye cannot raise



my head cool-bedded in the flowery grass;



for i would not be dieted with praise,



a pet-lamb in a sentimental farce!



fade softly from my eyes, and be once more



in masque-like figures on the dreamy urn.



farewell! i yet have visions for the night,



and for the day faint visions there is store.



vanish, ye phantoms! from my idle sprite,



60

into the clouds, and never more return!





otho the great. a tragedy in five acts



dramatis personae


otho the great emperor of germany



ludolph his son



conrad duke of franconia



albert a knight, favoured by otho



sigifred an officer friend of ludolph





ethelbert an abbot



gersa prince of hungary



an hungarian captain



physician



page



nobles, knights, attendants, and soldiers



erminia niece of otho



auranthe conrad’s sister



ladies and attendants



scene: the castle of friedburg, its vicinity, and the hungarian camp

time: one day



act i



scene 1 an apartment in the castle. enter conrad.



conrad so, i am safe emerged from these broils!



amid the wreck of thousands i am whole;



for every crime i have a laurel-wreath,



for every lie a lordship. nor yet has



my ship of fortune furled her silken sails –



let her glide on! this dangered neck is saved,



by dexterous policy, from the rebel’s axe;



and of my ducal palace not one stone



is bruised by the hungarian petards.



10

toil hard, ye slaves, and from the miser-earth



bring forth once more my bullion, treasured deep,



with all my jewelled salvers, silver and gold,



and precious goblets that make rich the wine.



but why do i stand babbling to myself?



where is auranthe? i have news for her



shall –



[enter auranthe]



auranthe conrad! what tidings? good, if i may guess



from your alert eyes and high-lifted brows.



what tidings of the battle? albert? ludolph?



20

otho?



conrad you guess aright. and, sister, slurring o’er



our by-gone quarrels, i confess my heart



is beating with a child’s anxiety,



to make our golden fortune known to you.



auranthe so serious?



conrad yes, so serious, that before



i utter even the shadow of a hint



concerning what will make that sin-worn cheek



blush joyous blood through every lineament,



you must make here a solemn vow to me.



30

auranthe i prithee, conrad, do not overact



the hypocrite. what vow would you impose?



conrad trust me for once. that you may be assured



’tis not confiding in a broken reed,



a poor court-bankrupt, outwitted and lost,



revolve these facts in your acutest mood,



in such a mood as now you listen to me.



a few days since, i was an open rebel –



against the emperor, had suborned his son –



drawn off his nobles to revolt, and shown



40

contented fools causes for discontent,



fresh hatched in my ambition’s eagle nest.



so thrived i as a rebel, and, behold –



now i am otho’s favourite, his dear friend,



his right hand, his brave conrad!



auranthe i confess



you have intrigued with these unsteady times



to admiration. but to be a favourite –



conrad i saw my moment. the hungarians,



collected silently in holes and corners,



appeared, a sudden host, in the open day.



50

i should have perished in our empire’s wreck,



but, calling interest loyalty, swore faith



to most believing otho; and so helped



his blood-stained ensigns to the victory



in yesterday’s hard fight, that it has turned



the edge of his sharp wrath to eager kindness.



auranthe so far yourself. but what is this to me



more than that i am glad? i gratulate you.



conrad yes, sister, but it does regard you greatly,



nearly, momentously – ay, painfully!



60

make me this vow –



auranthe concerning whom or what?



conrad albert!



auranthe i would inquire somewhat of him:



you had a letter from me touching him?



no treason ’gainst his head in deed or word!



surely you spared him at my earnest prayer?



give me the letter – it should not exist!



conrad at one pernicious charge of the enemy,



i, for a moment-whiles, was prisoner ta’en



and rifled – stuff! the horses’ hoofs have minced it!



auranthe he is alive?



conrad he is! but here make oath



70

to alienate him from your scheming brain,



divorce him from your solitary thoughts,



and cloud him in such utter banishment,



that when his person meets again your eye,



your vision shall quite lose its memory,



and wander past him as through vacancy.



auranthe i’ll not be perjured.



conradno, nor great, nor mighty;



you would not wear a crown, or rule a kingdom.



to you it is indifferent.



auranthe what means this?



conrad you’ll not be perjured! go to albert then,



80

that camp-mushroom – dishonour of our house.



go, page his dusty heels upon a march,



furbish his jingling baldric while he sleeps,



and share his mouldy ratio in a siege.



yet stay – perhaps a charm may call you back,



and make the widening circlets of your eyes



sparkle with healthy fevers. the emperor



hath given consent that you should marry ludolph!



auranthe can it be, brother? for a golden crown



with a queen’s awful lips i doubly thank you!



90

this is to wake in paradise! farewell



thou clod of yesterday – ’twas not myself!



not till this moment did i ever feel



my spirit’s faculties! i’ll flatter you



for this, and be you ever proud of it;



thou, jove-like, struckd’st thy forehead,



and from the teeming marrow of thy brain



i spring complete minerva! but the prince –



his highness ludolph – where is he?



conrad i know not:



when, lackeying my counsel at a beck,



100

the rebel lords, on bended knees, received



the emperor’s pardon, ludolph kept aloof,



sole, in a stiff, fool-hardy, sulky pride;



yet, for all this, i never saw a father



in such a sickly longing for his son.



we shall soon see him, for the emperor



he will be here this morning.



auranthe that i heard



among the midnight rumours from the camp.



conrad you give up albert to me?



auranthe harm him not!



e’en for his highness ludolph’s sceptry hand,



110

i would not albert suffer any wrong.



conrad have i not laboured, plotted – ?



auranthe see you spare him:



nor be pathetic, my kind benefactor,



on all the many bounties of your hand –



’twas for yourself you laboured – not for me!



do you not count, when i am queen, to take



advantage of your chance discoveries



of my poor secrets, and so hold a rod



over my life?



conrad let not this slave – this villain –



be cause of feud between us. see! he comes!



120

look, woman, look, your albert is quite safe!



in haste it seems. now shall i be in the way,



and wish’d with silent curses in my grave,



or side by side with ’whelmed mariners.



[enter albert]



albert fair on your graces fall this early morrow!



so it is like to do, without my prayers,



for your right noble names, like favourite tunes,



have fall’n full frequent from our emperor’s lips,



high commented with smiles.



auranthe noble albert!



conrad [aside] noble!



130

auranthe such salutation argues a glad heart



in our prosperity. we thank you, sir.



albert lady! o, would to heaven your poor servant



could do you better service than mere words!



but i have other greeting than mine own,



from no less man than otho, who has sent



this ring as pledge of dearest amity;



’tis chosen i hear from hymen’s jewel’ry,



and you will prize it, lady, i doubt not,



beyond all pleasures past, and all to come.



140

to you great duke –



conrad to me! what of me, ha?



albert what pleased your grace to say?



conrad your message, sir!



albert you mean not this to me?



[exeunt conrad and auranthe]



conrad sister, this way;



for there shall be no ‘gentle alberts’ now,



no ‘sweet auranthes!’ [aside]



albert (solus) the duke is out of temper; if he knows



more than a brother of a sister ought,



i should not quarrel with his peevishness.



auranthe – heaven preserve her always fair! –



is in the heady, proud, ambitious vein;



150

i bicker not with her – bid her farewell!



she has taken flight from me, then let her soar –



he is a fool who stands at pining gaze!



but for poor ludolph, he is food for sorrow:



no levelling bluster of my licensed thoughts,



no military swagger of my mind,



can smother from myself the wrong i’ve done him –



without design, indeed – yet it is so –



and opiate for the conscience have i none! [exit]





scene 2 the court-yard of the castle.

[martial music. enter, from the outer gate, otho, nobles, knights, and attendants. the soldiers halt at the gate, with banners in sight]





otho where is my noble herald?



[enter conrad, from the castle, attended by two knights and servants, albert following]



well, hast told



auranthe our intent imperial?



lest our rent banners, too o’ the sudden shown,



should fright her silken casements, and dismay



her household to our lack of entertainment.



a victory!



conrad god save illustrious otho!



otho ay, conrad, it will pluck out all grey hairs;



it is the best physician for the spleen;



the courtliest inviter to a feast;



10

the subtlest excuser of small faults;



and a nice judge in the age and smack of wine.



[enter, from the castle, auranthe, followed by pages holding up her robes, and a train of women. she kneels]



hail my sweet hostess! i do thank the stars,



or my good soldiers, or their ladies’ eyes,



that, after such a merry battle fought,



i can, all safe in body and in soul,



kiss your fair hand and lady fortune’s too.



my ring! now, on my life, it doth rejoice



these lips to feel’t on this soft ivory!



keep it, my brightest daughter; it may prove



20

the little prologue to a line of kings.



i strove against thee and my hot-blood son,



dull blockhead that i was to be so blind,



but now my sight is clear; forgive me, lady.



auranthe my lord, i was a vassal to your frown,



and now your favour makes me but more humble;



in wintry winds the simple snow is safe,



but fadeth at the greeting of the sun:



unto thine anger i might well have spoken,



taking on me a woman’s privilege,



30

but this so sudden kindness makes me dumb.



otho what need of this? enough, if you will be



a potent tutoress to my wayward boy,



and teach him, what it seems his nurse could not,



to say, for once, i thank you, sigifred!



albert he has not yet returned, my gracious liege.



otho what then! no tidings of my friendly arab?



conrad none, mighty otho.



[to one of his knights, who goes out]



send forth instantly



an hundred horsemen from my honoured gates,



to scour the plains and search the cottages.



40

cry a reward, to him who shall first bring



news of that vanished arabian,



a full-heaped helmet of the purest gold.



otho more thanks, good conrad; for, except my son’s,



there is no face i rather would behold



than that same quick-eyed pagan’s. by the saints,



this coming night of banquets must not light



her dazzling torches; nor the music breathe



smooth, without clashing cymbal, tones of peace



and in-door melodies; nor the ruddy wine



50

ebb spouting to the lees; if i pledge not,



in my first cup, that arab!



albert mighty monarch,



i wonder not this stranger’s victor-deeds



so hang upon your spirit. twice in the fight



it was my chance to meet his olive brow,



triumphant in the enemy’s shattered rhomb;



and, to say truth, in any christian arm



i never saw such prowess.



otho did you ever?



o, ’tis a noble boy! – tut! – what do i say?



i mean a triple saladin, whose eyes,



60 when in the glorious scuffle they met mine,



seemed to say – ‘sleep, old man, in safety sleep;



i am the victory!’



conrad pity he’s not here.



otho and my son too, pity he is not here.



lady auranthe, i would not make you blush,



but can you give a guess where ludolph is?



know you not of him?



auranthe indeed, my liege, no secret –



otho nay, nay, without more words, dost know of him?



auranthe i would i were so over-fortunate,



both for his sake and mine, and to make glad



70

a father’s ears with tidings of his son.



otho i see ’tis like to be a tedious day.



were theodore and gonfrid and the rest



sent forth with my commands?



albert ay, my lord.



otho and no news! no news! ’faith! ’tis very strange



he thus avoids us. lady, is’t not strange?



will he be truant to you too? it is a shame.



conrad will’t please your highness enter, and accept



the unworthy welcome of your servant’s house?



leaving your cares to one whose diligence



80

may in few hours make pleasures of them all.



otho not so tedious, conrad. no, no, no, no –



i must see ludolph or the – what’s that shout!



voices without huzza! huzza! long live the emperor!



other voices fall back! away there!



otho say, what noise is that?



[albert advancing from the back of the stage, whither he had hastened on hearing the cheers of the soldiery]



albert it is young gersa, the hungarian prince,



picked like a red stag from the fallow herd



of prisoners. poor prince, forlorn he steps,



slow, and demure, and proud in his despair.



if i may judge by his so tragic bearing.



90

his eye not downcast, and his folded arm,



he doth this moment wish himself asleep



among his fallen captains on yon plains.



[enter gersa, in chains, and guarded]



otho well said, sir albert.



gersa not a word of greeting,



no welcome to a princely visitor,



most mighty otho? will not my great host



vouchsafe a syllable, before he bids



his gentlemen conduct me with all care



to some securest lodging? – cold perhaps!



otho what mood is this? hath fortune touched thy brain?



100

gersa o kings and princes of this feverous world,



what abject things, what mockeries must ye be,



what nerveless minions of safe palaces!



when here, a monarch, whose proud foot is used



to fallen princes’ necks, as to his stirrup,



must needs exclaim that i am mad forsooth,



because i cannot flatter with bent knees



my conqueror!



otho gersa, i think you wrong me:



i think i have a better fame abroad.



gersa i prithee mock me not with gentle speech,



110

but, as a favour, bid me from thy presence;



let me no longer be the wondering food



of all these eyes; prithee command me hence!



otho do not mistake me, gersa. that you may not,



come, fair auranthe, try if your soft hands



can manage those hard rivets to set free



so brave a prince and soldier.



auranthe [sets him free] welcome task!



gersa i am wound up in deep astonishment!



thank you, fair lady. otho! emperor!



you rob me of myself; my dignity



120

is now your infant; i am a weak child.



otho give me your hand, and let this kindly grasp



live in our memories.



gersa in mine it will.



i blush to think of my unchastened tongue;



but i was haunted by the monstrous ghost



of all our slain battalions. sire, reflect,



and pardon you will grant, that, at this hour,



the bruised remnants of our stricken camp



are huddling undistinguished, my dear friends



with common thousands, into shallow graves.



130

otho enough, most noble gersa. you are free



to cheer the brave remainder of your host



by your own healing presence, and that too,



not as their leader merely, but their king;



for, as i hear, the wily enemy,



who eased the crownet from your infant brows



bloody taraxa, is among the dead.



gersa then i retire, so generous otho please,



bearing with me a weight of benefits



too heavy to be borne.



otho it is not so;



140

still understand me, king of hungary,



nor judge my open purposes awry.



though i did hold you high in my esteem



for your self’s sake, i do not personate



the stage-play emperor to entrap applause,



to set the silly sort o’ the world agape,



and make the politic smile; no, i have heard



how in the council you condemned this war,



urging the perfidy of broken faith –



for that i am your friend.



gersa if ever, sire,



150

you are my enemy, i dare here swear



‘twill not be gersa’s fault. otho, farewell!



otho will you return, prince, to our banqueting?



gersa as to my father’s board i will return.



otho conrad, with all due ceremony, give



the prince a regal escort to his camp;



albert, go thou and bear him company.



gersa, farewell!



gersa all happiness attend you!



otho return with what good speed you may; for soon



we must consult upon our terms of peace.



[exeunt gersa and albert with others]



160

and thus a marble column do i build



to prop my empire’s dome. conrad, in thee



i have another steadfast one, to uphold



the portals of my state; and, for my own



pre-eminence and safety, i will strive



to keep thy strength upon its pedestal.



for, without thee, this day i might have been



a show-monster about the streets of prague,



in chains, as just now stood that noble prince:



and then to me no mercy had been shown,



170

for when the conquered lion is once dungeoned,



who lets him forth again? or dares to give



an old lion sugar-cates of mild reprieve?



not to thine ear alone i make confession,



but to all here, as, by experience,



i know how the great basement of all power



is frankness, and a true tongue to the world;



and how intriguing secrecy is proof



of fear and weakness, and a hollow state.



conrad, i owe thee much.



conrad	to kiss that hand,



180

my emperor, is ample recompense,



for a mere act of duty.



otho thou art wrong;



for what can any man on earth do more?



we will make trial of your house’s welcome,



my bright auranthe!



conrad	how is friedburg honoured!



[enter ethelbert and six monks]



ethelbert the benison of heaven on your head,



imperial otho!



otho who stays me? speak! quick!



ethelbert pause but one moment, mighty conqueror,



upon the threshold of this house of joy.



otho pray, do not prose, good ethelbert, but speak



190

what is your purpose.



ethelbert the restoration of some captive maids,



devoted to heaven’s pious ministries,



who, driven forth from their religious cells,



and kept in thraldom by our enemy,



when late this province was a lawless spoil,



still weep amid the wild hungarian camp,



though hemmed around by thy victorious arms.



otho demand the holy sisterhood in our name



from gersa’s tents. farewell, old ethelbert.



ethelbert the saints will bless you for this pious care.



200

otho daughter, your hand; ludolph’s would fit it best.



conrad ho! let the music sound!



[music. ethelbert raises his hands, as in benediction of otho. exeunt severally. the scene closes on them]



scene 3 the country, with the castle in the distance.

[enter ludolph and sigifred]

ludolph you have my secret; let it not be breath’d.



sigifred still give me leave to wonder that the prince



ludolph and the swift arab are the same;



still to rejoice that ’twas a german arm



death doing in a turbaned masquerade.



ludolph the emperor must not know it, sigifred.



sigifred i prithee, why? what happier hour of time



could thy pleased star point down upon from heaven



with silver index, bidding thee make peace?



10

ludolph still it must not be known, good sigifred;



the star may point oblique.



sigifred	if otho knew



his son to be that unknown mussulman



after whose spurring heels he sent me forth,



with one of his well-pleased olympian oaths,



the charters of man’s greatness, at this hour



he would be watching round the castle walls,



and, like an anxious warder, strain his sight



for the first glimpse of such a son returned –



ludolph, that blast of the hungarians,



20

that saracenic meteor of the fight,



that silent fury, whose fell scimitar



kept danger all aloof from otho’s head,



and left him space for wonder.



ludolph	say no more.



not as a swordsman would i pardon claim,



but as a son. the bronzed centurion,



long toiled in foreign wars, and whose high deeds



are shaded in a forest of tall spears,



known only to his troop, hath greater plea



of favour with my sire than i can have.



30

sigifred my lord, forgive me that i cannot see



how this proud temper with clear reason squares.



what made you then, with such an anxious love,



hover around that life, whose bitter days



you vexed with bad revolt? was’t opium,



or the mad-fumed wine? nay, do not frown,



i rather would grieve with you than upbraid.



ludolph i do believe you. no, ’twas not to make



a father his son’s debtor, or to heal



his deep heart-sickness for a rebel child.



40

’twas done in memory of my boyish days,



poor cancel for his kindness to my youth,



for all his calming of my childish griefs,



and all his smiles upon my merriment.



no, not a thousand foughten fields could sponge



those days paternal from my memory,



though now upon my head he heaps disgrace.



sigifred my prince, you think too harshly –



ludolphcan i so?



hath he not galled my spirit to the quick?



and with a sullen rigour obstinate



50

poured out a phial of wrath upon my faults?



hunted me as a tartar does the boar,



driven me to the very edge o’ the world,



and almost put a price upon my head?



sigifred remember how he spared the rebel lords.



ludolph yes, yes, i know he hath a noble nature



that cannot trample on the fallen. but his



is not the only proud heart in his realm.



he hath wronged me, and i have done him wrong;



he hath loved me, and i have shown him kindness;



60

we should be almost equal.



sigifredyet, for all this,



i would you had appeared among those lords,



and taken his favour.



ludolphha! till now i thought



my friend had held poor ludolph’s honour dear.



what! would you have me sue before his throne



and kiss the courtier’s missal, its silk steps?



or hug the golden housings of his steed,



amid a camp, whose steeled swarms i dared



but yesterday? and, at the trumpet sound,



bow like some unknown mercenary’s flag,



70

and lick the soiled grass? no, no, my friend,



i would not, i, be pardoned in the heap,



and bless indemnity with all that scum –



those men i mean, who on my shoulders propped



their weak rebellion, winning me with lies,



and pitying forsooth my many wrongs;



poor self-deceived wretches, who must think



each one himself a king in embryo,



because some dozen vassals cried – ‘my lord!’



cowards, who never knew their little hearts,



80

till flurried danger held the mirror up,



and then they owned themselves without a blush,



curling, like spaniels, round my father’s feet.



such things deserted me and are forgiven,



while i, least guilty, am an outcast still,



and will be, for i love such fair disgrace.



sigifred i know the clear truth; so would otho see,



for he is just and noble. fain would i



be pleader for you –



ludolphhe’ll hear none of it;



you know his temper, hot, proud, obstinate;



90

endanger not yourself so uselessly.



i will encounter his thwart spleen myself,



to-day, at the duke conrad’s, where he keeps



his crowded state after the victory,



there will i be, a most unwelcome guest,



and parley with him, as a son should do,



who doubly loathes a father’s tyranny;



tell him how feeble is that tyranny;



how the relationship of father and son



is no more valid than a silken leash



100

where lions tug adverse, if love grow not



from interchanged love through many years.



ay, and those turreted franconian walls,



like to a jealous casket, hold my pearl –



my fair auranthe! yes, i will be there.



sigifred be not so rash; wait till his wrath shall pass,



until his royal spirit softly ebbs



self-influenced; then, in his morning dreams



he will forgive thee, and awake in grief



to have not thy good morrow.



ludolph yes, today



110

i must be there, while her young pulses beat



among the new-plumed minions of the war.



have you seen her of late? no? auranthe,



franconia’s fair sister, ’tis i mean.



she should be paler for my troublous days –



and there it is – my father’s iron lips



have sworn divorcement ’twixt me and my right.



sigifred [aside] auranthe! i had hoped this whim had passed.



ludolph and, sigifred, with all his love of justice,



when will he take that grandchild in his arms,



120

that, by my love i swear, shall soon be his?



this reconcilement is impossible,



for see – but who are these?



sigifred they are messengers



from our great emperor; to you, i doubt not,



for couriers are abroad to seek you out.



[enter theodore and gonfrid]



theodore seeing so many vigilant eyes explore



the province to invite your highness back



to your high dignities, we are too happy.



gonfrid we have no eloquence to colour justly



the emperor’s anxious wishes.



ludolphgo. i follow you.



[exeunt theodore and gonfrid]



130

i play the prude: it is but venturing –



why should he be so earnest? come, my friend,



let us to friedburg castle.





act ii

scene 1 an antechamber in the castle.

[enter ludolph and sigifred]

ludolph no more advices, no more cautioning:



i leave it all to fate – to any thing!



i cannot square my conduct to time, place,



or circumstance; to me ’tis all a mist!



sigifred i say no more.



ludolphit seems i am to wait



here in the anteroom – that may be a trifle.



you see now how i dance attendance here,



without that tyrant temper, you so blame,



snapping the rein. you have medicined me



10

with good advices; and i here remain,



in this most honourable anteroom,



your patient scholar.



sigifreddo not wrong me, prince.



by heavens, i’d rather kiss duke conrad’s slipper,



when in the morning he doth yawn with pride,



than see you humbled but a half-degree!



truth is, the emperor would fain dismiss



the nobles ere he sees you.



[enter gonfrid, from the council-room]



ludolphwell, sir! what?



gonfrid great honour to the prince! the emperor,



hearing that his brave son had re-appeared,



20

instant dismissed the council from his sight,



as jove fans off the clouds. even now they pass.



[enter the nobles from the council-room. they cross the stage, bowing with respect to ludolph, he frowning on them. conrad follows. exeunt nobles]



ludolph not the discoloured poisons of a fen,



which he who breathes feels warning of his death,



could taste so nauseous to the bodily sense



as these prodigious sycophants disgust



the soul’s fine palate.



conrad princely ludolph, hail!



welcome, thou younger sceptre to the realm!



strength to thy virgin crownet’s golden buds,



that they, against the winter of thy sire,



30

may burst, and swell, and flourish round thy brows,



maturing to a weighty diadem!



yet be that hour far off; and may he live,



who waits for thee, as the chapped earth for rain.



set my life’s star! i have lived long enough,



since under my glad roof, propitiously,



father and son each other re-possess.



ludolph fine wording, duke! but words could never yet



forestall the fates; have you not learnt that yet?



let me look well – your features are the same;



40

your gait the same; your hair of the same shade;



as one i knew some passed weeks ago,



who sung far different notes into mine ears.



i have mine own particular comments on’t;



you have your own, perhaps.



conrad my gracious prince,



all men may err. in truth i was deceived



in your great father’s nature, as you were.



had i known that of him i have since known,



and what you soon will learn, i would have turned



my sword to my own throat, rather than held



50

its threatening edge against a good king’s quiet:



or with one word fevered you, gentle prince,



who seemed to me, as rugged times then went,



indeed too much oppressed. may i be bold



to tell the emperor you. will haste to him?



[exit conrad]



ludolph your dukedom’s privilege will grant so much.



he’s very close to otho, a tight leech!



your hand – i go. ha! here the thunder comes



sullen against the wind! if in two angry brows



my safety lies, then sigifred, i’m safe.



[enter otho and conrad]



60

otho will you make titan play the lackey-page



to chattering pigmies? i would have you know



that such neglect of our high majesty



annuls all feel of kindred. what is son –



or friend, or brother, or all ties of blood –



when the whole kingdom, centred in ourself,



is rudely slighted? who am i to wait?



by peter’s chair! i have upon my tongue



a word to fright the proudest spirit here! –



death! – and slow tortures to the hardy fool,



70

who dares take such large charter from our smiles!



conrad, we would be private. sigifred!



off! and none pass this way on pain of death!



[exeunt conrad and sigifred]



ludolph this was but half expected, my good sire,



yet i am grieved at it, to the full height,



as though my hopes of favour had been whole.



otho how you indulge yourself! what can you hope for?



ludolph nothing, my liege; i have to hope for nothing.



i come to greet you as a loving son,



and then depart, if i may be so free,



80

seeing that blood of yours in my warm veins



has not yet mitigated into milk.



otho what would you, sir?



ludolph a lenient banishment;



so please you let me unmolested pass



this conrad’s gates, to the wide air again.



i want no more. a rebel wants no more.



otho and shall i let a rebel loose again



to muster kites and eagles ’gainst my head?



no, obstinate boy, you shall be kept caged up,



served with harsh food, with scum for sunday-drink.



90

ludolph indeed!



otho and chains too heavy for your life:



i’ll choose a gaoler, whose swart monstrous face



shall be a hell to look upon, and she –



ludolphha!



otho shall be your fair auranthe.



ludolph amaze! amaze!



otho today you marry her.



ludolph this is a sharp jest!



otho no. none at all. when have i said a lie?



ludolph if i sleep not, i am a waking wretch.



otho not a word more. let me embrace my child.



ludolph i dare not. ’twould pollute so good a father!



100

o heavy crime! that your son’s blinded eyes



could not see all his parent’s love aright,



as now i see it. be not kind to me –



punish me not with favour.



otho are you sure,



ludolph, you have no saving plea in store?



ludolph my father, none!



otho then you astonish me.



ludolph no, i have no plea. disobedience,



rebellion, obstinacy, blasphemy,



are all my counsellors. if they can make



my crooked deeds show good and plausible,



110

then grant me loving pardon, but not else,



good gods! not else, in any way, my liege!



otho you are a most perplexing, noble boy.



ludolph you not less a perplexing noble father.



otho well, you shall have free passport through the gates.



farewell!



ludolph farewell! and by these tears believe,



and still remember, i repent in pain



all my misdeeds!



otho ludolph, i will! i will!



but, ludolph, ere you go, i would inquire



if you, in all your wandering, ever met



120

a certain arab haunting in these parts.



ludolph no, my good lord, i cannot say i did.



otho make not your father blind before his time;



nor let these arms paternal hunger more



for an embrace, to dull the appetite



of my great love for thee, my supreme child!



come close, and let me breathe into thine ear.



i knew you through disguise. you are the arab!



you can’t deny it. [embracing him]



ludolphhappiest of days!



otho we’ll make it so.



ludolph‘stead of one fatted calf



130

ten hecatombs shall bellow out their last,



smote ’twixt the horns by the death-stunning mace



of mars, and all the soldiery shall feast



nobly as nimrod’s masons, when the towers



of nineveh new kissed the parted clouds!



otho large as a god speak out, where all is thine.



ludolph ay, father, but the fire in my sad breast



is quenched with inward tears! i must rejoice



for you, whose wings so shadow over me



in tender victory, but for myself



140

i still must mourn. the fair auranthe mine!



too great a boon! i prithee let me ask



what more than i know of could so have changed



your purpose touching her?



otho at a word, this:



in no deed did you give me more offence



than your rejection of erminia.



to my appalling, i saw too good proof



of your keen-eyed suspicion – she is naught!



ludolph you are convinced?



otho ay, spite of her sweet looks.



o, that my brother’s daughter should so fall!



150

her fame has passed into the grosser lips



of soldiers in their cups.



ludolph’tis very sad.



otho no more of her, auranthe – ludolph, come!



this marriage be the bond of endless peace! [exeunt]





scene 2 the entrance of gersa’s tent in the hungarian camp.

[enter erminia]



erminia where! where! where shall i find a messenger?



a trusty soul? a good man in the camp?



shall i go myself? monstrous wickedness!



o cursed conrad! devilish auranthe!



here is proof palpable as the bright sun!



o for a voice to reach the emperor’s ears!



[shouts in the camp]



[enter an hungarian captain]



captain fair prisoner, you hear those joyous shouts?



the king – ay, now our king – but still your slave,



young gersa, from a short captivity



10

has just returned. he bids me say, bright dame,



that even the homage of his ranged chiefs



cures not his keen impatience to behold



such beauty once again. what ails you, lady?



erminia say, is not that a german, yonder? there!



captain methinks by his stout bearing he should be –



yes – it is albert; a brave german knight,



and much in the emperor’s favour.



erminia i would fain



inquire of friends and kinsfolk, how they fared



in these rough times. brave soldier, as you pass



20 to royal gersa with my humble thanks,



will you send yonder knight to me?



captaini will. [exit]



erminia yes, he was ever known to be a man



frank, open, generous; albert i may trust.



o proof! proof! proof! albert’s an honest man;



not ethelbert the monk, if he were here,



would i hold more trustworthy. now!



[enter albert]



albert good gods!



lady erminia! are you prisoner



in this beleaguered camp? or are you here



of your own will? you pleased to send for me.



30 by venus, ’tis a pity i knew not



your plight before and, by her son, i swear



to do you every service you can ask.



what would the fairest –?



erminiaalbert, will you swear?



albert i have. well?



erminiaalbert, you have fame to lose.



if men, in court and camp, lie not outright,



you should be, from a thousand, chosen forth



to do an honest deed. shall i confide –?



albert ay, anything to me, fair creature. do;



dictate my task. sweet woman –



erminia truce with that.



40

you understand me not; and, in your speech,



i see how far the slander is abroad.



without proof could you think me innocent?



albert lady, i should rejoice to know you so.



erminia if you have any pity for a maid,



suffering a daily death from evil tongues;



any compassion for that emperor’s niece,



who, for your bright sword and clear honesty,



lifted you from the crowd of common men



into the lap of honour – save me, knight!



50

albert how? make it clear; if it be possible,



i, by the banner of saint maurice, swear



to right you.



erminia possible! – easy. o my heart!



this letter’s not so soiled but you may read it –



possible! there – that letter! read – read it.



[gives him a letter]



albert [reads it] ‘to the duke conrad. – forget the threat you made at parting, and i will forget to send the emperor letters and papers of yours i have become possessed of. his life is no trifle to me; his death you shall find none to yourself.’ [speaks to himself] ’tis me ()60() – my life that’s pleaded for! [reads] ‘he, for his own sake, will be dumb as the grave. erminia has my shame fixed upon her, sure as a wen. we are safe. auranthe.’



a she-devil! a dragon! i her imp!



fire of hell! auranthe – lewd demon!



where got you this? where? when?



erminia i found it in the tent, among some spoils



which, being noble, fell to gersa’s lot.



come in, and see. [they go in and return]



albert villainy! villainy!



conrad’s sword, his corselet, and his helm,



70

and his letter. caitiff, he shall feel –



erminia i see you are thunderstruck. haste, haste away!



albert o i am tortured by this villainy.



erminia you needs must be. carry it swift to otho;



tell him, moreover, i am prisoner



here in this camp, where all the sisterhood,



forced from their quiet cells, are parcelled out



for slaves among these huns. away! away!



albert i am gone.



erminia swift be your steed! within this hour



the emperor will see it.



albert ere i sleep:



80

that i can swear. [hurries out]



gersa [without] brave captains! thanks. enough



of loyal homage now!



[enter gersa]



erminia hail, royal hun!



gersa what means this, fair one? why in such alarm?



who was it hurried by me so distract?



it seemed you were in deep discourse together;



your doctrine has not been so harsh to him



as to my poor deserts. come, come, be plain.



i am no jealous fool to kill you both,



or, for such trifles, rob the adorned world



of such a beauteous vestal.



erminia i grieve, my lord,



90

to hear you condescend to ribald phrase.



gersa this is too much! hearken, my lady pure!



erminia silence! and hear the magic of a name –



erminia! i am she – the emperor’s niece!



praised be the heavens, i now dare own myself!



gersa erminia! indeed! i’ve heard of her.



prithee, fair lady, what chance brought you here?



erminia ask your own soldiers.



gersa and you dare own your name.



for loveliness you may – and for the rest



my vein is not censorious.



erminia alas! poor me!



100

’tis false indeed.



gersa indeed you are too fair:



the swan, soft leaning on her fledgy breast,



when to the stream she launches, looks not back



with such a tender grace; nor are her wings



so white as your soul is, if that but be



twin-picture to your face. erminia!



today, for the first day, i am a king,



yet would i give my unworn crown away



to know you spotless.



erminia trust me one day more,



generously, without more certain guarantee,



110

than this poor face you deign to praise so much;



after that, say and do whate’er you please.



if i have any knowledge of you, sir,



i think, nay i am sure, you will grieve much



to hear my story. o be gentle to me,



for i am sick and faint with many wrongs,



tired out, and weary-worn with contumelies.



gersa poor lady!



[enter ethelbert]



erminia gentle prince, ’tis false indeed.



good morrow, holy father! i have had



your prayers, though i looked for you in vain.



120

ethelbert blessings upon you, daughter! sure you look



too cheerful for these foul pernicious days.



young man, you heard this virgin say ’twas false –



’tis false, i say. what! can you not employ



your temper elsewhere, ’mong these burly tents,



but you must taunt this dove, for she hath lost



the eagle otho to beat off assault?



fie! fie! but i will be her guard myself;



in the emperor’s name, i here demand of you



herself, and all her sisterhood. she false!



130

gersa peace! peace, old man! i cannot think she is.



ethelbert whom i have known from her first infancy,



baptized her in the bosom of the church,



watched her, as anxious husbandmen the grain,



from the first shoot till the unripe mid-may,



then to the tender ear of her june days,



which, lifting sweet abroad its timid green,



is blighted by the touch of calumny;



you cannot credit such a monstrous tale.



gersa i cannot. take her. fair erminia,



140

i follow you to friedburg – is’t not so?



erminia ay, so we purpose.



ethelbert daughter, do you so?



how’s this? i marvel! yet you look not mad.



erminia i have good news to tell you, ethelbert.



gersa ho! ho, there! guards!



your blessing, father! sweet erminia,



believe me, i am well nigh sure –



erminia farewell!



short time will show.



[enter chiefs]



yes, father ethelbert,



i have news precious as we pass along.



ethelbert dear daughter, you shall guide me.



erminia to no ill.



150

gersa command an escort to the friedburg lines.



[exeunt chiefs]



pray let me lead. fair lady, forget not



gersa, how he believed you innocent.



i follow you to friedburg with all speed. [exeunt]





act iii

scene 1 the country.

[enter albert]





albert o that the earth were empty, as when cain



had no perplexity to hide his head!



or that the sword of some brave enemy



had put a sudden stop to my hot breath,



and hurled me down the illimitable gulf



of times past, unremembered! better so



than thus fast-limed in a cursed snare,



the limbo of a wanton. this the end



of an aspiring life! my boyhood passed



10 in feud with wolves and bears, when no eye saw



the solitary warfare, fought for love



of honour ’mid the growling wilderness.



my sturdier youth, maturing to the sword,



won by the siren-trumpets, and the ring



of shields upon the pavement, when bright-mailed



henry the fowler passed the streets of prague.



was’t to this end i louted and became



the menial of mars, and held a spear



swayed by command, as corn is by the wind?



20 is it for this, i now am lifted up



by europe’s throned emperor, to see



my honour be my executioner –



my love of fame, my prided honesty



put to the torture for confessional?



then the damned crime of blurting to the world



a woman’s secret! – though a fiend she be,



too tender of my ignominious life –



but then to wrong the generous emperor



in such a searching point, were to give up



30 my soul for football at hell’s holiday!



i must confess – and cut my throat – today?



tomorrow? ho! some wine!



[enter sigifred]



sigifred a fine humour –



albert who goes there? count sigifred? ha! ha! ha!



sigifred what, man, do you mistake the hollow sky



for a thronged tavern – and these stubbed trees



for old serge hangings – me, your humble friend,



for a poor waiter? why, man, how you stare!



what gipsies have you been carousing with?



no, no more wine; methinks you’ve had enough.



40 albert you well may laugh and banter. what a fool



an injury may make of a staid man!



you shall know all anon.



sigifred some tavern brawl?



albert ’twas with some people out of common reach;



revenge is difficult.



sigifred i am your friend;



we meet again today, and can confer



upon it. for the present i’m in haste.



albert whither?



sigifred to fetch king gersa to the feast.



the emperor on this marriage is so hot,



pray heaven it end not in apoplexy!



50 the very porters, as i passed the doors,



heard his loud laugh, and answered in full choir.



i marvel, albert, you delay so long



from these bright revelries; go, show yourself,



you may be made a duke.



albert ay, very like:



pray, what day has his highness fixed upon?



sigifred for what?



albert the marriage. what else can i mean?



sigifred today! o, i forgot, you could not know;



the news is scarce a minute old with me.



albert married today! today! you did not say so?



60 sigifred now, while i speak to you, their comely heads



are bowed before the mitre.



albert o! monstrous!



sigifred what is this?



albert nothing, sigifred. farewell!



we’ll meet upon our subject. farewell, count! [exit]



sigifred is this clear-headed albert? he brain-turned!



’tis as portentous as a meteor. [exit]





scene 2 an apartment in the castle.

[enter, as from the marriage, otho, ludolph, auranthe, conrad, nobles, knights, ladies, etc. music]



otho now, ludolph! now, auranthe! daughter fair!



what can i find to grace your nuptial day



more than my love, and these wide realms in fee?



ludolph i have too much.



auranthe and i, my liege, by far.



ludolph auranthe! i have! o, my bride, my love!



not all the gaze upon us can restrain



my eyes, too long poor exiles from thy face,



from adoration, and my foolish tongue



from uttering soft responses to the love



10 i see in thy mute beauty beaming forth!



fair creature, bless me with a single word!



all mine!



auranthe spare, spare me, my lord; i swoon else.



ludolph soft beauty! by tomorrow i should die,



wert thou not mine. [they talk apart]



first lady	how deep she has bewitched him!



first knight ask you for her receipt for love philtres.



second lady they hold the emperor in admiration.



otho if ever king was happy, that am i!



what are the cities ’yond the alps to me,



the provinces about the danube’s mouth



20 the promise of fair sail beyond the rhone;



or routing out of hyperborean hordes,



to these fair children, stars of a new age?



unless perchance i might rejoice to win



this little ball of earth, and chuck it them



to play with!



auranthe nay, my lord, i do not know.



ludolph let me not famish.



otho [to conrad] good franconia,



you heard what oath i sware, as the sun rose,



that unless heaven would send me back my son,



my arab, no soft music should enrich



30 the cool wine, kissed off with a soldier’s smack;



now all my empire, bartered for one feast,



seems poverty.



conrad upon the neighbour-plain



the heralds have prepared a royal lists;



your knights, found war-proof in the bloody field,



speed to the game.



otho well, ludolph, what say you?



ludolph my lord!



otho a tourney?



conrad or, if’t please you best –



ludolph i want no more!



first lady he soars!



second lady past all reason.



ludolph though heaven’s choir



should in a vast circumference descend



40 and sing for my delight, i’d stop my ears!



though bright apollo’s car stood burning here,



and he put out an arm to bid me mount,



his touch an immortality, not i!



this earth, this palace, this room, auranthe!



otho this is a little painful; just too much.



conrad, if he flames longer in this wise,



i shall believe in wizard-woven loves



and old romances; but i’ll break the spell.



ludolph!



conrad he’ll be calm, anon.



[a sennet heard faintly]



ludolphyou called?



50 yes, yes, yes, i offend. you must forgive me;



not being quite recovered from the stun



of your large bounties. a tourney, is it not?



conrad the trumpets reach us.



ethelbert [without] on your peril, sirs,



detain us!



first voice [without] let not the abbot pass.



second voice [without]no,



on your lives!



first voice [without] holy father, you must not.



ethelbert [without] otho!



otho who calls on otho?



ethelbert [without] ethelbert!



otho let him come in.



[enter ethelbert leading in erminia]



thou cursed abbot, why



hast brought pollution to our holy rites?



hast thou no fear of hangmen, or the faggot?



60

ludolph what portent – what strange prodigy is this?



conrad away!



ethelbert you, duke?



erminia albert has surely failed me!



looked at the emperor’s brow upon me bent!



ethelbert a sad delay!



conrad away, thou guilty thing!



ethelbert you again, duke? justice, most noble otho!



you – go to your sister there and plot again,



a quick plot, swift as thought to save your heads;



for lo! the toils are spread around your den,



the world is all agape to see dragged forth



two ugly monsters.



ludolphwhat means he, my lord?



70

conrad i cannot guess.



ethelbert best ask your lady sister,



whether the riddle puzzles her beyond



the power of utterance.



conrad foul barbarian, cease:



the princess faints!



ludolphstab him! o, sweetest wife!



[attendants bear off auranthe]



erminia alas!



ethelbert your wife?



ludolph ay, satan! does that yerk ye?



ethelbert wife! so soon!



ludolphay, wife! o, impudence!



thou bitter mischief! venomous bad priest!



how darest thou lift those beetle brows at me?



me – the prince ludolph, in this presence here,



upon my marriage-day, and scandalize



80 my joys with such opprobrious surprise?



wife! why dost linger on that syllable,



as if it were some demon’s name pronounced



to summon harmful lightning, and make yawn



the sleepy thunder? hast no sense of fear?



no ounce of man in thy mortality?



tremble! for, at my nod, the sharpened axe



will make thy bold tongue quiver to the roots,



those grey lids wink, and thou not know it, monk!



ethelbert o, poor deceived prince! i pity thee!



90 great otho! i claim justice –



ludolph thou shalt have ’t!



thine arms from forth a pulpit of hot fire



shall sprawl distracted! o that that dull cowl



were some most sensitive portion of thy life,



that i might give it to my hounds to tear!



thy girdle some fine zealous-pained nerve



to girth my saddle! and those devil’s beads



each one a life, that i might, every day,



crush one with vulcan’s hammer!



otho peace, my son;



you far outstrip my spleen in this affair.



100 let us be calm, and hear the abbot’s plea



for this intrusion.



ludolph i am silent, sire.



otho conrad, see all depart not wanted here.



[exeunt knights, ladies, etc.]



ludolph, be calm. ethelbert, peace awhile.



this mystery demands an audience



of a just judge, and that will otho be.



ludolph why has he time to breathe another word?



otho ludolph, old ethelbert, be sure, comes not



to beard us for no cause; he’s not the man



to cry himself up an ambassador



without credentials.



110

ludolph i’ll chain up myself.



otho old abbot, stand here forth. lady erminia,



sit. and now, abbot! what have you to say?



our ear is open. first we here denounce



hard penalties against thee, if ’t be found



the cause for which you have disturbed us here,



making our bright hours muddy, be a thing



of little moment.



ethelbert see this innocent!



otho! thou father of the people called,



is her life nothing? her fair honour nothing?



120 her tears from matins until even-song



nothing? her burst heart nothing? emperor!



is this your gentle niece – the simplest flower



of the world’s herbal – this fair lily blanched



still with the dews of piety, this meek lady



here sitting like an angel newly-shent,



who veils its snowy wings and grows all pale –



is she nothing?



otho what more to the purpose, abbot?



ludolph whither is he winding?



conrad no clue yet!



ethelbert you have heard, my liege, and so, no doubt, all here,



130 foul, poisonous, malignant whisperings;



nay open speech, rude mockery grown common,



against the spotless nature and clear fame



of the princess erminia, your niece.



i have intruded here thus suddenly,



because i hold those base weeds, with tight hand,



which now disfigure her fair growing stem,



waiting but for your sign to pull them up



by the dark roots, and leave her palpable,



to all men’s sight, a lady, innocent.



140 the ignominy of that whispered tale



about a midnight gallant, seen to climb



a window to her chamber neighboured near,



i will from her turn off, and put the load



on the right shoulders; on that wretch’s head,



who, by close stratagems, did save herself,



chiefly by shifting to this lady’s room



a rope-ladder for false witness.



ludolph most atrocious!



otho ethelbert, proceed.



ethelbert with sad lips i shall:



for, in the healing of one wound, i fear



150 to make a greater. his young highness here



today was married.



ludolphgood.



ethelbert would it were good!



yet why do i delay to spread abroad



the names of those two vipers, from whose jaws



a deadly breath went forth to taint and blast



this guileless lady?



otho abbot, speak their names.



ethelbert a minute first. it cannot be – but may



i ask, great judge, if you today have put



a letter by unread?



otho does ’t end in this?



conrad out with their names!



ethelbert bold sinner, say you so?



160

ludolph out, tedious monk!



otho confess, or by the wheel –



ethelbert my evidence cannot be far away;



and, though it never come, be on my head



the crime of passing an attaint upon



the slanderers of this virgin.



ludolphspeak aloud!



ethelbert auranthe, and her brother there.



conrad amaze!



ludolph throw them from the windows!



otho do what you will!



ludolphwhat shall i do with them?



something of quick dispatch, for should she hear,



my soft auranthe, her sweet mercy would



170 prevail against my fury. damned priest!



what swift death wilt thou die? as to the lady



i touch her not.



ethelbert illustrious otho, stay!



an ample store of misery thou hast,



choke not the granary of thy noble mind



with more bad bitter grain, too difficult



a cud for the repentance of a man



grey-growing. to thee only i appeal,



not to thy noble son, whose yeasting youth



will clear itself, and crystal turn again.



180 a young man’s heart, by heaven’s blessing, is



a wide world, where a thousand new-born hopes



empurple fresh the melancholy blood:



but an old man’s is narrow, tenantless



of hopes, and stuffed with many memories,



which, being pleasant, ease the heavy pulse –



painful, clog up and stagnate. weight this matter



even as a miser balances his coin;



and, in the name of mercy, give command



that your knight albert be brought here before you.



190 he will expound this riddle; he will show



a noon-day proof of bad auranthe’s guilt.



otho let albert straight be summoned.



[exit one of the nobles]



ludolphimpossible!



i cannot doubt – i will not – no – to doubt



is to be ashes! – withered up to death!



otho my gentle ludolph, harbour not a fear;



you do yourself much wrong.



ludolpho, wretched dolt!



now, when my foot is almost on thy neck,



wilt thou infuriate me? proof! thou fool!



why wilt thou tease impossibility



200 with such a thick-skulled persevering suit?



fanatic obstinacy! prodigy!



monster of folly! ghost of a turned brain!



you puzzle me – you haunt me – when i dream



of you my brain will split! bald sorcerer!



juggler! may i come near you? on my soul



i know not whether to pity, curse, or laugh.



[enter albert, and the nobleman]



here, albert, this old phantom wants a proof!



give him his proof! a camel’s load of proofs!



otho albert, i speak to you as to a man



210 whose words once uttered pass like current gold;



and therefore fit to calmly put a close



to this brief tempest. do you stand possessed



of any proof against the honourableness



of lady auranthe, our new-spoused daughter?



albert you chill me with astonishment. how’s this?



my liege, what proof should i have ’gainst a fame



impossible of slur? [otho rises]



erminia o wickedness!



ethelbert deluded monarch, ’tis a cruel lie.



otho peace, rebel-priest!



conrad insult beyond credence!



220

erminia almost a dream!



ludolphwe have awaked from



a foolish dream that from my brow hath wrung



a wrathful dew. o folly! why did i



so act the lion with this silly gnat?



let them depart. lady erminia!



i ever grieved for you, as who did not?



but now you have, with such a brazen front,



so most maliciously, so madly striven



to dazzle the soft moon, when tenderest clouds



should be unlooped around to curtain her;



230 i leave you to the desert of the world



almost with pleasure. let them be set free



for me! i take no personal revenge



more than against a nightmare, which a man



forgets in the new dawn. [exit ludolph]



otho still in extremes! no, they must not be loose.



ethelbert albert, i must suspect thee of a crime



so fiendish –



otho fear’st thou not my fury, monk?



conrad, be they in your safe custody



till we determine some fit punishment.



240 it is so mad a deed, i must reflect



and question them in private; for perhaps,



by patient scrutiny, we may discover



whether they merit death, or should be placed



in care of the physicians.



[exeunt otho and nobles, albert following]



conrad my guards, ho!



erminia albert, wilt thou follow there?



wilt thou creep dastardly behind his back,



and shrink away from a weak woman’s eye?



turn, thou court-janus! thou forget’st thyself;



here is the duke, waiting with open arms,



[enter guards]



250 to thank thee; here congratulate each other;



wring hands; embrace; and swear how lucky ’twas



that i, by happy chance, hit the right man



of all the world to trust in.



albert trust! to me!



conrad [aside] he is the sole one in this mystery.



erminia well, i give up, and save my prayers for heaven!



you, who could do this deed, would ne’er relent,



though, at my words, the hollow prison-vaults



would groan for pity.



conrad manacle them both!



ethelbert i know it – it must be – i see it all!



260 albert, thou art the minion!



erminia ah! too plain –



conrad silence! gag up their mouths! i cannot bear



more of this brawling. that the emperor



had placed you in some other custody!



bring them away. [exeunt all but albert]



albert though my name perish from the book of honour,



almost before the recent ink is dry,



and be no more remembered after death,



than any drummer’s in the muster-roll;



yet shall i season high my sudden fall



270 with triumph o’er that evil-witted duke!



he shall feel what it is to have the hand



of a man drowning, on his hateful throat.



[enter gersa and sigifred]



gersa what discord is at ferment in this house?



sigifred we are without conjecture; not a soul



we met could answer any certainty.



gersa young ludolph, like a fiery arrow, shot



by us.



sigifred the emperor, with crossed arms, in thought.



gersa in one room music, in another sadness,



perplexity everywhere!



albert a trifle mere!



280 follow; your presences will much avail



to tune our jarred spirits. i’ll explain. [exeunt]





act iv

scene 1 auranthe’s apartment.

[auranthe and conrad discovered]



conrad well, well, i know what ugly jeopardy



we are caged in; you need not pester that



into my ears. prithee, let me be spared



a foolish tongue, that i may bethink me



of remedies with some deliberation.



you cannot doubt but ’tis in albert’s power



to crush or save us?



auranthe no, i cannot doubt.



he has, assure yourself, by some strange means,



my secret; which i ever hid from him,



knowing his mawkish honesty.



10

conrad cursed slave!



auranthe ay, i could almost curse him now myself.



wretched impediment! evil genius!



a glue upon my wings, that cannot spread,



when they should span the provinces! a snake,



a scorpion, sprawling on the first gold step,



conducting to the throne, high canopied.



conrad you would not hear my counsel, when his life



might have been trodden out, all sure and hushed;



now the dull animal forsooth must be



20 entreated, managed! when can you contrive



the interview he demands?



auranthe as speedily



it must be done as my bribed woman can



unseen conduct him to me; but i fear



‘twill be impossible, while the broad day



comes through the panes with persecuting glare.



methinks, if ’t now were night i could intrigue



with darkness, bring the stars to second me,



and settle all this trouble.



conrad nonsense! child!



see him immediately; why not now?



30 auranthe do you forget that even the senseless doorposts



are on the watch and gape through all the house?



how many whisperers there are about,



hungry for evidence to ruin me;



men i have spurned, and women i have taunted?



besides, the foolish prince sends, minute whiles,



his pages – so they tell me – to inquire



after my health, entreating, if i please,



to see me.



conrad well, suppose this albert here;



what is your power with him?



auranthe he should be



40 my echo, my taught parrot! but i fear



he will be cur enough to bark at me;



have his own say; read me some silly creed



’bout shame and pity.



conrad what will you do then?



auranthe what i shall do, i know not: what i would



cannot be done; for see, this chamber-floor



will not yield to the pick-axe and the spade –



here is no quiet depth of hollow ground.



conrad sister, you have grown sensible and wise,



seconding, ere i speak it, what is now,



50 i hope, resolved between us.



auranthe say, what is ’t?



conrad you need not be his sexton too: a man



may carry that with him shall make him die



elsewhere – give that to him; pretend the while



you will tomorrow succumb to his wishes,



be what they may, and send him from the castle



on some fool’s errand; let his latest groan



frighten the wolves!



auranthe alas! he must not die!



conrad would you were both hearsed up in stifling lead!



detested –



auranthe conrad, hold! i would not bear



60 the little thunder of your fretful tongue,



though i alone were taken in these toils,



and you could free me; but remember, sir,



you live alone in my security:



so keep your wits at work, for your own sake,



not mine, and be more mannerly.



conrad thou wasp!



if my domains were emptied of these folk,



and i had thee to starve –



auranthe o, marvellous!



but conrad, now be gone; the host is looked for;



cringe to the emperor, entertain the lords.



70 and, do ye mind, above all things, proclaim



my sickness, with a brother’s saddened eye,



condoling with prince ludolph. in fit time



return to me.



conrad i leave you to your thoughts. [exit]



auranthe’s pride!



auranthe [sola] down, down, proud temper! down,



why do i anger him when i should kneel?



conrad! albert! help! help! what can i do?



o wretched woman! lost, wrecked, swallowed up,



accursed, blasted! o, thou golden crown,



orbing along the serene firmament



80 of a wide empire, like a glowing moon;



and thou, bright sceptre! lustrous in my eyes –



there – as the fabled fair hesperian tree,



bearing a fruit more precious! graceful thing,



delicate, godlike, magic! must i leave



thee to melt in the visionary air,



ere, by one grasp this common hand is made



imperial? i do not know the time



when i have wept for sorrow; but methinks



i could now sit upon the ground, and shed



90 tears, tears of misery. o, the heavy day!



how shall i bear my life till albert comes?



ludolph! erminia! proofs! o heavy day!



bring me some mourning weeds, that i may ’tire



myself, as fits one wailing her own death:



cut off these curls, and brand this lily hand,



and throw these jewels from my loathing sight –



fetch me a missal, and a string of beads –



a cup of bittered water, and a crust –



i will confess, o holy abbot! – how!



100 what is this? auranthe! thou fool, dolt,



whimpering idiot! up! up! and quell!



i am safe! coward! why am i in fear?



albert! he cannot stickle, chew the cud



in such a fine extreme – impossible!



who knocks?



[goes to the door, listens, and opens it]



[enter albert]



albert, i have been waiting for you here



with such an aching heart, such swooning throbs



on my poor brain, such cruel – cruel sorrow,



that i should claim your pity! art not well?



110

albert yes, lady, well.



auranthe you look not so, alas!



but pale, as if you brought some heavy news.



albert you know full well what makes me look so pale.



auranthe no! do i? surely i am still to learn



some horror; all i know, this present, is



i am near hustled to a dangerous gulf,



which you can save me from – and therefore safe,



so trusting in thy love; that should not make



thee pale, my albert.



albert it doth make me freeze.



auranthe why should it, love?



albert you should not ask me that,



120 but make your own heart monitor, and save



me the great pain of telling. you must know.



auranthe something has vexed you, albert. there are times



when simplest things put on a sombre cast;



a melancholy mood will haunt a man,



until most easy matters take the shape



of unachievable tasks; small rivulets



then seem impassable.



albert do not cheat yourself



with hope that gloss of words, or suppliant action,



or tears, or ravings, or self-threatened death,



130 can alter my resolve.



auranthe you make me tremble;



not so much at your threats, as at your voice,



untuned, and harsh, and barren of all love.



albert you suffocate me! stop this devil’s parley,



and listen to me; know me once for all.



auranthe i thought i did. alas! i am deceived.



albert no, you are not deceived. you took me for



a man detesting all inhuman crime;



and therefore kept from me your demon’s plot



against erminia. silence? be so still –



140 for ever! speak no more; but hear my words,



thy fate. your safety i have bought today



by blazoning a lie, which in the dawn



i’ll expiate with truth.



auranthe o cruel traitor!



albert for i would not set eyes upon thy shame;



i would not see thee dragged to death by the hair,



penanced, and taunted on a scaffolding!



tonight, upon the skirts of the blind wood



that blackens northward of these horrid towers,



i wait for you with horses. choose your fate.



150 farewell.



auranthe albert, you jest; i’m sure you must.



you, an ambitious soldier! i, a queen,



one who could say, – here, rule these provinces!



take tribute from those cities for thyself!



empty these armouries, these treasuries,



muster thy warlike thousands at a nod!



go! conquer italy!



albert auranthe, you have made



the whole world chaff to me. your doom is fixed.



auranthe out, villain! dastard!



albert look there to the door!



who is it?



auranthe conrad, traitor!



albert let him in.



[enter conrad]



160 do not affect amazement, hypocrite,



at seeing me in this chamber.



conrad auranthe?



albert talk not with eyes, but speak your curses out



against me, who would sooner crush and grind



a brace of toads, than league with them t’oppress



an innocent lady, gull an emperor,



more generous to me than autumn sun



to ripening harvests.



auranthe no more insult, sir!



albert ay, clutch your scabbard; but, for prudence’ sake,



draw not the sword; ’twould make an uproar, duke,



170 you would not hear the end of. at nightfall



your lady sister, if i guess aright,



will leave this busy castle. you had best



take farewell too of worldly vanities.



conrad vassal!



albert tomorrow, when the emperor sends



for loving conrad, see you fawn on him.



good even!



auranthe you’ll be seen!



albert see the coast clear then.



auranthe [as he goes] remorseless albert! cruel, cruel, wretch!



[she lets him out]



conrad so, we must lick the dust?



auranthe i follow him.



conrad how? where? the plan of your escape?



auranthe he waits



180 for me with horses by the forest-side,



northward.



conrad good, good! he dies. you go, say you?



auranthe perforce.



conrad be speedy, darkness! till that comes,



fiends keep you company! [exit]



auranthe and you! and you!



and all men! vanish! oh! oh! oh!



[retires to an inner apartment]





scene 2 an apartment in the castle.

[enter ludolph and page]



page still very sick, my lord; but now i went



[knowing my duty to so good a prince;]



and there her women in a mournful throng



stood in the passage whispering: if any



moved ’twas with careful steps and hushed as death;



they bade me stop.



ludolphgood fellow, once again



make soft enquiry; prithee be not stayed



by any hindrance, but with gentlest force



break through her weeping servants, till thou com’st



10 e’en to her chamber door, and there, fair boy –



if with thy mother’s milk thou hast sucked in



any diviner eloquence – woo her ears



with plaints for me, more tender than the voice



of dying echo, echoed.



page kindest master!



to know thee sad thus, will unloose my tongue



in mournful syllables. let but my words reach



her ears and she shall take them coupled with



moans from my heart and sighs not counterfeit.



may i speed better! [exit page]



ludolphauranthe! my life!



20 long have i loved thee, yet till now not loved:



remembering, as i do, hard-hearted times



when i had heard even of thy death perhaps,



and thoughtless! suffered thee to pass alone



into elysium! now i follow thee



a substance or a shadow, wheresoe’er



thou leadest me – whether thy white feet press,



with pleasant weight, the amorous-aching earth



or through the air thou pioneerest me,



a shade! yet sadly i predestinate!



30 o unbenignest love, why wilt thou let



darkness steal out upon the sleepy world



so wearily, as if night’s chariot wheels



were clogged in some thick cloud. o, changeful love,



let not her steeds with drowsy-footed pace



pass the high stars, before sweet embassage



comes from the pillowed beauty of that fair



completion of all delicate nature’s wit.



pout her faint lips anew with rubious health,



and with thine infant fingers lift the fringe



40 of her sick eyelids; that those eyes may glow



with wooing light upon me, ere the morn



peers with disrelish, grey, barren, and cold.



[enter gersa and courtiers]



otho calls me his lion – should i blush



to be so tamed? so –



gersa do me the courtesy



gentlemen to pass on.



courtier we are your servants.



[exeunt courtiers]



ludolph it seems then, sir, you have found out the man



you would confer with – me?



gersa if i break not



too much upon your thoughtful mood, i will



claim a brief while your patience.



ludolphfor what cause



50 soe’er i shall be honoured.



gersa i not less.



ludolph what may it be? no trifle can take place



of such deliberate prologue, serious ’haviour.



but be it what it may i cannot fail



to listen with no common interest –



for though so new your presence is to me,



i have a soldier’s friendship for your fame –



please you explain.



gersa as thus – for, pardon me,



i cannot in plain terms grossly assault



a noble nature; and would faintly sketch



60 what your quick apprehension will fill up,



so finely i esteem you.



ludolphi attend.



gersa your generous father, most illustrious otho,



sits in the banquet-room among his chiefs:



his wine is bitter, for you are not there,



his eyes are fixed still on the open doors,



and every passer in he frowns upon,



seeing no ludolph comes.



ludolphi do neglect –



gersa and for your absence, may i guess the cause?



ludolph stay there! no! guess? more princely you must be



70 than to make guesses at me. ’tis enough.



i’m sorry i can hear no more.



gersa and i



as grieved to force it on you so abrupt;



yet, one day, you must know a grief whose sting



will sharpen more the longer ’tis concealed.



ludolph say it at once, sir! dead – dead – is she dead?



gersa mine is a cruel task: she is not dead –



and would, for your sake, she were innocent.



ludolph hungarian! thou amazest me beyond



all scope of thought; convulsest my heart’s blood



80 to deadly churning! – gersa, you are young



as i am; let me observe you face to face:



not grey-browed like the poisonous ethelbert,



no rheumed eyes, no furrowing of age,



no wrinkles where all vices nestle in



like crannied vermin – no! but fresh and young



and hopeful featured. ha! by heaven you weep



tears, human tears! do you repent you then



of a cursed torturer’s office! why shouldst join –



tell me – the league of devils? confess – confess



the lie!



90 gersa lie! – but begone all ceremonious points



of honour battailous! i could not turn



my wrath against thee for the orbed world.



ludolph your wrath, weak boy? tremble at mine unless



retraction follow close upon the heels



of that late stounding insult. why has my sword



not done already a sheer judgement on thee?



despair, or eat thy words! why, thou wast nigh



whimpering away my reason! harkee, sir,



it is no secret that erminia,



100 erminia, sir, was hidden in your tent –



o blessed asylum! comfortable home!



begone! i pity thee; thou art a gull –



erminia’s fresh puppet –



gersa furious fire!



thou mak’st me boil as hot as thou canst flame!



and in thy teeth i give thee back the lie!



thou liest! thou, auranthe’s fool! a wittol!



ludolph look! look at this bright sword;



there is no part of it to the very hilt



but shall indulge itself about thine heart!



110 draw! but remember thou must cower thy plumes,



as yesterday the arab made thee stoop.



gersa patience! not here, i would not spill thy blood



here underneath this roof where otho breathes,



thy father – almost mine –



ludolph o faltering coward!



[re-enter page]



stay, stay; here is one i have half a word with –



well? what ails thee, child?



page my lord…



ludolphwhat wouldst say?



page they are fled!



ludolphthey! who?



page when anxiously



i hastened back, your grieving messenger,



i found the stairs all dark, the lamps extinct,



120 and not a foot or whisper to be heard.



i thought her dead, and on the lowest step



sat listening; when presently came by



two muffled up – one sighing heavily,



the other cursing low, whose voice i knew



for the duke conrad’s. close i followed them



through the dark ways they chose to the open air;



and, as i followed, heard my lady speak.



ludolph thy life answer the truth!



page the chamber’s empty!



ludolph as i will be of mercy! so, at last,



130 this nail is in my temples!



gersa be calm in this.



ludolph i am.



gersa and albert too has disappeared;



ere i met you, i sought him everywhere;



you would not hearken.



ludolphwhich way went they, boy?



gersa i’ll hunt with you.



ludolph no, no, no. my senses are



still whole. i have survived. my arm is strong,



my appetite sharp – for revenge! i’ll no sharer



in my feast; my injury is all my own,



and so is my revenge, my lawful chattels!



terrier, ferret them out! burn – burn the witch!



140 trace me their footsteps! away! [exeunt]





act v

scene 1 a part of the forest.

[enter conrad and auranthe]



auranthe go no further; not a step more. thou art



a master-plague in the midst of miseries.



go – i fear thee! i tremble every limb,



who never shook before. there’s moody death



in thy resolved looks! yes, i could kneel



to pray thee far away. conrad, go! go! –



there! yonder underneath the boughs i see



our horses!



conrad aye, and the man.



auranthe yes, he is there!



go, go – no blood! no blood! go, gentle conrad!



10

conrad farewell!



auranthe farewell, for this heaven pardon you.



[exit auranthe]



conrad if he survive one hour, then may i die



in unimagined tortures – or breathe through



a long life in the foulest sink o’ the world!



he dies. ’tis well she do not advertize



the caitiff of the cold steel at his back. [exit conrad]



[enter ludolph and page]



ludolph missed the way, boy? say not that on your peril!



page indeed, indeed i cannot trace them further.



ludolph must i stop here? here solitary die?



stifled beneath the thick oppressive shade



20 of these dull boughs – this oven of dark thickets –



silent – without revenge? pshaw! – bitter end –



a bitter death – a suffocating death –



a gnawing – silent – deadly, quiet death!



escaped? – fled? – vanished? melted into air?



she’s gone! i cannot clutch her! no revenge!



a muffled death, ensnared in horrid silence!



sucked to my grave amid a dreary calm!



o, where is that illustrious noise of war,



to smother up this sound of labouring breath,



this rustle of the trees!



[auranthe shrieks at a distance]



30 page my lord, a noise!



this way – hark!



ludolphyes, yes! a hope! a music!



a glorious clamour! now i live again! [exeunt]





scene 2 another part of the forest.

[enter albert (wounded)]



albert o for enough life to support me on



to otho’s feet!



[enter ludolph]



ludolphthrice villainous, stay there!



tell me where that detested woman is,



or this is through thee!



albert my good prince, with me



the sword has done its worst; not without worst



done to another – conrad has it home!



i see you know it all!



ludolphwhere is his sister?



[auranthe rushes in]



auranthe albert!



ludolph ha! there! there! – he is the paramour! –



there – hug him – dying! o, thou innocence,



10 shrive him and comfort him at his last gasp,



kiss down his eyelids! was he not thy love?



wilt thou forsake him at his latest hour?



keep fearful and aloof from his last gaze,



his most uneasy moments, when cold death



stands with the door ajar to let him in?



albert o, that that door with hollow slam would close



upon me sudden, for i cannot meet,



in all the unknown chambers of the dead,



ucorrors



ludolph auranthe! what can he mean?



20 what horrors? is it not a joyous time?



am i not married to a paragon



‘of personal beauty and untainted soul?’



a blushing fair-eyed purity! a sylph,



whose snowy timid hand has never sinned



beyond a flower plucked, white as itself?



albert, you do insult my bride – your mistress –



to talk of horrors on our wedding night.



albert alas! poor prince, i would you knew my heart!



’tis not so guilty –



ludolphhear, he pleads not guilty!



30 you are not? or, if so, what matters it?



you have escaped me, free as the dusk air,



hid in the forest – safe from my revenge.



i cannot catch you! you should laugh at me,



poor cheated ludolph! make the forest hiss



with jeers at me! you tremble – faint at once,



you will come to again. o cockatrice,



i have you! whither wander those fair eyes



to entice the devil to your help, that he



may change you to a spider, so to crawl



40 into some cranny to escape my wrath?



albert sometimes the counsel of a dying man



doth operate quietly when his breath is gone:



disjoin those hands – part – part, do not destroy



each other – forget her! our miseries



are equal shared, and mercy is –



[albert dies]



there goes a spotted soul



ludolpha boon



when one can compass it. auranthe, try



your oratory; your breath is not so hitched –



ay, stare for help –



howling in vain along the hollow night!



50 hear him! he calls you – sweet auranthe, come!



auranthe kill me!



ludolphno! what? upon our marriage-night?



the earth would shudder at so foul a deed –



a fair bride! a sweet bride! an innocent bride!



no, we must revel it, as ’tis in use



in times of delicate brilliant ceremony:



come, let me lead you to our halls again!



nay, linger not – make no resistance, sweet –



will you? – ah wretch, thou canst not, for i have



the strength of twenty lions ’gainst a lamb!



60 now – one adieu for albert! – come away! [exeunt]





scene 3 an inner court of the castle.

[enter sigifred, gonfrid, and theodore meeting]



theodore was ever such a night?



sigifredwhat horrors more?



things unbelieved one hour, so strange they are,



the next hour stamps with credit.



theodore your last news?



gonfrid after the page’s story of the death



of albert and duke conrad?



sigifredand the return



of ludolph with the princess.



gonfridno more, save



prince gersa’s freeing abbot ethelbert,



and the sweet lady, fair erminia,



from prison.



theodore where are they now? hast yet heard?



10 gonfrid with the sad emperor they are closeted;



i saw the three pass slowly up the stairs,



the lady weeping, the old abbot cowled.



sigifred what next?



theodore i ache to think on’t.



gonfrid ’tis with fate.



theodore one while these proud towers are hushed as death.



gonfrid the next our poor prince fills the arched rooms



with ghastly ravings.



sigifredi do fear his brain.



[exeunt into the castle.]



gonfrid i will see more. bear you so stout a heart?





scene 4 a cabinet, opening towards a terrace.

[otho, erminia, ethelbert, and a physician, discovered]



otho o, my poor boy! my son! my son! my ludolph!



have ye no comfort for me, ye physicians



of the weak body and soul?



ethelbert ’tis not in medicine



either of heaven or earth can cure, unless



fit time be chosen to administer.



otho a kind forbearance, holy abbot – come



erminia; here, sit by me, gentle girl;



give me thy hand – hast thou forgiven me?



erminia would i were with the saints to pray for you!



10

otho why will ye keep me from my darling child?



physician forgive me, but he must not see thy face.



otho is then a father’s countenance a gorgon?



hath it not comfort in it? would it not



console my poor boy, cheer him, heal his spirits?



let me embrace him, let me speak to him;



i will! who hinders me? who’s emperor?



physician you may not, sire; ’twould overwhelm him quite,



he is so full of grief and passionate wrath;



too heavy a sigh would kill him or do worse.



20 he must be saved by fine contrivances,



and most especially we must keep clear



out of his sight a father whom he loves;



his heart is full, it can contain no more,



and do its ruddy office.



ethelbert sage advice;



we must endeavour how to ease and slacken



the tight-wound energies of his despair,



not make them tenser.



otho enough! i hear, i hear.



yet you were about to advise more – i listen.



ethelbert this learned doctor will agree with me,



30 that not in the smallest point should he be thwarted,



or gainsaid by one word; his very motions,



nods, becks and hints, should be obeyed with care,



even on the moment: so his troubled mind



may cure itself.



physician there are no other means.



otho open the door: let’s hear if all is quiet.



physician beseech you, sire, forbear.



erminiado, do.



otho i command!



open it straight – hush! – quiet! – my lost boy!



my miserable child!



ludolph [indistinctly without] fill fill my goblet – here’s a health!



40

erminia o, close the door!



otho let, let me hear his voice; this cannot last –



and fain would i catch up his dying words



though my own knell they be – this cannot last –



o let me catch his voice – for lo! i hear



a whisper in this silence that he’s dead!



it is so! gersa?



[enter gersa]



physician say, how fares the prince?



gersa more calm – his features are less wild and flushed;



once he complained of weariness.



physician indeed!



’tis good – ’tis good; let him but fall asleep,



that saves him.



50 otho gersa, watch him like a child;



ward him from harm – and bring me better news!



physician humour him to the height. i fear to go;



for should he catch a glimpse of my dull garb,



it might affright him, fill him with suspicion



that we believe him sick, which must not be.



gersa i will invent what soothing means i can.



[exit gersa]



physician this should cheer up your highness; the weariness



is a good symptom, and most favourable;



it gives me pleasant hopes. please you, walk forth



60 upon the terrace; the refreshing air



will blow one half of your sad doubts away. [exeunt]





scene 5 a banqueting hall, brilliantly illuminated, and set forth with all costly magnificence, with supper-tables, laden with services of gold and silver. a door in the back scene, guarded by two soldiers. lords, ladies, knights, gentlemen, etc., whispering sadly, and ranging themselves; part entering and part discovered.



first knight grievously are we tantalized, one and all;



swayed here and there, commanded to and fro



as though we were the shadows of a sleep,



and linked to a dreaming fancy. what do we here?



gonfrid i am no seer; you know we must obey



the prince from a to z, though it should be



to set the place in flames. i pray hast heard



where the most wicked princess is?



first knightthere, sir,



in the next room. have you remarked those two



10 stout soldiers posted at the door?



gonfridfor what? [they whisper]



first lady how ghast a train!



second lady sure this should be some splendid burial.



first lady what fearful whispering! see, see – gersa there!



[enter gersa]



gersa put on your brightest looks; smile if you can;



behave as all were happy; keep your eyes



from the least watch upon him; if he speaks



to any one, answer collectedly,



without surprise, his questions, howe’er strange.



do this to the utmost – though, alas! with me



20 the remedy grows hopeless! here he comes –



observe what i have said – show no surprise.



[enter ludolph, followed by sigifred and page]



ludolph a splendid company! rare beauties here!



i should have orphean lips, and plato’s fancy,



amphion’s utterance, toned with his lyre,



or the deep key of jove’s sonorous mouth,



to give fit salutation. methought i heard,



as i came in, some whispers – what of that?



’tis natural men should whisper; at the kiss



of psyche given by love, there was a buzz



30 among the gods! – and silence is as natural.



these draperies are fine, and, being a mortal,



i should desire no better; yet, in truth,



there must be some superior costliness,



some wider-domed high magnificence!



i would have, as a mortal i may not,



hangings of heaven’s clouds, purple and gold,



slung from the spheres; gauzes of silver mist,



looped up with cords of twisted wreathed light,



and tasselled round with weeping meteors!



40 these pendent lamps and chandeliers are bright



as earthly fires from dull dross can be cleansed;



yet could my eyes drink up intenser beams



undazzled – this is darkness. when i close



these lids, i see far fiercer brilliances –



skies full of splendid moons, and shooting stars,



and spouting exhalations, diamond fires,



and panting fountains quivering with deep glows!



yes – this is dark – is it not dark?



sigifredmy lord,



’tis late; the lights of festival are ever



50 quenched in the morn.



ludolph ’tis not tomorrow then?



sigifred ’tis early dawn.



gersa indeed full time we slept;



say you so, prince?



ludolph i say i quarrelled with you;



we did not tilt each other – that’s a blessing,



good gods! no innocent blood upon my head!



sigifred retire, gersa



ludolphthere should be three more here:



for two of them, they stay away perhaps,



being gloomy-minded, haters of fair revels –



they know their own thoughts best. as for the third,



we’ll have her presently; ay, you shall see her,



60 and wonder at her, friends, she is so fair;



deep blue eyes, semi-shaded in white lids,



finished with lashes fine for more soft shade,



completed by her twin-arched ebon brows;



white temples of exactest elegance,



of even mould felicitous and smooth;



cheeks fashioned tenderly on either side,



so perfect, so divine that our poor eyes



are dazzled with the sweet proportioning,



and wonder that ’tis so – the magic chance!



70 her nostrils, small, fragrant, faery-delicate;



her lips – i swear no human bones e’er wore



so taking a disguise – you shall behold her!



she is the world’s chief jewel, and by heaven



she’s mine by right of marriage! – she is mine!



patience, good people, in fit time i send



a summoner. she will obey my call,



being a wife most mild and dutiful.



first i would hear what music is prepared



80 to herald and receive her – let me hear!



[a soft strain of music]



sigifred bid the musicians soothe him tenderly.



ludolph ye have none better? no – i am content;



’tis a rich sobbing melody, with reliefs



full and majestic; it is well enough,



and will be sweeter, when ye see her pace



sweeping into this presence, glistened o’er



with emptied caskets, and her train upheld



by ladies, habited in robes of lawn,



sprinkled with golden crescents, others bright



90 in silks, with spangles showered, and bow’d to



by duchesses and pearled margravines!



sad, that the fairest creature of the earth –



i pray you mind me not – ’tis sad, i say,



that the extremest beauty of the world



should so entrench herself away from me,



behind a barrier of engendered guilt!



second lady ah! what a moan!



first knight most piteous indeed!



ludolph she shall be brought before this company,



and then – then –



first lady he muses.



gersa o, fortune, where will this end?



100 sigifred i guess his purpose! indeed he must not have



that pestilence brought in – that cannot be,



there we must stop him.



gersa i am lost! hush, hush!



he is about to rave again.



ludolph a barrier of guilt! i was the fool,



she was the cheater! who’s the cheater now,



and who the fool? the entrapped, the caged fool,



the bird-limed raven? she shall croak to death



secure! methinks i have her in my fist,



to crush her with my heel! wait, wait! i marvel



110 my father keeps away. good friend – ah! sigifred!



do bring him to me – and erminia



i fain would see before i sleep – and ethelbert,



that he may bless me, as i know he will



though i have cursed him.



sigifred rather suffer me



to lead you to them.



[exit sigifred]



ludolphno, excuse me, no!



the day is not quite done. go bring them hither.



certes, a father’s smile should, like sunlight,



slant on my sheaved harvest of ripe bliss.



besides, i thirst to pledge my lovely bride



120 in a deep goblet: let me see – what wine?



the strong iberian juice, or mellow greek?



or pale calabrian? or the tuscan grape?



or of old aetna’s pulpy wine presses,



black stained with the fat vintage, as it were



the purple slaughter-house, where bacchus’ self



pricked his own swollen veins? where is my page?



page here, here!



ludolph be ready to obey me; anon thou shalt



bear a soft message for me; for the hour



130 draws near when i must make a winding up



of bridal mysteries – a fine-spun vengeance!



carve it on my tomb, that when i rest beneath,



men shall confess – this prince was gulled and cheated,



but from the ashes of disgrace he rose



more than a fiery dragon, and did burn



his ignominy up in purging fires!



did i not send, sir, but a moment past,



for my father?



gersa you did.



ludolph perhaps ’twould be



much better he came not.



[enter otho, erminia, ethelbert, sigifred, and physician]



gersa he enters now!



140 ludolph o thou good man, against whose sacred head



i was a mad conspirator, chiefly too



for the sake of my fair newly wedded wife,



now to be punished – do not look so sad!



those charitable eyes will thaw my heart,



those tears will wash away a just resolve,



a verdict ten times sworn! awake – awake –



put on a judge’s brow, and use a tongue



made iron-stern by habit! thou shalt see



a deed to be applauded, ’scribed in gold!



150 join a loud voice to mine, and so denounce



what i alone will execute!



otho dear son,



what is it? by your father’s love, i sue



that it be nothing merciless!



ludolphto that demon?



not so! no! she is in temple-stall



being garnished for the sacrifice, and i,



the priest of justice, will immolate her



upon the altar of wrath! she stings me through! –



even as the worm doth feed upon the nut,



so she, a scorpion, preys upon my brain!



160 i feel her gnawing here! let her but vanish,



then, father, i will lead your legions forth,



compact in steeled squares, and speared files



and bid our trumpets speak a fell rebuke



to nations drowsed in peace!



otho tomorrow, son,



be your word law; forget today –



ludolphi will



when i have finished it! now, now i’m pight,



tight-footed for the deed!



erminia alas! alas!



ludolph what angel’s voice is that? erminia!



ah! gentlest creature, whose sweet innocence



170 was almost murdered; i am penitent,



wilt thou forgive me? and thou, holy man,



good ethelbert, shall i die in peace with you?



erminia die, my lord!



ludolphi feel it possible.



otho physician?



physician i fear me he is past my skill.



otho not so!



ludolph i see it – i see it – i have been wandering!



half-mad – not right here – i forget my purpose.



bestir – bestir – auranthe! ha! ha! ha!



youngster! page! go bid them drag her to me!



obey! this shall finish it! [draws a dagger]



otho o my son! my son!



180

sigifred this must not be – stop there!



[exit page]



ludolpham i obeyed?



a little talk with her – no harm – haste! haste!



set her before me – never fear i can strike.



several voices my lord! my lord!



gersa good prince!



[the doors open. enter page. several women are seen grouped about auranthe in the inner room]



ludolph why do ye trouble me? out – out away!



there she is! take that! and that! no, no –



that’s not well done. where is she?



page alas! my lord, my lord! they cannot move her!



her arms are stiff – her fingers clenched and cold!



ludolph she’s dead! [staggers and falls into their arms]



ethelbert take away the dagger.



gersa softly; so!



190

otho thank god for that!



sigifredit could not harm him now.



gersa no! – brief be his anguish!



ludolph she’s gone – i am content – nobles, good night!



where is your hand, father? – what sultry air!



we are all weary – faint – set ope the doors –



i will to bed! – tomorrow – [dies]



[the curtain falls]





lamia


part i



upon a time, before the faery broods



drove nymph and satyr from the prosperous woods,



before king oberon’s bright diadem,



sceptre, and mantle, clasped with dewy gem,



frighted away the dryads and the fauns



from rushes green, and brakes, and cowslipped lawns,



the ever-smitten hermes empty left



his golden throne, bent warm on amorous theft:



from high olympus had he stolen light,



10

on this side of jove’s clouds, to escape the sight



of his great summoner, and made retreat



into a forest on the shores of crete.



for somewhere in that sacred island dwelt



a nymph, to whom all hoofed satyrs knelt,



at whose white feet the languid tritons poured



pearls, while on land they withered and adored.



fast by the springs where she to bathe was wont,



and in those meads where sometime she might haunt,



were strewn rich gifts, unknown to any muse,



20

though fancy’s casket were unlocked to choose.



ah, what a world of love was at her feet!



so hermes thought, and a celestial heat



burnt from his winged heels to either ear,



that from a whiteness, as the lily clear,



blushed into roses ’mid his golden hair,



fallen in jealous curls about his shoulders bare.



from vale to vale, from wood to wood, he flew,



breathing upon the flowers his passion new,



and wound with many a river to its head



30

to find where this sweet nymph prepared her secret bed.



in vain; the sweet nymph might nowhere be found,



and so he rested, on the lonely ground,



pensive, and full of painful jealousies



of the wood-gods, and even the very trees.



there as he stood, he heard a mournful voice,



such as, once heard, in gentle heart destroys



all pain but pity; thus the lone voice spake:



‘when from this wreathed tomb shall i awake!



when move in a sweet body fit for life,



40

and love, and pleasure, and the ruddy strife



of hearts and lips! ah, miserable me!’



the god, dove-footed, glided silently



round bush and tree, soft-brushing, in his speed,



the taller grasses and full-flowering weed,



until he found a palpitating snake,



bright, and cirque-couchant in a dusky brake.



she was a gordian shape of dazzling hue,



vermilion-spotted, golden, green, and blue;



striped like a zebra, freckled like a pard,



50

eyed like a peacock, and all crimson barred;



and full of silver moons, that, as she breathed,



dissolved, or brighter shone, or interwreathed



their lustres with the gloomier tapestries –



so rainbow-sided, touched with miseries,



she seemed, at once, some penanced lady elf,



some demon’s mistress, or the demon’s self.



upon her crest she wore a wannish fire



sprinkled with stars, like ariadne’s tiar;



her head was serpent, but ah, bitter-sweet!



60

she had a woman’s mouth with all its pearls complete;



and for her eyes – what could such eyes do there



but weep, and weep, that they were born so fair,



as proserpine still weeps for her sicilian air?



her throat was serpent, but the words she spake



came, as through bubbling honey, for love’s sake,



and thus – while hermes on his pinions lay,



like a stooped falcon ere he takes his prey –



‘fair hermes, crowned with feathers, fluttering light,



i had a splendid dream of thee last night:



70

i saw thee sitting, on a throne of gold,



among the gods, upon olympus old,



the only sad one; for thou didst not hear



the soft, lute-fingered muses chanting clear,



nor even apollo when he sang alone,



deaf to his throbbing throat’s long, long melodious moan.



i dreamt i saw thee, robed in purple flakes,



break amorous through the clouds, as morning breaks,



and, swiftly as a bright phoebean dart,



strike for the cretan isle; and here thou art!



80

too gentle hermes, hast thou found the maid?’



whereat the star of lethe not delayed



his rosy eloquence, and thus inquired:



‘thou smooth-lipped serpent, surely high inspired!



thou beauteous wreath, with melancholy eyes,



possess whatever bliss thou canst devise,



telling me only where my nymph is fled –



where she doth breathe!’ ‘bright planet, thou hast said,’



returned the snake, ‘but seal with oaths, fair god!’



‘i swear,’ said hermes, ‘by my serpent rod,



90

and by thine eyes, and by thy starry crown!’



light flew his earnest words, among the blossoms blown.



then thus again the brilliance feminine:



‘too frail of heart! for this lost nymph of thine,



free as the air, invisibly, she strays



about these thornless wilds; her pleasant days



she tastes unseen; unseen her nimble feet



leave traces in the grass and flowers sweet;



from weary tendrils, and bowed branches green,



she plucks the fruit unseen, she bathes unseen;



100

and by my power is her beauty veiled



to keep it unaffronted, unassailed



by the love-glances of unlovely eyes



of satyrs, fauns, and bleared silenus’ sighs.



pale grew her immortality, for woe



of all these lovers, and she grieved so



i took compassion on her, bade her steep



her hair in weïrd syrops, that would keep



her loveliness invisible, yet free



to wander as she loves, in liberty.



110

thou shalt behold her, hermes, thou alone,



if thou wilt, as thou swearest, grant my boon!’



then, once again, the charmed god began



an oath, and through the serpent’s ears it ran



warm, tremulous, devout, psalterian.



ravished, she lifted her circean head,



blushed a live damask, and swift-lisping said,



‘i was a woman, let me have once more



a woman’s shape, and charming as before.



i love a youth of corinth – o the bliss!



120

give me my woman’s form, and place me where he is.



stoop, hermes, let me breathe upon thy brow,



and thou shalt see thy sweet nymph even now.’



the god on half-shut feathers sank serene,



she breathed upon his eyes, and swift was seen



of both the guarded nymph near-smiling on the green.



it was no dream; or say a dream it was,



real are the dreams of gods, and smoothly pass



their pleasures in a long immortal dream.



one warm, flushed moment, hovering, it might seem



130

dashed by the wood-nymph’s beauty, so he burned;



then, lighting on the printless verdure, turned



to the swooned serpent, and with languid arm,



delicate, put to proof the lithe caducean charm.



so done, upon the nymph his eyes he bent



full of adoring tears and blandishment,



and towards her stepped: she, like a moon in wane,



faded before him, cowered, nor could restrain



her fearful sobs, self-folding like a flower



that faints into itself at evening hour:



140

but the god fostering her chilled hand,



she felt the warmth, her eyelids opened bland,



and, like new flowers at morning song of bees,



bloomed, and gave up her honey to the lees.



into the green-recessed woods they flew;



nor grew they pale, as mortal lovers do.



left to herself, the serpent now began



to change; her elfin blood in madness ran,



her mouth foamed, and the grass, therewith besprent,



withered at dew so sweet and virulent;



150

her eyes in torture fixed, and anguish drear,



hot, glazed, and wide, with lid-lashes all sear,



flashed phosphor and sharp sparks, without one cooling tear.



the colours all inflamed throughout her train,



she writhed about, convulsed with scarlet pain:



a deep volcanian yellow took the place



of all her milder-mooned body’s grace;



and, as the lava ravishes the mead,



spoilt all her silver mail, and golden brede;



made gloom of all her frecklings, streaks and bars,



160

eclipsed her crescents, and licked up her stars.



so that, in moments few, she was undressed



of all her sapphires, greens, and amethyst,



and rubious-argent; of all these bereft,



nothing but pain and ugliness were left.



still shone her crown; that vanished, also she



melted and disappeared as suddenly;



and in the air, her new voice luting soft,



cried, ‘lycius! gentle lycius!’ – borne aloft



with the bright mists about the mountains hoar



170

these words dissolved: crete’s forests heard no more.



whither fled lamia, now a lady bright,



a full-born beauty new and exquisite?



she fled into that valley they pass o’er



who go to corinth from cenchreas’ shore;



and rested at the foot of those wild hills,



the rugged founts of the peræan rills,



and of that other ridge whose barren back



stretches, with all its mist and cloudy rack,



south-westward to cleone. there she stood



180

about a young bird’s flutter from a wood,



fair, on a sloping green of mossy tread,



by a clear pool, wherein she passioned



to see herself escaped from so sore ills,



while her robes flaunted with the daffodils.



ah, happy lycius! – for she was a maid



more beautiful than ever twisted braid,



or sighed, or blushed, or on spring-flowered lea



spread a green kirtle to the minstrelsy:



a virgin purest lipped, yet in the lore



190

of love deep learned to the red heart’s core;



not one hour old, yet of sciential brain



to unperplex bliss from its neighbour pain,



define their pettish limits, and estrange



their points of contact, and swift counterchange;



intrigue with the specious chaos, and dispart



its most ambiguous atoms with sure art;



as though in cupid’s college she had spent



sweet days a lovely graduate, still unshent,



and kept his rosy terms in idle languishment.



200

why this fair creature chose so faerily



by the wayside to linger, we shall see;



but first ’tis fit to tell how she could muse



and dream, when in the serpent prison-house,



of all she list, strange or magnificent:



how, ever, where she willed, her spirit went;



whether to faint elysium, or where



down through tress-lifting waves the nereids fair



wind into thetis’ bower by many a pearly stair;



or where god bacchus drains his cups divine,



210

stretched out, at ease, beneath a glutinous pine;



or where in pluto’s gardens palatine



mulciber’s columns gleam in far piazzian line.



and sometimes into cities she would send



her dream, with feast and rioting to blend;



and once, while among mortals dreaming thus,



she saw the young corinthian lycius



charioting foremost in the envious race,



like a young jove with calm uneager face,



and fell into a swooning love of him.



220

now on the moth-time of that evening dim



he would return that way, as well she knew,



to corinth from the shore; for freshly blew



the eastern soft wind, and his galley now



grated the quaystones with her brazen prow



in port cenchreas, from egina isle



fresh anchored; whither he had been awhile



to sacrifice to jove, whose temple there



waits with high marble doors for blood and incense rare.



jove heard his vows, and bettered his desire;



230

for by some freakful chance he made retire



from his companions, and set forth to walk,



perhaps grown wearied of their corinth talk:



over the solitary hills he fared,



thoughtless at first, but ere eve’s star appeared



his fantasy was lost, where reason fades,



in the calmed twilight of platonic shades.



lamia beheld him coming, near, more near –



close to her passing, in indifference drear,



his silent sandals swept the mossy green;



240

so neighboured to him, and yet so unseen



she stood: he passed, shut up in mysteries,



his mind wrapped like his mantle, while her eyes



followed his steps, and her neck regal white



turned – syllabling thus, ‘ah, lycius bright,



and will you leave me on the hills alone?



lycius, look back! and be some pity shown.’



he did – not with cold wonder fearingly,



but orpheus-like at an eurydice –



for so delicious were the words she sung,



250

it seemed he had loved them a whole summer long.



and soon his eyes had drunk her beauty up,



leaving no drop in the bewildering cup,



and still the cup was full – while he, afraid



lest she should vanish ere his lip had paid



due adoration, thus began to adore



(her soft look growing coy, she saw his chain so sure):



‘leave thee alone! look back! ah, goddess, see



whether my eyes can ever turn from thee!



for pity do not this sad heart belie –



260

even as thou vanisheth so i shall die.



stay! though a naiad of the rivers, stay!



to thy far wishes will thy streams obey.



stay! though the greenest woods be thy domain,



alone they can drink up the morning rain:



though a descended pleiad, will not one



of thine harmonious sisters keep in tune



thy spheres, and as thy silver proxy shine



so sweetly to these ravished ears of mine



came thy sweet greeting, that if thou shouldst fade



270

thy memory will waste me to a shade –



for pity do not melt!’ – ‘if i should stay,’



said lamia, ‘here, upon this floor of clay,



and pain my steps upon these flowers too rough,



what canst thou say or do of charm enough



to dull the nice remembrance of my home?



thou canst not ask me with thee here to roam



over these hills and vales, where no joy is –



empty of immortality and bliss!



thou art a scholar, lycius, and must know



280

that finer spirits cannot breathe below



in human climes, and live. alas! poor youth,



what taste of purer air hast thou to soothe



my essence? what serener palaces,



where i may all my many senses please,



and by mysterious sleights a hundred thirsts appease?



it cannot be – adieu!’ so said, she rose



tip-toe with white arms spread. he, sick to lose



the amorous promise of her lone complain,



swooned, murmuring of love, and pale with pain.



290

the cruel lady, without any show



of sorrow for her tender favourite’s woe,



but rather, if her eyes could brighter be,



with brighter eyes and slow amenity,



put her new lips to his, and gave afresh



the life she had so tangled in her mesh;



and as he from one trance was wakening



into another, she began to sing,



happy in beauty, life, and love, and every thing,



a song of love, too sweet for earthly lyres,



300

while, like held breath, the stars drew in their panting fires.



and then she whispered in such trembling tone,



as those who, safe together met alone



for the first time through many anguished days,



use other speech than looks; bidding him raise



his drooping head, and clear his soul of doubt,



for that she was a woman, and without



any more subtle fluid in her veins



than throbbing blood, and that the self-same pains



inhabited her frail-strung heart as his.



310

and next she wondered how his eyes could miss



her face so long in corinth, where, she said,



she dwelt but half retired, and there had led



days happy as the gold coin could invent



without the aid of love; yet in content



till she saw him, as once she passed him by,



where ’gainst a column he leant thoughtfully



at venus’ temple porch, ’mid baskets heaped



of amorous herbs and flowers, newly reaped



late on that eve, as ’twas the night before



320

the adonian feast; whereof she saw no more,



but wept alone those days, for why should she adore?



lycius from death awoke into amaze,



to see her still, and singing so sweet lays;



then from amaze into delight he fell



to hear her whisper woman’s lore so well;



and every word she spake enticed him on



to unperplexed delight and pleasure known.



let the mad poets say whate’er they please



of the sweets of faeries, peris, goddesses,



330

there is not such a treat among them all,



haunters of cavern, lake, and waterfall,



as a real woman, lineal indeed



from pyrrha’s pebbles or old adam’s seed.



thus gentle lamia judged, and judged aright,



that lycius could not love in half a fright,



so threw the goddess off, and won his heart



more pleasantly by playing woman’s part,



with no more awe than what her beauty gave,



that, while it smote, still guaranteed to save.



340

lycius to all made eloquent reply,



marrying to every word a twinborn sigh;



and last, pointing to corinth, asked her sweet,



if ’twas too far that night for her soft feet.



the way was short, for lamia’s eagerness



made, by a spell, the triple league decrease



to a few paces; not at all surmised



by blinded lycius, so in her comprised.



they passed the city gates, he knew not how,



so noiseless, and he never thought to know.



350

as men talk in a dream, so corinth all,



throughout her palaces imperial,



and all her populous streets and temples lewd,



muttered, like tempest in the distance brewed,



to the wide-spreaded night above her towers.



men, women, rich and poor, in the cool hours,



shuffled their sandals o’er the pavement white,



companioned or alone; while many a light



flared, here and there, from wealthy festivals,



and threw their moving shadows on the walls,



360

or found them clustered in the corniced shade



of some arched temple door, or dusky colonnade.



muffling his face, of greeting friends in fear,



her fingers he pressed hard, as one came near



with curled grey beard, sharp eyes, and smooth bald crown,



slow-stepped, and robed in philosophic gown:



lycius shrank closer, as they met and passed,



into his mantle, adding wings to haste,



while hurried lamia trembled: ‘ah,’ said he,



‘why do you shudder, love, so ruefully?



370

why does your tender palm dissolve in dew?’ –



‘i’m wearied,’ said fair lamia, ‘tell me who



is that old man? i cannot bring to mind



his features – lycius! wherefore did you blind



yourself from his quick eyes?’ lycius replied,



‘’tis apollonius sage, my trusty guide



and good instructor; but tonight he seems



the ghost of folly haunting my sweet dreams.’



while yet he spake they had arrived before



a pillared porch, with lofty portal door,



380

where hung a silver lamp, whose phosphor glow



reflected in the slabbed steps below,



mild as a star in water; for so new,



and so unsullied was the marble hue,



so through the crystal polish, liquid fine,



ran the dark veins, that none but feet divine



could e’er have touched there. sounds aeolian



breathed from the hinges, as the ample span



of the wide doors disclosed a place unknown



some time to any, but those two alone,



390

and a few persian mutes, who that same year



were seen about the markets: none knew where



they could inhabit; the most curious



were foiled, who watched to trace them to their house.



and but the flitter-winged verse must tell,



for truth’s sake, what woe afterwards befell,



‘twould humour many a heart to leave them thus,



shut from the busy world, of more incredulous.



part ii



love in a hut, with water and a crust,



is – love, forgive us! – cinder, ashes, dust;



love in a palace is perhaps at last



more grievous torment than a hermit’s fast.



that is a doubtful tale from faery land,



hard for the non-elect to understand.



had lycius lived to hand his story down,



he might have given the moral a fresh frown,



or clenched it quite: but too short was their bliss



10

to breed distrust and hate, that make the soft voice hiss.



besides, there, nightly, with terrific glare,



love, jealous grown of so complete a pair,



hovered and buzzed his wings, with fearful roar,



above the lintel of their chamber door,



and down the passage cast a glow upon the floor.



for all this came a ruin: side by side



they were enthroned, in the eventide,



upon a couch, near to a curtaining



whose airy texture, from a golden string,



20

floated into the room, and let appear



unveiled the summer heaven, blue and clear,



betwixt two marble shafts. there they reposed,



where use had made it sweet, with eyelids closed,



saving a tithe which love still open kept,



that they might see each other while they almost slept;



when from the slope side of a suburb hill,



deafening the swallow’s twitter, came a thrill



of trumpets – lycius started – the sounds fled,



but left a thought, a buzzing in his head.



30

for the first time, since first he harboured in



that purple-lined palace of sweet sin,



his spirit passed beyond its golden bourne



into the noisy world almost forsworn.



the lady, ever watchful, penetrant,



saw this with pain, so arguing a want



of something more, more than her empery



of joys; and she began to moan and sigh



because he mused beyond her, knowing well



that but a moment’s thought is passion’s passing-bell.



40

‘why do you sigh, fair creature?’ whispered he:



‘why do you think?’ returned she tenderly,



‘you have deserted me – where am i now?



not in your heart while care weighs on your brow:



no, no, you have dismissed me; and i go



from your breast houseless – ay, it must be so.’



he answered, bending to her open eyes,



where he was mirrored small in paradise,



‘my silver planet, both of eve and morn!



why will you plead yourself so sad forlorn,



50

while i am striving how to fill my heart



with deeper crimson, and a double smart?



how to entangle, trammel up and snare



your soul in mine, and labyrinth you there



like the hid scent in an unbudded rose?



ay, a sweet kiss – you see your mighty woes.



my thoughts! shall i unveil them? listen then!



what mortal hath a prize, that other men



may be confounded and abashed withal,



but lets it sometimes pace abroad majestical,



60

and triumph, as in thee i should rejoice



amid the hoarse alarm of corinth’s voice.



let my foes choke, and my friends shout afar,



while through the thronged streets your bridal car



wheels round its dazzling spokes.’ – the lady’s cheek



trembled; she nothing said, but, pale and meek,



arose and knelt before him, wept a rain



of sorrows at his words; at last with pain



beseeching him, the while his hand she wrung,



to change his purpose. he thereat was stung,



70

perverse, with stronger fancy to reclaim



her wild and timid nature to his aim:



besides, for all his love, in self-despite,



against his better self, he took delight



luxurious in her sorrows, soft and new.



his passion, cruel grown, took on a hue



fierce and sanguineous as ’twas possible



in one whose brow had no dark veins to swell.



fine was the mitigated fury, like



apollo’s presence when in act to strike



80

the serpent – ha, the serpent! certes, she



was none. she burnt, she loved the tyranny,



and, all subdued, consented to the hour



when to the bridal he should lead his paramour.



whispering in midnight silence, said the youth,



‘sure some sweet name thou hast, though, by my truth,



i have not asked it, ever thinking thee



not mortal, but of heavenly progeny,



as still i do. hast any mortal name,



fit appellation for this dazzling frame?



90

or friends or kinsfolk on the citied earth,



to share our marriage feast and nuptial mirth?’



‘i have no friends,’ said lamia, ‘no, not one;



my presence in wide corinth hardly known:



my parents’ bones are in their dusty urns



sepulchred, where no kindled incense burns,



seeing all their luckless race are dead, save me,



and i neglect the holy rite for thee.



even as you list invite your many guests;



but if, as now it seems, your vision rests



100

with any pleasure on me, do not bid



old apollonius – from him keep me hid.’



lycius, perplexed at words so blind and blank,



made close inquiry; from whose touch she shrank,



feigning a sleep; and he to the dull shade



of deep sleep in a moment was betrayed.



it was the custom then to bring away



the bride from home at blushing shut of day,



veiled, in a chariot, heralded along



by strewn flowers, torches, and a marriage song,



110

with other pageants: but this fair unknown



had not a friend. so being left alone,



(lycius was gone to summon all his kin)



and knowing surely she could never win



his foolish heart from its mad pompousness,



she set herself, high-thoughted, how to dress



the misery in fit magnificence.



she did so, but ’tis doubtful how and whence



came, and who were her subtle servitors.



about the halls, and to and from the doors,



120

there was a noise of wings, till in short space



the glowing banquet-room shone with wide-arched grace.



a haunting music, sole perhaps and lone



supportress of the faery-roof, made moan



throughout, as fearful the whole charm might fade.



fresh carved cedar, mimicking a glade



of palm and plantain, met from either side,



high in the midst, in honour of the bride;



two palms and then two plantains, and so on,



from either side their stems branched one to one



130

all down the aisled place; and beneath all



there ran a stream of lamps straight on from wall to wall.



so canopied, lay an untasted feast



teeming with odours. lamia, regal dressed,



silently paced about, and as she went,



in pale contented sort of discontent,



missioned her viewless servants to enrich



the fretted splendour of each nook and niche.



between the tree-stems, marbled plain at first,



came jasper panels; then anon, there burst



140

forth creeping imagery of slighter trees,



and with the larger wove in small intricacies.



approving all, she faded at self-will,



and shut the chamber up, close, hushed and still,



complete and ready for the revels rude,



when dreadful guests would come to spoil her solitude.



the day appeared, and all the gossip rout.



o senseless lycius! madman! wherefore flout



the silent-blessing fate, warm cloistered hours,



and show to common eyes these secret bowers?



150

the herd approached; each guest, with busy brain,



arrivng at the portal, gazed amain,



and entered marvelling – for they knew the street,



remembered it from childhood all complete



without a gap, yet ne’er before had seen



that royal porch, that high-built fair demesne.



so in they hurried all, mazed, curious and keen –



save one, who looked thereon with eye severe,



and with calm-planted steps walked in austere.



’twas apollonius: something too he laughed,



160

as though some knotty problem, that had daffed



his patient thought, had now begun to thaw,



and solve and melt – ’twas just as he foresaw.



he met within the murmurous vestibule



his young disciple. ‘’tis no common rule,



lycius,’ said he, ‘for uninvited guest



to force himself upon you, and infest



with an unbidden presence the bright throng



of younger friends; yet must i do this wrong,



and you forgive me. lycius blushed, and led



170

the old man through the inner doors broad-spread;



with reconciling words and courteous mien



turning into sweet milk the sophist’s spleen.



of wealthy lustre was the banquet-room,



filled with pervading brilliance and perfume:



before each lucid panel fuming stood



a censer fed with myrrh and spiced wood,



each by a sacred tripod held aloft,



whose slender feet wide-swerved upon the soft



wool-woofed carpets; fifty wreaths of smoke



180

from fifty censers their light voyage took



to the high roof, still mimicked as they rose



along the mirrored walls by twin-clouds odorous.



twelve sphered tables, by silk seats ensphered,



high as the level of a man’s breast reared



on libbard’s paws, upheld the heavy gold



of cups and goblets, and the store thrice told



of ceres’ horn, and, in huge vessels, wine



come from the gloomy tun with merry shine.



thus loaded with a feast the tables stood,



190

each shrining in the midst the image of a god.



when in an antechamber every guest



had felt the cold full sponge to pleasure pressed,



by ministering slaves, upon his hands and feet,



and fragrant oils with ceremony meet



poured on his hair, they all moved to the feast



in white robes, and themselves in order placed



around the silken couches, wondering



whence all this mighty cost and blaze of wealth could spring.



soft went the music the soft air along,



200

while fluent greek a vowelled undersong



kept up among the guests, discoursing low



at first, for scarcely was the wine at flow;



but when the happy vintage touched their brains,



louder they talk, and louder come the strains



of powerful instruments. the gorgeous dyes,



the space, the splendour of the draperies,



the roof of awful richness, nectarous cheer,



beautiful slaves, and lamia’s self, appear,



now, when the wine has done its rosy deed,



210

and every soul from human trammels freed,



no more so strange; for merry wine, sweet wine,



will make elysian shades not too fair, too divine.



soon was god bacchus at meridian height;



flushed were their cheeks, and bright eyes double bright:



garlands of every green, and every scent



from vales deflowered, or forest-trees branch-rent,



in baskets of bright osiered gold were brought



high as the handles heaped, to suit the thought



of every guest – that each, as he did please,



220

might fancy-fit his brows, silk-pillowed at his ease.



what wreath for lamia? what for lycius?



what for the sage, old apollonius?



upon her aching forehead be there hung



the leaves of willow and of adder’s tongue;



and for the youth, quick, let us strip for him



the thyrsus, that his watching eyes may swim



into forgetfulness; and, for the sage,



let spear-grass and the spiteful thistle wage



war on his temples. do not all charms fly



230

at the mere touch of cold philosophy?



there was an awful rainbow once in heaven:



we know her woof, her texture; she is given



in the dull catalogue of common things.



philosophy will clip an angel’s wings,



conquer all mysteries by rule and line,



empty the haunted air, and gnomed mine –



unweave a rainbow, as it erewhile made



the tender-personed lamia melt into a shade.



by her glad lycius sitting, in chief place,



240

scarce saw in all the room another face,



till, checking his love trance, a cup he took



full brimmed, and opposite sent forth a look



‘cross the broad table, to beseech a glance



from his old teacher’s wrinkled countenance,



and pledge him. the bald-head philosopher



had fixed his eye, without a twinkle or stir



full on the alarmed beauty of the bride,



brow-beating her fair form, and troubling her sweet pride.



lycius then pressed her hand, with devout touch,



250

as pale it lay upon the rosy couch:



’twas icy, and the cold ran through his veins;



then sudden it grew hot, and all the pains



of an unnatural heat shot to his heart.



‘lamia, what means this? wherefore dost thou start?



know’st thou that man?’ poor lamia answered not.



he gazed into her eyes, and not a jot



owned they the lovelorn piteous appeal;



more, more he gazed; his human senses reel;



some hungry spell that loveliness absorbs;



260

there was no recognition in those orbs.



‘lamia!’ he cried – and no soft-toned reply.



the many heard, and the loud revelry



grew hush; the stately music no more breathes;



the myrtle sickened in a thousand wreaths.



by faint degrees, voice, lute, and pleasure ceased;



a deadly silence step by step increased,



until it seemed a horrid presence there,



and not a man but felt the terror in his hair.



‘lamia!’ he shrieked; and nothing but the shriek



270

with its sad echo did the silence break.



‘begone, foul dream!’ he cried, gazing again



in the bride’s face, where now no azure vein



wandered on fair-spaced temples; no soft bloom



misted the cheek; no passion to illume



the deep-recessed vision. all was blight;



lamia, no longer fair, there sat a deadly white.



‘shut, shut those juggling eyes, thou ruthless man!



turn them aside, wretch! or the righteous ban



of all the gods, whose dreadful images



280

here represent their shadowy presences,



may pierce them on the sudden with the thorn



of painful blindness; leaving thee forlorn,



in trembling dotage to the feeblest fright



of conscience, for their long offended might,



for all thine impious proud-heart sophistries,



unlawful magic, and enticing lies.



corinthians! look upon that grey-beard wretch!



mark how, possessed, his lashless eyelids stretch



around his demon eyes! corinthians, see!



290

my sweet bride withers at their potency.’



‘fool!’ said the sophist, in an undertone



gruff with contempt; which a death-nighing moan



from lycius answered, as heart-struck and lost,



he sank supine beside the aching ghost.



‘fool! fool!’ repeated he, while his eyes still



relented not, nor moved: ‘from every ill



of life have i preserved thee to this day,



and shall i see thee made a serpent’s prey?’



then lamia breathed death-breath; the sophist’s eye,



300

like a sharp spear, went through her utterly,



keen, cruel, perceant, stinging: she, as well



as her weak hand could any meaning tell,



motioned him to be silent; vainly so,



he looked and looked again a level – no!



‘a serpent!’ echoed he; no sooner said,



than with a frightful scream she vanished:



and lycius’ arms were empty of delight,



as were his limbs of life, from that same night.



on the high couch he lay! – his friends came round –



310

supported him – no pulse, or breath they found,



and, in its marriage robe, the heavy body wound.





‘pensive they sit, and roll their languid eyes’


pensive they sit, and roll their languid eyes,



nibble their toasts and cool their tea with sighs;



or else forget the purpose of the night,



forget their tea, forget their appetite.



see, with crossed arms they sit – ah! hapless crew,



the fire is going out and no one rings



for coals, and therefore no coals betty brings.



a fly is in the milk-pot – must he die



circled by a humane society?



10

no, no; there, mr werter takes his spoon,



inverts it, dips the handle, and lo! soon



the little struggler, saved from perils dark,



across the teaboard draws a long wet mark.



romeo! arise! take snuffers by the handle,



there’s a large cauliflower in each candle.



a winding-sheet – ah, me! i must away



to no. 7, just beyond the circus gay.



‘alas, my friend, your coat sits very well;



where may your tailor live?’ ‘i may not tell.



20

o pardon me – i’m absent now and then.



where might my tailor live? i say again



i cannot tell. let me no more be teased –



he lives in wapping, might live where he pleased.’





to autumn


i



season of mists and mellow fruitfulness,



close bosom-friend of the maturing sun,



conspiring with him how to load and bless



with fruit the vines that round the thatch-eves run;



to bend with apples the mossed cottage-trees,



and fill all fruit with ripeness to the core;



to swell the gourd, and plump the hazel shells



with a sweet kernel; to set budding more,



and still more, later flowers for the bees,



10

until they think warm days will never cease,



for summer has o’er-brimmed their clammy cells.



ii



who hath not seen thee oft amid thy store?



sometimes whoever seeks abroad may find



thee sitting careless on a granary floor,



thy hair soft-lifted by the winnowing wind;



or on a half-reaped furrow sound asleep,



drowsed with the fume of poppies while thy hook



spares the next swath and all its twined flowers;



and sometimes like a gleaner thou dost keep



20

steady thy laden head across a brook;



or by a cider-press, with patient look,



thou watchest the last oozings hours by hours.



iii



where are the songs of spring? ay, where are they?



think not of them, thou hast thy music too –



while barred clouds bloom the soft-dying day,



and touch the stubble-plains with rosy hue:



then in a wailful choir the small gnats mourn



among the river sallows, borne aloft



or sinking as the light wind lives or dies;



30

and full-grown lambs loud bleat from hilly bourn;



hedge-crickets sing; and now with treble soft



the red-breast whistles from a garden-croft;



and gathering swallows twitter in the skies.





the fall of hyperion. a dream


canto i



fanatics have their dreams, wherewith they weave



a paradise for a sect; the savage too



from forth the loftiest fashion of his sleep



guesses at heaven: pity these have not



traced upon vellum or wild indian leaf



the shadows of melodious utterance.



but bare of laurel they live, dream, and die;



for poesy alone can tell her dreams,



with the fine spell of words alone can save



10

imagination from the sable charm



and dumb enchantment. who alive can say,



‘thou art no poet – mayst not tell thy dreams’?



since every man whose soul is not a clod



hath visions, and would speak, if he had loved,



and been well nurtured in his mother tongue.



whether the dream now purposed to rehearse



be poet’s or fanatic’s will be known



when this warm scribe my hand is in the grave.



methought i stood where trees of every clime,



20

palm, myrtle, oak, and sycamore, and beech,



with plantain, and spice-blossoms, made a screen –



in neighbourhood of fountains, by the noise



soft-showering in mine ears, and, by the touch



of scent, not far from roses. turning round,



i saw an arbour with a drooping roof



of trellis vines, and bells, and larger blooms,



like floral censers, swinging light in air;



before its wreathed doorway, on a mound



of moss, was spread a feast of summer fruits,



30

which, nearer seen, seemed refuse of a meal



by angel tasted, or our mother eve;



for empty shells were scattered on the grass,



and grape-stalks but half bare, and remnants more,



sweet-smelling, whose pure kinds i could not know.



still was more plenty than the fabled horn



thrice emptied could pour forth at banqueting



for proserpine returned to her own fields,



where the white heifers low. and appetite



more yearning than on earth i ever felt



40

growing within, i ate deliciously;



and, after not long, thirsted, for thereby



stood a cool vessel of transparent juice,



sipped by the wandered bee, the which i took,



and, pledging all the mortals of the world,



and all the dead whose names are in our lips,



drank. that full draught is parent of my theme.



no asian poppy, nor elixir fine



of the soon-fading jealous caliphat;



no poison gendered in close monkish cell,



50

to thin the scarlet conclave of old men,



could so have rapt unwilling life away.



among the fragrant husks and berries crushed,



upon the grass i struggled hard against



the domineering potion; but in vain –



the cloudy swoon came on, and down i sunk,



like a silenus on an antique vase.



how long i slumbered ’tis a chance to guess.



when sense of life returned, i started up



as if with wings; but the fair trees were gone,



60

the mossy mound and arbour were no more.



i looked around upon the carved sides



of an old sanctuary with roof august,



builded so high, it seemed that filmed clouds



might spread beneath, as o’er the stars of heaven.



so old the place was, i remembered none



the like upon the earth: what i had seen



of grey cathedrals, buttressed walls, rent towers,



the superannuations of sunk realms,



or nature’s rocks toiled hard in waves and winds,



70

seemed but the faulture of decrepit things



to that eternal domed monument.



upon the marble at my feet there lay



store of strange vessels and large draperies,



which needs had been of dyed asbestos wove,



or in that place the moth could not corrupt,



so white the linen; so, in some, distinct



ran imageries from a sombre loom.



all in a mingled heap confused there lay



robes, golden tongs, censer and chafing-dish,



80

girdles, and chains, and holy jewelleries –



turning from these with awe, once more i raised



my eyes to fathom the space every way –



the embossed roof, the silent massy range



of columns north and south, ending in mist



of nothing, then to eastward, where black gates



were shut against the sunrise evermore.



then to the west i looked, and saw far off



an image, huge of feature as a cloud,



at level of whose feet an altar slept,



90

to be approached on either side by steps,



and marble balustrade, and patient travail



to count with toil the innumerable degrees.



towards the altar sober-paced i went,



repressing haste, as too unholy there;



and, coming nearer, saw beside the shrine



one ministering; and there arose a flame.



when in mid-may the sickening east wind



shifts sudden to the south, the small warm rain



melts out the frozen incense from all flowers,



100

and fills the air with so much pleasant health



that even the dying man forgets his shroud –



even so that lofty sacrificial fire,



sending forth maian incense, spread around



forgetfulness of everything but bliss,



and clouded all the altar with soft smoke,



from whose white fragrant curtains thus i heard



language pronounced: ‘if thou canst not ascend



these steps, die on that marble where thou art.



thy flesh, near cousin to the common dust,



110

will parch for lack of nutriment – thy bones



will wither in few years, and vanish so



that not the quickest eye could find a grain



of what thou now art on that pavement cold.



the sands of thy short life are spent this hour,



and no hand in the universe can turn



thy hourglass, if these gummed leaves be burnt



ere thou canst mount up these immortal steps.’



i heard, i looked: two senses both at once,



so fine, so subtle, felt the tyranny



120

of that fierce threat, and the hard task proposed.



prodigious seemed the toil; the leaves were yet



burning – when suddenly a palsied chill



struck from the paved level up my limbs,



and was ascending quick to put cold grasp



upon those streams that pulse beside the throat.



i shrieked; and the sharp anguish of my shriek



stung my own ears – i strove hard to escape



the numbness, strove to gain the lowest step.



slow, heavy, deadly was my pace: the cold



130

grew stifling, suffocating, at the heart;



and when i clasped my hands i felt them not.



one minute before death, my iced foot touched



the lowest stair; and as it touched, life seemed



to pour in at the toes: i mounted up,



as once fair angels on a ladder flew



from the green turf to heaven. ‘holy power,’



cried i, approaching near the horned shrine,



‘what am i that should so be saved from death?



what am i that another death come not



140

to choke my utterance sacrilegious, here?’



then said the veiled shadow: ‘thou hast felt



what ’tis to die and live again before



thy fated hour. that thou hadst power to do so



is thy own safety; thou hast dated on



thy doom.’ ‘high prophetess,’ said i, ‘purge off,



benign, if so it please thee, my mind’s film.’



‘none can usurp this height,’ returned that shade,



but those to whom the miseries of the world



are misery, and will not let them rest.



150

all else who find a haven in the world,



where they may thoughtless sleep away their days,



if by a chance into this fane they come,



rot on the pavement where thou rotted’st half.’



‘are there not thousands in the world,’ said i,



encouraged by the sooth voice of the shade,



‘who love their fellows even to the death;



who feel the giant agony of the world;



and more, like slaves to poor humanity,



labour for mortal good? i sure should see



160

other men here: but i am here alone.’



‘they whom thou spak’st of are no visionaries,’



rejoined that voice – ‘they are no dreamers weak,



they seek no wonder but the human face;



no music but a happy-noted voice –



they come not here, they have no thought to come –



and thou art here, for thou art less than they –



what benefit canst thou do, or all thy tribe,



to the great world? thou art a dreaming thing,



a fever of thyself. think of the earth;



170

what bliss even in hope is there for thee?



what haven? every creature hath its home;



every sole man hath days of joy and pain,



whether his labours be sublime or low –



the pain alone; the joy alone; distinct:



only the dreamer venoms all his days,



bearing more woe than all his sins deserve.



therefore, that happiness be somewhat shared,



such things as thou art are admitted oft



into like gardens thou didst pass erewhile,



180

and suffered in these temples; for that cause



thou standest safe beneath this statue’s knees.’



‘that i am favoured for unworthiness,



by such propitious parley medicined



in sickness not ignoble, i rejoice –



ay, and could weep for love of such award.’



so answered i, continuing, ‘if it please,



majestic shadow, tell me: sure not all



those melodies sung into the world’s ear



are useless: sure a poet is a sage,



190

a humanist, physician to all men.



that i am none i feel, as vultures feel



they are no birds when eagles are abroad.



what am i then? thou spakest of my tribe:



what tribe?’ – the tall shade veiled in drooping white



then spake, so much more earnest, that the breath



moved the thin linen folds that drooping hung



about a golden censer from the hand



pendent. – ‘art thou not of the dreamer tribe?



the poet and the dreamer are distinct,



200

diverse, sheer opposite, antipodes.



the one pours out a balm upon the world,



the other vexes it.’ then shouted i,



spite of myself, and with a pythia’s spleen,



‘apollo! faded, far-flown apollo!



where is thy misty pestilence to creep



into the dwellings, through the door crannies,



of all mock lyrists, large self-worshippers



and careless hectorers in proud bad verse.



though i breathe death with them it will be life



210

to see them sprawl before me into graves.



majestic shadow, tell me where i am,



whose altar this; for whom this incense curls;



what image this, whose face i cannot see,



for the broad marble knees; and who thou art,



of accent feminine so courteous?’



then the tall shade, in drooping linens veiled,



spake out, so much more earnest, that her breath



stirred the thin folds of gauze that drooping hung



about a golden censer from her hand



220

pendent; and by her voice i knew she shed



long-treasured tears. ‘this temple, sad and lone,



is all spared from the thunder of a war



foughten long since by giant hierarchy



against rebellion; this old image here,



whose carved features wrinkled as he fell,



is saturn’s; i moneta, left supreme



sole priestess of his desolation.’



i had no words to answer, for my tongue,



useless, could find about its roofed home



230

no syllable of a fit majesty



to make rejoinder to moneta’s mourn.



there was a silence, while the altar’s blaze



was fainting for sweet food: i looked thereon,



and on the paved floor, where nigh were piled



faggots of cinnamon, and many heaps



of other crisped spice-wood – then again



i looked upon the altar, and its horns



whitened with ashes, and its languorous flame,



and then upon the offerings again;



240

and so by turns – till sad moneta cried:



‘the sacrifice is done, but not the less



will i be kind to thee for thy goodwill.



my power, which to me is still a curse,



shall be to thee a wonder; for the scenes



still swooning vivid through my globed brain,



with an electral changing misery,



thou shalt with those dull mortal eyes behold,



free from all pain, if wonder pain thee not.’



as near as an immortal’s sphered words



250

could to a mother’s soften, were these last:



but yet i had a terror of her robes,



and chiefly of the veils, that from her brow



hung pale, and curtained her in mysteries



that made my heart too small to hold its blood.



this saw that goddess, and with sacred hand



parted the veils. then saw i a wan face,



not pined by human sorrows, but bright-blanched



by an immortal sickness which kills not;



it works a constant change, which happy death



260

can put no end to; deathwards progressing



to no death was that visage; it had passed



the lily and the snow; and beyond these



i must not think now, though i saw that face –



but for her eyes i should have fled away.



they held me back, with a benignant light,



soft-mitigated by divinest lids



half-closed, and visionless entire they seemed



of all external things – they saw me not,



but in blank splendour beamed like the mild moon,



270

who comforts those she sees not, who knows not



what eyes are upward cast. as i had found



a grain of gold upon a mountain’s side,



and twinged with avarice strained out my eyes



to search its sullen entrails rich with ore,



so at the view of sad moneta’s brow



i ached to see what things the hollow brain



behind enwombed; what high tragedy



in the dark secret chambers of her skull



was acting, that could give so dread a stress



280

to her cold lips, and fill with such a light



her planetary eyes; and touch her voice



with such a sorrow – ‘shade of memory!’



cried i, with act adorant at her feet,



‘by all the gloom hung round thy fallen house,



by this last temple, by the golden age,



by great apollo, thy dear foster child,



and by thyself, forlorn divinity,



the pale omega of a withered race,



let me behold, according as thou said’st,



290

what in thy brain so ferments to and fro.’



no sooner had this conjuration passed



my devout lips, than side by side we stood



(like a stunt bramble by a solemn pine)



deep in the shady sadness of a vale,



far sunken from the healthy breath of morn,



far from the fiery noon and eve’s one star.



onward i looked beneath the gloomy boughs,



and saw, what first i thought an image huge,



like to the image pedestalled so high



300

in saturn’s temple. then moneta’s voice



came brief upon mine ear: ‘so saturn sat



when he had lost his realms.’ whereon there grew



a power within me of enormous ken



to see as a god sees, and take the depth



of things as nimbly as the outward eye



can size and shape pervade. the lofty theme



at those few words hung vast before my mind,



with half-unravelled web. i set myself



upon an eagle’s watch, that i might see,



310

and seeing ne’er forget. no stir of life



was in this shrouded vale, not so much air



as in zoning of a summer’s day



robs not one light seed from the feathered grass,



but where the dead leaf fell there did it rest.



a stream went voiceless by, still deadened more



by reason of the fallen divinity



spreading more shade; the naiad ’mid her reeds



pressed her cold finger closer to her lips.



along the margin-sand large footmarks went



320

no farther than to where old saturn’s feet



had rested, and there slept – how long a sleep!



degraded, cold, upon the sodden ground



his old right hand lay nerveless, listless, dead,



unsceptred; and his realmless eyes were closed,



while his bowed head seemed listening to the earth,



his ancient mother, for some comfort yet.



it seemed no force could wake him from his place;



but there came one who, with a kindred hand



touched his wide shoulders, after bending low



330

with reverence, though to one who knew it not.



then came the grieved voice of mnemosyne,



and grieved i hearkened. ‘that divinity



whom thou saw’st step from yon forlornest wood,



and with slow pace approach our fallen king,



is thea, softest-natured of our brood.’



i marked the goddess in fair statuary



surpassing wan moneta by the head,



and in her sorrow nearer woman’s tears.



there was a listening fear in her regard,



340

as if calamity had but begun;



as if the vanward clouds of evil days



had spent their malice, and the sullen rear



was with its stored thunder labouring up.



one hand she pressed upon that aching spot



where beats the human heart, as if just there,



though an immortal, she felt cruel pain;



the other upon saturn’s bended neck



she laid, and to the level of his hollow ear



leaning with parted lips, some words she spake



350

in solemn tenor and deep organ tune,



some mourning words, which in our feeble tongue



would come in this-like accenting – how frail



to that large utterance of the early gods! –



‘saturn! look up – and for what, poor lost king?



i have no comfort for thee, no – not one;



i cannot cry, wherefore thus sleepest thou?



for heaven is parted from thee, and the earth



knows thee not, so afflicted, for a god;



and ocean too, with all its solemn noise,



360

has from thy sceptre passed, and all the air



is emptied of thine hoary majesty.



thy thunder, captious at the new command,



rumbles reluctant o’er our fallen house;



and thy sharp lightning, in unpractised hands,



scorches and burns our once serene domain.



with such remorseless speed still come new woes



that unbelief has not a space to breathe.



saturn! sleep on. me thoughtless, why should i



thus violate thy slumbrous solitude?



370

why should i ope thy melancholy eyes?



saturn, sleep on, while at thy feet i weep.’



as when, upon a tranced summer-night,



forests, branch-charmed by the earnest stars,



dream, and so dream all night without a noise,



save from one gradual solitary gust,



swelling upon the silence; dying off;



as if the ebbing air had but one wave –



so came these words, and went; the while in tears



she pressed her fair large forehead to the earth,



380

just where her fallen hair might spread in curls,



a soft and silken mat for saturn’s feet.



long, long those two were postured motionless,



like sculpture builded-up upon the grave



of their own power. a long awful time



i looked upon them: still they were the same;



the frozen god still bending to the earth,



and the sad goddess weeping at his feet;



moneta silent. without stay or prop,



but my own weak mortality, i bore



390

the load of this eternal quietude,



the unchanging gloom, and the three fixed shapes



ponderous upon my senses a whole moon.



for by my burning brain i measured sure



her silver seasons shedded on the night,



and every day by day methought i grew



more gaunt and ghostly. oftentimes i prayed



intense, that death would take me from the vale



and all its burthens. gasping with despair



of change, hour after hour i cursed myself –



400

until old saturn raised his faded eyes,



and looked around and saw his kingdom gone,



and all the gloom and sorrow of the place,



and that fair kneeling goddess at his feet.



as the moist scent of flowers, and grass, and leaves,



fills forest dells with a pervading air



known to the woodland nostril, so the words



of saturn filled the mossy glooms around,



even to the hollows of time-eaten oaks,



and to the windings in the foxes’ hole,



410

with sad low tones, while thus he spake, and sent



strange musings to the solitary pan:



‘moan, brethren, moan; for we are swallowed up



and buried from all godlike exercise



of influence benign on planets pale,



and peaceful sway above man’s harvesting,



and all those acts which deity supreme



doth ease its heart of love in. moan and wail.



moan, brethren, moan; for lo! the rebel spheres



spin round, the stars their ancient courses keep,



420

clouds still with shadowy moisture haunt the earth,



still suck their fill of light from sun and moon,



still buds the tree, and still the sea-shores murmur.



there is no death in all the universe,



no smell of death – there shall be death – moan, moan,



moan, cybele, moan; for thy pernicious babes



have changed a god into a shaking palsy.



moan, brethren, moan, for i have no strength left,



weak as the reed – weak – feeble as my voice –



o, o, the pain, the pain of feebleness.



430

moan, moan, for still i thaw – or give me help:



throw down those imps, and give me victory.



let me hear other groans, and trumpets blown



of triumph calm, and hymns of festival,



from the gold peaks of heaven’s high-piled clouds –



voices of soft proclaim, and silver stir



of strings in hollow shells; and let there be



beautiful things made new for the surprise



of the sky-children –’ so he feebly ceased,



with such a poor and sickly sounding pause,



440

methought i heard some old man of the earth



bewailing earthly loss; nor could my eyes



and ears act with that pleasant unison of sense



which marries sweet sound with the grace of form



and dolorous accent from a tragic harp



with large-limbed visions. more 1 scrutinized:



still fixed he sat beneath the sable trees,



whose arms spread straggling in wild serpent forms,



with leaves all hushed; his awful presence there



(now all was silent) gave a deadly lie



450

to what i erewhile heard – only his lips



trembled amid the white curls of his beard.



they told the truth, though, round, the snowy locks



hung nobly, as upon the face of heaven



a midday fleece of clouds. thea arose,



and stretched her white arm through the hollow dark,



pointing some whither; whereat he too rose



like a vast giant, seen by men at sea



to grow pale from the waves at dull midnight.



they melted from my sight into the woods;



460

ere i could turn, moneta cried: ‘these twain



are speeding to the families of grief,



where roofed in by black rocks they waste, in pain



and darkness, for no hope.’ – and she spake on,



as ye may read who can unwearied pass



onward from the antechamber of this dream,



where even at the open doors awhile



i must delay, and glean my memory



of her high phrase – perhaps no further dare.



canto ii



‘mortal, that thou mayst understand aright,



i humanize my sayings to thine ear,



making comparisons of earthly things;



or thou mightst better listen to the wind,



whose language is to thee a barren noise,



though it blows legend-laden through the trees –



in melancholy realms big tears are shed,



more sorrow like to this, and such-like woe,



too huge for mortal tongue, or pen of scribe.



10

the titans fierce, self-hid or prison-bound,



groan for the old allegiance once more,



listening in their doom for saturn’s voice.



but one of our whole eagle-brood still keeps



his sovereignty, and rule, and majesty;



blazing hyperion on his orbed fire



still sits, still snuffs the incense teeming up



from man to the sun’s god – yet unsecure.



for as upon the earth dire prodigies



fright and perplex, so also shudders he:



20

nor at dog’s howl or gloom-bird’s even screech,



or the familiar visitings of one



upon the first toll of his passing-bell:



but horrors, portioned to a giant nerve,



make great hyperion ache. his palace bright,



bastioned with pyramids of glowing gold,



and touched with shade of bronzed obelisks,



glares a blood-red through all the thousand courts,



arches, and domes, and fiery galleries;



and all its curtains of aurorian clouds



30

flush angerly: when he would taste the wreaths



of incense breathed aloft from sacred hills,



instead of sweets, his ample palate takes



savour of poisonous brass and metals sick.



wherefore, when harboured in the sleepy west,



after the full completion of fair day,



for rest divine upon exalted couch



and slumber in the arms of melody,



he paces through the pleasant hours of ease



with strides colossal, on from hall to hall;



40

while far within each aisle and deep recess



his winged minions in close clusters stand



amazed, and full of fear; like anxious men,



who on a wide plain gather in sad troops,



when earthquakes jar their battlements and towers.



even now, while saturn, roused from icy trance,



goes, step for step, with thea from yon woods,



hyperion, leaving twilight in the rear,



is sloping to the threshold of the west –



thither we tend.’ – now in clear light i stood,



50

relieved from the dusk vale. mnemosyne



was sitting on a square-edged polished stone,



that in its lucid depth reflected pure



her priestess-garments. my quick eyes ran on



from stately nave to nave, from vault to vault,



through bowers of fragrant and enwreathed light



and diamond-paved lustrous long arcades.



anon rushed by the bright hyperion;



his flaming robes streamed out beyond his heels,



and gave a roar, as if of earthly fire,



60

that scared away the meek ethereal hours,



and made their dove-wings tremble. on he flared…





‘the day is gone, and all its sweets are gone!’


the day is gone, and all its sweets are gone!



sweet voice, sweet lips, soft hand, and softer breast,



warm breath light whisper tender semi-tone



bright eyes, accomplished shape, and languorous waist!



faded the flower and all its budded charms,



faded the sight of beauty from my eyes,



faded the shape of beauty from my arms,



faded the voice, warmth, whiteness, paradise –



vanished unseasonably at shut of eve,



10

when the dusk holiday – or holinight –



of fragrant-curtained love begins to weave



the woof of darkness thick, for hid delight;



but, as i’ve read love’s missal through today,



he’ll let me sleep, seeing i fast and pray.





what can i do to drive away


what can i do to drive away



remembrance from my eyes? for they have seen,



ay, an hour ago, my brilliant queen!



touch has a memory. o say, love, say,



what can i do to kill it and be free



in my old liberty?



when every fair one that i saw was fair,



enough to catch me in but half a snare,



not keep me there;



10

when, howe’er poor or parti-coloured things,



my muse had wings,



and ever ready was to take her course



whither i bent her force,



unintellectual, yet divine to me –



divine, i say! what sea-bird o’er the sea



is a philosopher the while he goes



winging along where the great water throes?



how shall i do



to get anew



20

those moulted feathers, and so mount once more



above, above



the reach of fluttering love,



and make him cower lowly while i soar?



shall i gulp wine? no, that is vulgarism,



a heresy and schism,



foisted into the canon law of love;



no – wine is only sweet to happy men;



more dismal cares



seize on me unawares –



30

where shall i learn to get my peace again?



to banish thoughts of that most hateful land,



dungeoner of my friends, that wicked strand



where they were wrecked and live a wrecked life;



that monstrous region, whose dull rivers pour,



ever from their sordid urns into the shore,



unowned of any weedy-haired gods;



whose winds, all zephyrless, hold scourging rods,



iced in the great lakes, to afflict mankind;



whose rank-grown forests, frosted, black, and blind,



40

would fright a dryad; whose harsh-herbaged meads



make lean and lank the starved ox while he feeds;



there flowers have no scent, birds no sweet song,



and great unerring nature once seems wrong.



o, for some sunny spell



to dissipate the shadows of this hell!



say they are gone – with the new dawning light



steps forth my lady bright!



o, let me once more rest



my soul upon that dazzling breast!



50

let once again these aching arms be placed,



the tender gaolers of thy waist!



and let me feel that warm breath here and there



to spread a rapture in my very hair –



o, the sweetness of the pain!



give me those lips again!



enough! enough! it is enough for me



to dream of thee!





‘i cry your mercy, pity, love – ay, love!’


i cry your mercy, pity, love – ay, love!



merciful love that tantalizes not,



one-thoughted, never-wandering, guileless love,



unmasked, and being seen – without a blot!



o! let me have thee whole, – all, all, be mine!



that shape, that fairness, that sweet minor zest



of love, your kiss – those hands, those eyes divine,



that warm, white, lucent, million-pleasured breast –



yourself – your soul – in pity give me all,



10

withhold no atom’s atom or i die;



or living on perhaps, your wretched thrall,



forget, in the mist of idle misery,



life’s purposes – the palate of my mind



losing its gust, and my ambition blind!





‘bright star! would i were steadfast as thou art’


bright star! would i were steadfast as thou art –



not in lone splendour hung aloft the night



and watching, with eternal lids apart,



like nature’s patient, sleepless eremite,



the moving waters at their priestlike task



of pure ablution round earth’s human shores,



or gazing on the new soft-fallen mask



of snow upon the mountains and the moors –



no – yet still steadfast, still unchangeable,



10

pillowed upon my fair love’s ripening breast,



to feel for ever its soft swell and fall,



awake for ever in a sweet unrest,



still, still to hear her tender-taken breath,



and so live ever – or else swoon to death.





king stephen. a fragment of a tragedy


act i

scene 1 field of battle.

[alarm. enter king stephen, knights, and soldiers]





stephenif shame can on a soldier’s vein-swollen front



spread deeper crimson than the battle’s toil,



blush in your casing helmets! for see, see!



yonder my chivalry, my pride of war,



wrenched with an iron hand from firm array,



are routed loose about the plashy meads,



of honour forfeit. o, that my known voice



could reach your dastard ears, and fright you more!



fly, cowards, fly! gloucester is at your backs!



10 throw your slack bridles o’er the flurried manes,



ply well the rowel with faint trembling heels,



scampering to death at last!



first knightthe enemy



bears his flaunt standard close upon their rear.



second knightsure of a bloody prey, seeing the fens



will swamp them girth-deep.



stephenover head and ears,



no matter! ’tis a gallant enemy;



how like a comet he goes streaming on.



but we must plague him in the flank – hey, friends.



we are well breathed – follow!



[enter earl baldwin and soldiers, as defeated]



stephende redvers!



20 what is the monstrous bugbear that can fright baldwin?



baldwinno scarecrow, but the fortunate star



of boisterous chester, whose fell truncheon now



points level to the goal of victory.



this way he comes, and if you would maintain



your person unaffronted by vile odds,



take horse, my lord.



stephenand which way spur for life?



now i thank heaven i am in the toils,



that soldiers may bear witness how my arm



can burst the meshes. not the eagle more



30 loves to beat up against a tyrannous blast,



than i to meet the torrent of my foes.



this is a brag – be’t so – but if i fall,



carve it upon my ’scutcheon’d sepulchre.



on, fellow soldiers! earl of redvers, back!



not twenty earls of chester shall browbeat



the diadem. [exeunt. alarum]





scene 2 another part of the field.

[trumpets sounding a victory. enter gloucester, knights, and forces]



gloucesternow may we lift our bruised vizors up,



and take the flattering freshness of the air,



while the wide din of battle dies away



into times past, yet to be echoed sure



in the silent pages of our chroniclers.



first knightwill stephen’s death be marked there, my good lord,



or that we gave him lodging in yon towers?



gloucesterfain would i know the great usurper’s fate.



[enter two captains severally]



first captain my lord!



second captain	most noble earl!



first captain the king –



10

second captain the empress greets –



gloucester what of the king?



first captainhe sole and lone maintains



a hopeless bustle mid our swarming arms,



and with a nimble savageness attacks,



escapes, makes fiercer onset, then anew



eludes death, giving death to most that dare



trespass within the circuit of his sword!



he must by this have fallen. baldwin is taken;



and for the duke of bretagne, like a stag



he flies, for the welsh beagles to hunt down.



20 god save the empress!



gloucesternow our dreaded queen:



what message from her highness?



second captainroyal maud



from the thronged towers of lincoln hath looked down,



like pallas from the walls of ilion,



and seen her enemies havocked at her feet.



she greets most noble gloucester from her heart,



entreating him, his captains, and brave knights,



to grace a banquet. the high city gates



are envious which shall see your triumph pass;



the streets are full of music.



[enter second knight]



gloucester whence come you?



30 second knight from stephen, my good prince –



stephen! stephen!



gloucester why do you make such echoing of his name?



second knightbecause i think, my lord, he is no man,



but a fierce demon, ’nointed safe from wounds,



and misbaptized with a christian name.



gloucester a mighty soldier! – does he still hold out?



second knighthe shames our victory. his valour still



keeps elbow-room amid our eager swords,



and holds our bladed falchions all aloof –



his gleaming battle-axe being slaughter-sick,



40 smote on the morion of a flemish knight,



broke short in his hand; upon the which he flung



the heft away with such a vengeful force,



it paunched the earl of chester’s horse, who then



spleen-hearted came in full career at him.



gloucester did no one take him at a vantage then?



second knightthree then with tiger leap upon him flew,



whom, with his sword swift-drawn and nimbly held,



he stung away again, and stood to breathe,



smiling. anon upon him rushed once more



50 a throng of foes, and in this renewed strife,



my sword met his and snapped off at the hilts.



gloucestercome, lead me to this mars – and let us move



in silence, not insulting his sad doom



with clamorous trumpets. to the empress bear



my salutation as befits the time.



[exeunt gloucester and forces]





scene 3 [the field of battle. enter stephen unarmed]

stephenanother sword! and what if i could seize



one from bellona’s gleaming armoury,



or choose the fairest of her sheaved spears!



where are my enemies? here, close at hand,



here comes the testy brood. o, for a sword!



i’m faint – a biting sword! a noble sword!



a hedge-stake – or a ponderous stone to hurl



with brawny vengeance, like the labourer cain.



come on! farewell my kingdom, and all hail



10 thou superb, plumed, and helmeted renown,



all hail! i would not truck this brilliant day



to rule in pylos with a nestor’s beard –



come on!



[enter de kaims and knights, etc.]



de kaimsis’t madness, or a hunger after death,



that makes thee thus unarmed throw taunts at us?



yield, stephen, or my sword’s point dips in



the gloomy current of a traitor’s heart.



stephen do it, de kaims, i will not budge an inch.



de kaims yes, of thy madness thou shalt take the meed.



20

stephen darest thou?



de kaims	how dare, against a man disarmed?



stephenwhat weapon has the lion but himself?



come not near me, de kaims, for by the price



of all the glory i have won this day,



being a king, i will not yield alive



to any but the second man of the realm,



robert of gloucester.



de kaims	thou shalt vail to me.



stephenshall i, when i have sworn against it, sir?



thou think’st it brave to take a breathing king,



that, on a court-day bowed to haughty maud,



30 the awed presence-chamber may be bold



to whisper, there’s the man who took alive



stephen – me – prisoner. certes, de kaims,



the ambition is a noble one.



de kaims	’tis true,



and, stephen, i must compass it.



stephen	no, no,



do not tempt me to throttle you on the gorge,



or with my gauntlet crush your hollow breast,



just when your knighthood is grown ripe and full



for lordship.



a soldieris an honest yeoman’s spear



of no use at a need? take that.



stephen ah, dastard!



40

de kaims what, you are vulnerable! my prisoner!



stephenno, not yet. i disclaim it, and demand



death as a sovereign right unto a king



who ’sdains to yield to any but his peer,



if not in title, yet in noble deeds,



the earl of gloucester. stab to the hilts, de kaims,



for i will never by mean hands be led



from this so famous field. do ye hear! be quick!



[trumpets. enter the earl of chester and knights]





scene 4 a presence chamber.

[queen maud in a chair of state, the earls of gloucester and chester, lords, attendants]



maudgloucester, no more: i will behold that boulogne:



set him before me. not for the poor sake



of regal pomp and a vainglorious hour,



as thou with wary speech, yet near enough,



hast hinted.



gloucesterfaithful counsel have i given;



if wary, for your highness’ benefit.



maudthe heavens forbid that i should not think so,



for by thy valour have i won this realm,



which by thy wisdom i will ever keep.



10 to sage advisers let me ever bend



a meek attentive ear, so that they treat



of the wide kingdom’s rule and government,



not trenching on our actions personal.



advised, not schooled, i would be; and henceforth



spoken to in clear, plain, and open terms,



not sideways sermoned at.



gloucesterthen, in plain terms,



once more for the fallen king –



maudyour pardon, brother,



i would no more of that; for, as i said,



’tis not for worldly pomp i wish to see



20 the rebel, but as dooming judge to give



a sentence something worthy of his guilt.



gloucester if ’t must be so, i’ll bring him to your presence. [exit gloucester]



mauda meaner summoner might do as well –



my lord of chester, is’t true what i hear



of stephen of boulogne, our prisoner,



that he, as a fit penance for his crimes,



eats wholesome, sweet, and palatable food



off gloucester’s golden dishes – drinks pure wine,



lodges soft?



chestermore than that, my gracious queen,



30 has angered me. the noble earl, methinks,



full soldier as he is, and without peer



in counsel, dreams too much among his books.



it may read well, but sure ’tis out of date



to play the alexander with darius.



maud truth! i think so. by heavens it shall not last!



chesterit would amaze your highness now to mark



how gloucester overstrains his courtesy



to that crime-loving rebel, that boulogne –



maud that ingrate!



chester	for whose vast ingratitude



40 to our late sovereign lord, your noble sire,



the generous earl condoles in his mishaps,



and with a sort of lackeying friendliness,



talks off the mighty frowning from his brow,



woos him to hold a duet in a smile,



or, if it please him, play an hour at chess –



maud a perjured slave!



chester	and for his perjury,



gloucester has fit rewards – nay, i believe,



he sets his bustling household’s wits at work



for flatteries to ease this stephen’s hours,



50 and make a heaven of his purgatory;



adorning bondage with the pleasant gloss



of feasts and music, and all idle shows



of indoor pageantry; while siren whispers,



predestined for his ear, ’scape as half-checked



from lips the courtliest and the rubiest



of all the realm, admiring of his deeds.



maud a frost upon his summer!



chester	a queen’s nod



can make his june december. here he comes.…





‘this living hand, now warm and capable’


this living hand, now warm and capable



of earnest grasping, would, if it were cold



and in the icy silence of the tomb,



so haunt thy days and chill thy dreaming nights



that thou would wish thine own heart dry of blood



so in my veins red life might stream again,



and thou be conscience-calmed – see here it is –



i hold it towards you.





the cap and bells; or, the jealousies


a faery tale – unfinished

i



in midmost ind, beside hydaspes cool,



there stood, or hovered, tremulous in the air



a faery city, ’neath the potent rule



of emperor elfinan – famed everywhere



for love of mortal women, maidens fair,



whose lips were solid, whose soft hands were made



of a fit mould and beauty, ripe and rare,



to pamper his slight wooing, warm yet staid:



he loved girls smooth as shades, but hated a mere shade.



ii



10

this was a crime forbidden by the law;



and all the priesthood of his city wept,



for ruin and dismay they well foresaw,



if impious prince no bound or limit kept,



and faery zendervester overstepped.



they wept, he sinned, and still he would sin on,



they dreamt of sin, and he sinned while they slept;



in vain the pulpit thundered at the throne,



caricature was vain, and vain the tart lampoon.



iii



which seeing, his high court of parliament



20

laid a remonstrance at his highness’ feet,



praying his royal senses to content



themselves with what in faery land was sweet,



befitting best that shade with shade should meet:



whereat, to calm their fears, he promised soon



from mortal tempters all to make retreat –



ay, even on the first of the new moon,



an immaterial wife to espouse as heaven’s boon.



iv



meantime he sent a fluttering embassy



to pigmio, of imaus sovereign,



30

to half beg, and half demand, respectfully,



the hand of his fair daughter bellanaine.



an audience had, and speeching done, they gain



their point, and bring the weeping bride away;



whom, with but one attendant, safely lain



upon their wings, they bore in bright array,



while little harps were touched by many a lyric fay.



v



as in old pictures tender cherubim



a child’s soul through the sapphired canvas bear,



so, through a real heaven, on they swim



40

with the sweet princess on her plumaged lair,



speed giving to the winds her lustrous hair;



and so she journeyed, sleeping or awake,



save when, for healthful exercise and air,



she chose to promener à l’aile, or take



a pigeon’s somerset, for sport or change’s sake.



vi



‘dear princess, do not whisper me so loud,’



quoth corallina, nurse and confidant,



‘do not you see there, lurking in a cloud,



close at your back, that sly old crafticant?



50

he hears a whisper plainer than a rant.



dry up your tears, and do not look so blue;



he’s elfinan’s great state-spy militant,



his running, lying, flying footman too –



dear mistress, let him have no handle against you!



vii



‘show him a mouse’s tail, and he will guess,



with metaphysic swiftness, at the mouse;



show him a garden, and with speed no less,



he’ll surmise sagely of a dwelling house,



and plot, in the same minute, how to chouse



60

the owner out of it; show him a – ’ ‘peace!



peace! nor contrive thy mistress’ ire to rouse!’



returned the princess, ‘my tongue shall not cease



till from this hated match i get a free release.



viii



‘ah, beauteous mortal!’ ‘hush!’ quoth coralline,



‘really you must not talk of him, indeed.’



‘you hush!’ replied the mistress, with a shine



of anger in her eyes, enough to breed



in stouter hearts than nurse’s fear and dread:



’twas not the glance itself made nursey flinch,



70

but of its threat she took the utmost heed,



not liking in her heart an hour-long pinch,



or a sharp needle run into her back an inch.



ix



so she was silenced, and fair bellanaine,



writhing her little body with ennui,



continued to lament and to complain,



that fate, cross-purposing should let her be



ravished away far from her dear countree;



that all her feelings should be set at naught,



in trumping up this match so hastily,



80

with lowland blood; and lowland blood she thought



poison, as every staunch true-born imaian ought.



x



sorely she grieved, and wetted three or four



white provence rose-leaves with her faery tears,



but not for this cause – alas! she had more



bad reasons for her sorrow, as appears



in the famed memoirs of a thousand years,



written by crafticant, and published



by parpaglion and co. (those sly compeers



who raked up every fact against the dead)



90

in scarab street, panthea, at the jubal’s head.



xi



where, after a long hypercritic howl



against the vicious manners of the age,



he goes on to expose, with heart and soul,



what vice in this or that year was the rage,



backbiting all the world in every page;



with special strictures on the horrid crime



(sectioned and subsectioned with learning sage),



of faeries stooping on their wings sublime



to kiss a mortal’s lips, when such were in their prime.



xii



100

turn to the copious index, you will find



somewhere in the column, headed letter b,



the name of bellanaine, if you’re not blind;



then pray refer to the text, and you will see



an article made up of calumny



against this highland princess, rating her



for giving way, so over-fashionably,



to this new-fangled vice, which seems a burr



stuck in his moral throat, no coughing e’er could stir.



xiii



there he says plainly that she loved a man!



110

that she around him fluttered, flirted, toyed,



before her marriage with great elfinan;



that after marriage too, she never joyed



in husband’s company, but still employed



her wits to ’scape away to angle-land;



where lived the youth, who worried and annoyed



her tender heart, and its warm ardours fanned



to such a dreadful blaze, her side would scorch her hand.



xiv



but let us leave this idle tittle-tattle



to waiting-maids, and bedroom coteries,



120

nor till fit time against her fame wage battle.



poor elfinan is very ill at ease –



let us resume his subject if you please:



for it may comfort and console him much



to rhyme and syllable his miseries;



poor elfinan! whose cruel fate was such,



he sat and cursed a bride he knew he could not touch.



xv



soon as (according to his promises)



the bridal embassy had taken wing,



and vanished, bird-like, o’er the suburb trees,



130

the emperor, empierced with the sharp sting



of love, retired, vexed and murmuring



like any drone shut from the fair bee-queen,



into his cabinet, and there did fling



his limbs upon a sofa, full of spleen,



and damned his house of commons, in complete chagrin.



xvi



‘i’ll trounce some of the members,’ cried the prince



‘i’ll put a mark against some rebel names,



i’ll make the opposition benches wince,



i’ll show them very soon, to all their shames,



140

what ’tis to smother up a prince’s flames;



that ministers should join in it, i own,



surprises me! – they too at these high games!



am i an emperor? do i wear a crown?



imperial elfinan, go hang thyself or drown!



xvii



‘i’ll trounce ’em! – there’s the square-cut chancellor,



his son shall never touch that bishopric;



and for the nephew of old palfior,



i’ll show him that his speeches made me sick,



and give the colonelcy to phalaric;



150

the tip-toe marquis, moral and gallant,



shall lodge in shabby taverns upon tick;



and for the speaker’s second cousin’s aunt,



she shan’t be maid of honour – by heaven that she shan’t!



xviii



‘i’ll shirk the duke of a.; i’ll cut his brother;



i’ll give no garter to his eldest son;



i won’t speak to his sister or his mother!



the viscount b. shall live at cut-and-run;



but how in the world can i contrive to stun



that fellow’s voice, which plagues me worse than any,



160

that stubborn fool, that impudent state-dun,



who sets down every sovereign as a zany –



that vulgar commoner, esquire biancopany?



xix



‘monstrous affair! pshaw! pah! what ugly minx



will they fetch from imaus for my bride?



alas! my wearied heart within me sinks,



to think that i must be so near allied



to a cold dullard fay– ah, woe betide!



ah, fairest of all human loveliness!



sweet bertha! what crime can it be to glide



170

about the fragrant pleatings of thy dress,



or kiss thine eyes, or count thy locks, tress after tress?’



xx



so said, one minute’s while his eyes remained



half lidded, piteous, languid, innocent;



but, in a wink, their splendour they regained,



sparkling revenge with amorous fury blent.



love thwarted in bad temper oft has vent:



he rose, he stamped his foot, he rang the bell,



and ordered, some death-warrants to be sent



for signature – somewhere the tempest fell,



180

as many a poor felon does not live to tell.



xxi



‘at the same time eban’ (this was his page,



a fay of colour, slave from top to toe,



sent as a present, while yet under age,



from the viceroy of zanguebar – wise, slow,



his speech, his only words were ‘yes’ and ‘no’,



but swift of look, and foot, and wing was he),



‘at the same time, eban, this instant go



to hum the soothsayer, whose name i see



among the fresh arrivals in our empery.



xxii



190

‘bring hum to me! but stay – here, take my ring,



the pledge of favour, that he not suspect



any foul play, or awkward murdering,



though i have bowstrung many of his sect;



throw in a hint, that if he should neglect



one hour, the next shall see him in my grasp,



and the next after that shall see him necked,



or swallowed by my hunger-starved asp –



and mention (’tis as well) the torture of the wasp.’



xxiii



these orders given, the prince, in half a pet,



200

let o’er the silk his propping elbow slide,



caught up his little legs, and, in a fret,



fell on the sofa on his royal side.



the slave retreated backwards, humble-eyed,



and with a slave-like silence closed the door,



and to old hum through street and alley hied;



he ‘knew the city’, as we say, of yore,



for shortest cuts and turns, was nobody knew more.



xxiv



it was the time when wholesale houses close



their shutters with a moody sense of wealth,



210

but retail dealers, diligent, let loose



the gas (objected to on score of health),



conveyed in little soldered pipes by stealth,



and make it flare in many a brilliant form,



that all the powers of darkness it repell’th,



which to the oil-trade doth great scathe and harm,



and supersedeth quite the use of the glow-worm.



xxv



eban, untempted by the pastry-cooks



(of pastry he got store within the palace),



with hasty steps, wrapped cloak, and solemn looks,



220

incognito upon his errand sallies,



his smelling-bottle ready for the alleys.



he passed the hurdy-gurdies with disdain,



vowing he’d have them sent on board the galleys;



just as he made his vow, it ’gan to rain,



therefore he called a coach, and bade it drive amain.



xxvi



‘i’ll pull the string, said he, and further said,



‘polluted jarvey! ah, thou filthy hack!



whose springs of life are all dried up and dead,



whose linsey-woolsey lining hangs all slack,



230

whose rug is straw, whose wholeness is a crack;



and evermore thy steps go clatter-clitter;



whose glass once up can never be got back,



who prov’st, with jolting arguments and bitter,



that ’tis of modern use to travel in a litter.



xxvii



‘thou inconvenience! thou hungry crop



for all corn! thou snail-creeper to and fro,



who while thou goest ever seem’st to stop,



and fiddle-faddle standest while you go;



i’ the morning, freighted with a weight of woe,



240

unto some lazar-house thou journeyest,



and in the evening tak’st a double row



of dowdies, for some dance or party dressed,



besides the goods meanwhile thou movest east and west.



xxviii



‘by thy ungallant bearing and sad mien,



an inch appears the utmost thou couldst budge;



yet at the slightest nod, or hint, or sign,



round to the curb-stone patient dost thou trudge,



schooled in a beckon, learned in a nudge,



a dull-eyed argus watching for a fare;



250

quiet and plodding, thou dost bear no grudge



to whisking tilburies, or phaetons rare,



curricles, or mail-coaches, swift beyond compare.



xxix



philosophizing thus, he pulled the check,



and bade the coachman wheel to such a street,



who, turning much his body, more his neck,



louted full low, and hoarsely did him greet:



‘certes, monsieur were best take to his feet,



seeing his servant can no further drive



for press of coaches, that tonight here meet



260

many as bees about a straw-capped hive,



when first for april honey into faint flowers they dive.’



xxx



eban then paid his fare, and tip-toe went



to hum’s hotel; and, as he on did pass



with head inclined, each dusky lineament



showed in the pearl-paved street as in a glass;



his purple vest, that ever peeping was



rich from the fluttering crimson of his cloak,



his silvery trousers, and his silken sash



tied in a burnished knot, their semblance took



270

upon the mirrored walls, wherever he might look.



xxxi



he smiled at self, and, smiling, showed his teeth,



and seeing his white teeth, he smiled the more;



lifted his eye-brows, spurned the path beneath,



showed teeth again, and smiled as heretofore,



until he knocked at the magician’s door;



where, till the porter answered, might be seen,



in the clear panel, more he could adore –



his turban wreathed of gold, and white, and green,



mustachios, ear-ring, nose-ring, and his sabre keen.



xxxii



280

‘does not your master give a rout tonight?’



quoth the dark page. ‘oh, no!’ returned the swiss,



‘next door but one to us, upon the right,



the magazin des modes now open is



against the emperor’s wedding – and, sir, this



my master finds a monstrous horrid bore,



as he retired, an hour ago i wis,



with his best beard and brimstone, to explore



and cast a quiet figure in his second floor.



xxxiii



‘gad! he’s obliged to stick to business!



290

for chalk, i hear, stands at a pretty price;



and as for aqua-vitae – there’s a mess!



the dentes sapientiae of mice,



our barber tells me too, are on the rise –



tinder’s a lighter article – nitre pure



goes off like lightning – grains of paradise



at an enormous figure! stars not sure! –



zodiac will not move without a sly douceur!



xxxiv



‘venus won’t stir a peg without a fee,



and master is too partial, entre nous,



300

to –’ ‘hush – hush!’ cried eban, ‘sure that is he



coming down stairs. by st bartholomew!



as backwards as he can – is’t something new?



or is’t his custom, in the name of fun?’



‘he always comes down backward, with one shoe’,



returned the porter, ‘off, and one shoe on,



like, saving shoe for sock or stocking, my man john!’



xxxv



it was indeed the great magician,



feeling, with careful toe, for every stair,



and retrograding careful as he can,



310

backwards and downwards from his own two pair:



‘salpietro!’ exclaimed hum, ‘is the dog there?



he’s always in my way upon the mat!’



‘he’s in the kitchen, or the lord knows where,’



replied the swiss, ‘the nasty, yelping brat!’



‘don’t beat him!’ returned hum, and on the floor came pat.



xxxvi



then facing right about, he saw the page,



and said: ‘don’t tell me what you want, eban;



the emperor is now in a huge rage –



’tis nine to one he’ll give you the rattan!



320

let us away!’ away together ran



the plain-dressed sage and spangled blackamoor,



nor rested till they stood to cool, and fan,



and breathe themselves at th’emperor’s chamber door,



when eban thought he heard a soft imperial snore.



xxxvii



‘i thought you guessed, foretold, or prophesied,



that’s majesty was in a raving fit?’



‘he dreams,’ said hum, ‘or i have ever lied,



that he is tearing you, sir, bit by bit.’



‘he’s not asleep, and you have little wit,’



330

replied the page, ‘that little buzzing noise,



whate’er your palmistry may make of it,



comes from a play-thing of the emperor’s choice,



from a man-tiger-organ, prettiest of his toys.’



xxxviii



eban then ushered in the learned seer:



elfinan’s back was turned, but, ne’ertheless,



both, prostrate on the carpet, ear by ear,



crept silently, and waited in distress,



knowing the emperor’s moody bitterness;



eban especially, who on the floor ’gan



340

tremble and quake to death – he feared less



a dose of senna-tea or nightmare gorgon



than the emperor when he played on his man-tiger-organ.



xxxix



they kissed nine times the carpet’s velvet face



of glossy silk, soft, smooth, and meadow-green,



where the close eye in deep rich fur might trace



a silver tissue, scantly to be seen,



as daisies lurked in june-grass, buds in treen.



sudden the music ceased, sudden the hand



of majesty, by dint of passion keen,



350

doubled into a common fist, went grand,



and knocked down three cut glasses, and his best inkstand.



xl



then turning round, he saw those trembling two.



‘eban,’ said he, ‘as slaves should taste the fruits



of diligence, i shall remember you



tomorrow, or the next day, as time suits,



in a finger conversation with my mutes –



begone! – for you, chaldean! here remain!



fear not, quake not, and as good wine recruits



a conjurer’s spirits, what cup will you drain?



360

sherry in silver, hock in gold, or glassed champagne?’



xli



‘commander of the faithful!’ answered hum,



‘in preference to these, i’ll merely taste



a thimble-full of old jamaica rum.’



‘a simple boon!’ said elfinan, ‘thou mayst



have nantz, with which my morning-coffee’s laced.’



‘i’ll have a glass of nantz, then,’ said the seer,



‘made racy (sure my boldness is misplaced!)



with the third part (yet that is drinking dear!)



of the least drop of creme de citron, crystal clear.’



xlii



370

‘i pledge you, hum! and pledge my dearest love,



my bertha!’ ‘bertha! bertha!’ cried the sage,



‘i know a many berthas!’ ‘mine’s above



all berthas!’ sighed the emperor. ‘i engage,’



said hum, ‘in duty, and in vassalage,



to mention all the berthas in the earth –



there’s bertha watson, and miss bertha page,



this famed for languid eyes, and that for mirth –



there’s bertha blount of york – and bertha knox of perth.’



xliii



‘you seem to know –’ ‘i do know,’ answered hum,



380

‘your majesty’s in love with some fine girl



named bertha, but her surname will not come,



without a little conjuring.’ ‘’tis pearl,



’tis bertha pearl what makes my brains so whirl;



and she is softer, fairer than her name!’



‘where does she live?’ asked hum. ‘her fair locks curl



so brightly, they put all our fays to shame! –



live? – o! at canterbury, with her old grand-dame.’



xliv



‘good! good!’ cried hum, ‘i’ve known her from a child!



she is a changeling of my management.



390

she was born at midnight in an indian wild;



her mother’s screams with the striped tiger’s blent,



while the torch-bearing slaves a halloo sent



into the jungles; and her palanquin,



rested amid the desert’s dreariment,



shook with her agony, till fair were seen



the little bertha’s eyes ope on the stars serene.’



xlv



‘i can’t say,’ said the monarch, ‘that may be



just as it happened, true or else a bam!



drink up your brandy, and sit down by me,



400

feel, feel my pulse, how much in love i am;



and if your science is not all a sham,



tell me some means to get the lady here.’



‘upon my honour!’ said the son of cham,



‘she is my dainty changeling, near and dear,



although her story sounds at first a little queer.’



xlvi



‘convey her to me, hum, or by my crown,



my sceptre, and my cross-surmounted globe,



i’ll knock you’ – ‘does your majesty mean – down?



no, no, you never could my feelings probe



410

to such a depth!’ the emperor took his robe,



and wept upon its purple palatine,



while hum continued, shamming half a sob,



‘in canterbury doth your lady shine?



but let me cool your brandy with a little wine.’



xlvii



whereat a narrow flemish glass he took,



that since belonged to admiral de witt,



admired it with a connoisseuring look,



and with the ripest claret crowned it,



and, ere one lively bead could burst and flit,



420

he turned it quickly, nimbly upside down,



his mouth being held conveniently fit



to save ‘the creature’. ‘best in all the town!’



he said, smacked his moist lips, and gave a pleasant frown.



xlviii



‘ah! good my prince, weep not!’ and then again



he filled a bumper. ‘great sire, do not weep!



your pulse is shocking, but i’ll ease your pain.’



fetch me that ottoman, and prithee keep



your voice low,’ said the emperor, ‘and steep



some lady’s-fingers nice in candy wine;



430

and prithee, hum, behind the screen do peep



for the rose-water vase, magician mine!



and sponge my forehead – so my love doth make me pine.



xlix



‘ah, cursed bellanaine!’ ‘don’t think of her,’



rejoined the mago, ‘but on bertha muse;



for, by my choicest best barometer,



you shall not throttled be in marriage noose.



i’ve said it, sire; you only have to choose



bertha or bellanaine.’ so saying, he drew



from the left pocket of his threadbare hose,



440

a sampler hoarded slyly, good as new,



holding it by his thumb and finger full in view.



l



sire, this is bertha pearl’s neat handy-work,



her name, see here, midsummer, ninety-one.’



elfinan snatched it with a sudden jerk,



and wept as if he never would have done,



honouring with royal tears the poor homespun,



whereon were broidered tigers with black eyes,



and long-tailed pheasants, and a rising sun,



plenty of posies, great stags, butterflies



450

bigger than stags, a moon – with other mysteries.



li



the monarch handled o’er and o’er again



these day-school hieroglyphics with a sigh;



somewhat in sadness, but pleased in the main,



till this oracular couplet met his eye



astounded: cupid i – do thee defy!



it was too much. he shrunk back in his chair,



grew pale as death, and fainted – very nigh!



‘pho! nonsense!’ exclaimed hum, ‘now don’t despair;



she does not mean it really. cheer up, hearty – there!



lii



460

‘and listen to my words. you say you won’t,



on any terms, marry miss bellanaine;



it goes against your conscience – good! well, don’t.



you say you love a mortal. i would fain



persuade your honour’s highness to refrain



from peccadilloes. but, sire, as i say,



what good would that do? and, to be more plain,



you would do me a mischief some odd day,



cut off my ears and hands, or head too, by my fay!



liii



‘besides, manners forbid that i should pass any



470

vile strictures on the conduct of a prince



who should indulge his genius, if he has any,



not, like a subject, foolish matters mince.



now i think on’t, perhaps i could convince



your majesty there is no crime at all



in loving pretty little bertha, since



she’s very delicate – not over tall –



a faery’s hand, and in the waist, why – very small.’



liv



‘ring the repeater, gentle hum!’ ‘’tis five,’



said gentle hum, ‘the nights draw in apace;



480

the little birds i hear are all alive;



i see the dawning touched upon your face;



shall i put out the candles, please your grace?’



‘do put them out, and, without more ado,



tell me how i may that sweet girl embrace –



how you can bring her to me.’ ‘that’s for you,



great emperor! to adventure, like a lover true.’



lv



‘i fetch her!’ – ‘yes, an’t like your majesty;



and as she would be frightened wide awake



to travel such a distance through the sky,



490

use of some soft manoeuvre you must make,



for your convenience, and her dear nerves’ sake.



nice way would be to bring her in a swoon,



anon, i’ll tell what course were best to take;



you must away this morning.’ ‘hum! so soon?’



‘sire, you must be in kent by twelve o’clock at noon.’



lvi



at this great caesar started on his feet,



lifted his wings, and stood attentive-wise.



‘those wings to canterbury you must beat,



if you hold bertha as a worthy prize.



500

look in the almanack – moore never lies –



april the twenty-fourth, this coming day,



now breathing its new bloom upon the skies,



will end in st mark’s eve – you must away,



for on that eve alone can you the maid convey.’



lvii



then the magician solemnly ’gan frown,



so that his frost-white eyebrows, beetling low,



shaded his deep-green eyes, and wrinkles brown



plaited upon his furnace-scorched brow:



forth from his hood that hung his neck below,



510

he lifted a bright casket of pure gold,



touched a spring-lock, and there in wool, or snow



charmed into ever-freezing, lay an old



and legend-leaved book, mysterious to behold.



lviii



‘take this same book, – it will not bite you, sire –



there, put it underneath your royal arm;



though it’s a pretty weight it will not tire,



but rather on your journey keep you warm.



this is the magic, this the potent charm,



that shall drive bertha to a fainting fit!



520

when the time comes, don’t feel the least alarm,



uplift her from the ground, and swiftly flit



back to your palace, where i wait for guerdon fit.’



lix



‘what shall i do with that same book?’ ‘why merely



lay it on bertha’s table, close beside



her work-box, and ’twill help your purpose dearly.



i say no more.’ ‘or good or ill betide,



through the wide air to kent this morn i glide!’



exclaimed the emperor. ‘when i return,



ask what you will – i’ll give you my new bride!



530

and take some more wine, hum – o heavens! i burn



to be upon the wing! now, now, that minx i spurn!’



lx



‘leave her to me,’ rejoined the magian,



‘but how shall i account, illustrious fay!



for thine imperial absence? pho! i can



say you are very sick, and bar the way



to your so loving courtiers for one day;



if either of their two archbishops’ graces



should talk of extreme unction, i shall say



you do not like cold pig with latin phrases,



540

which never should be used but in alarming cases.’



lxi



‘open the window, hum; i’m ready now!’



‘zooks!’ exclaimed hum, as up the sash he drew,



‘behold, your majesty, upon the brow



of yonder hill, what crowds of people!’ ‘whew!



the monster’s always after something new,’



returned his highness, ‘they are piping hot



to see my pigsney bellanaine. hum! do



tighten my belt a little – so, so – not



too tight. the book! – my wand! – so, nothing is forgot.’



lxii



550

‘wounds! how they shout!’ said hum, ‘and there, – see, see!



the ambassador’s returned from pigmio!



the morning’s very fine – uncommonly!



see, past the skirts of yon white cloud they go,



tinging it with soft crimsons! now below



the sable-pointed heads of firs and pines



they dip, move on, and with them moves a glow



along the forest side! now amber lines



reach the hill top, and now throughout the valley shines.’



lxiii



‘why, hum, you’re getting quite poetical!



560

those nows you managed in a special style.’



‘if ever you have leisure, sire, you shall



see scraps of mine will make it worth your while,



tit-bits for phoebus! – yes, you well may smile.



hark! hark! the bells!’ ‘a little further yet,



good hum, and let me view this mighty coil.’



then the great emperor full graceful set



his elbow for a prop, and snuffed his mignonette.



lxiv



the morn is full of holiday: loud bells



with rival clamours ring from every spire;



570

cunningly-stationed music dies and swells



in echoing places; when the winds respire,



light flags stream out like gauzy tongues of fire;



a metropolitan murmur, lifeful, warm,



comes from the northern suburbs; rich attire



freckles with red and gold the moving swarm;



while here and there clear trumpets blow a keen alarm.



lxv



and now the faery escort was seen clear,



like the old pageant of aurora’s train,



above a pearl-built minster, hovering near:



580

first wily crafticant, the chamberlain,



balanced upon his grey-grown pinions twain,



his slender wand officially revealed;



then black gnomes scattering sixpences like rain;



then pages three and three; and next, slave-held,



the imaian ’scutcheon bright – one mouse in argent field.



lxvi



gentlemen pensioners next; and after them,



a troop of winged janizaries flew;



then slaves, as presents bearing many a gem;



then twelve physicians fluttering two and two;



590

and next a chaplain in a cassock new;



then lords in waiting; then (what head not reels



for pleasure?) the fair princess in full view,



borne upon wings – and very pleased she feels



to have such splendour dance attendance at her heels.



lxvii



for there was more magnificence behind.



she waved her handkerchief. ‘ah, very grand!’



cried elfinan, and closed the window-blind.



‘and, hum, we must not shilly-shally stand –



adieu! adieu! i’m off for angle-land!



600

i say, old hocus, have you such a thing



about you – feel your pockets, i command –



i want, this instant, an invisible ring –



thank you, old mummy! now securely i take wing.’



lxviii



then elfinan swift vaulted from the floor,



and lighted graceful on the window-sill;



under one arm the magic book he bore,



the other he could wave about at will;



pale was his face, he still looked very ill.



he bowed at bellanaine, and said, ‘poor bell!



610

farewell! farewell! and if for ever! still



for ever fare thee well!’ – and then he fell



a-laughing! – snapped his fingers! – shame it is to tell!



lxix



‘by’r lady! he is gone!’ cries hum, ‘and i



(i own it) have made too free with his wine;



old crafticant will smoke me by the bye!



this room is full of jewels as a mine –



dear valuable creatures, how ye shine!



sometime today i must contrive a minute,



if mercury propitiously incline,



620

to examine his scrutoire, and see what’s in it,



for of superfluous diamonds i as well may thin it.



lxx



‘the emperor’s horrid bad – yes, that’s my cue!’



some histories say that this was hum’s last speech;



that, being fuddled, he went reeling through



the corridor, and scarce upright could reach



the stair-head; that being glutted as a leech,



and used, as we ourselves have just now said,



to manage stairs reversely, like a peach



too ripe, he fell, being puzzled in his head



630

with liquor and the staircase: verdict – found stone dead.



lxxi



this as a falsehood crafticanto treats;



and as his style is of strange elegance,



gentle and tender, full of soft conceits



(much like our boswell’s) we will take a glance



at his sweet prose, and, if we can, make dance



his woven periods into careless rhyme.



o, little faery pegasus! rear – prance –



trot round the quarto – ordinary time!



march, little pegasus, with pawing hoof sublime!



lxxii



640

well, let us see – tenth book and chapter nine –



thus crafticant pursues his diary:



‘’twas twelve o’clock at night, the weather fine,



latitude thirty-six; our scouts descry



a flight of starlings making rapidly



toward tibet. mem. – birds fly in the night;



from twelve to half-past – wings not fit to fly



for a thick fog – the princess sulky quite



called for an extra shawl, and gave her nurse a bite.



lxxiii



‘five minutes before one – brought down a moth



650

with my new double-barrel – stewed the thighs



and made a very tolerable broth –



princess turned dainty; to our great surprise,



altered her mind, and thought it very nice.



seeing her pleasant, tried her with a pun,



she frowned. a monstrous owl across us flies



about this time – a sad old figure of fun;



bad omen – this new match can’t be a happy one.



lxxiv



‘from two to half-past, dusky way we made,



above the plains of gobi – desert, bleak;



660

beheld afar off, in the hooded shade



of darkness, a great mountain (strange to speak)



spitting, from forth its sulphur-baken peak,



a fan-shaped burst of blood-red, arrowy fire,



turbaned with smoke, which still away did reek,



solid and black from that eternal pyre,



upon the laden winds that scantly could respire.



lxxv



‘just upon three o’clock a falling star



created an alarm among our troop,



killed a man-cook, a page, and broke a jar,



670

a tureen, and three dishes, at one swoop,



then passing by the princess, singed her hoop.



could not conceive what coralline was at –



she clapped her hands three times and cried out “whoop!”



some strange imaian custom. a large bat



came sudden ’fore my face, and brushed against my hat.



lxxvi



‘five minutes thirteen seconds after three,



far in the west a mighty fire broke out.



conjectured, on the instant, it might be



the city of balk – ’twas balk beyond all doubt.



680

a griffin, wheeling here and there about,



kept reconnoitring us – doubled our guard –



lighted our torches, and kept up a shout,



till he sheered off – the princess very scared –



and many on their marrowbones for death prepared.



lxxvii



‘at half-past three arose the cheerful moon –



bivouacked for four minutes on a cloud –



where from the earth we heard a lively tune



of tambourines and pipes, serene and loud,



while on a flowery lawn a brilliant crowd



690

cinque-parted danced, some half-asleep reposed



beneath the green-faned cedars, some did shroud



in silken tents, and ’mid light fragrance dozed,



or on the open turf their soothed eyelids closed.



lxxviii



‘dropped my gold watch, and killed a kettledrum –



it went for apoplexy – foolish folks! –



left it to pay the piper – a good sum



(i’ve got a conscience, maugre people’s jokes).



to scrape a little favour ’gan to coax



her highness’ pug-dog – got a sharp rebuff.



700

she wished a game at whist – made three revokes –



turned from myself, her partner, in a huff.



his majesty will know her temper time enough.



lxxix



‘she cried for chess – i played a game with her.



castled her king with such a vixen look,



it bodes ill to his majesty (refer



to the second chapter of my fortieth book,



and see what hoity-toity airs she took).



at half-past four the morn essayed to beam –



saluted, as we passed, an early rook –



710

the princess fell asleep, and, in her dream,



talked of one master hubert, deep in her esteem.



lxxx



‘about this time, making delightful way,



shed a quill-feather from my larboard wing –



wished, trusted, hoped ’twas no sign of decay –



thank heaven, i’m hearty yet! – ’twas no such thing.



at five the golden light began to spring,



with fiery shudder through the bloomed east.



at six we heard panthea’s churches ring –



the city all her unhived swarms had cast,



720

to watch our grand approach, and hail us as we passed.



lxxxi



‘as flowers turn their faces to the sun,



so on our flight with hungry eyes they gaze,



and, as we shaped our course, this, that way run,



with mad-cap pleasure, or hand-clasped amaze.



sweet in the air a mild-toned music plays,



and progresses through its own labyrinth.



buds gathered from the green spring’s middle-days,



they scattered – daisy, primrose, hyacinth –



or round white columns wreathed from capital to plinth.



lxxxii



730

‘onward we floated o’er the panting streets,



that seemed throughout with upheld faces paved.



look where we will, our bird’s-eye vision meets



legions of holiday; bright standards waved,



and fluttering ensigns emulously craved



our minute’s glance; a busy thunderous roar,



from square to square, among the buildings raved,



as when the sea, at flow, gluts up once more



the craggy hollowness of a wild reefed shore.



lxxxiii



‘and “bellanaine for ever!” shouted they,



740

while that fair princess, from her winged chair,



bowed low with high demeanour, and, to pay



their new-blown loyalty with guerdon fair,



still emptied, at meet distance, here and there,



a plenty horn of jewels. and here i



(who wish to give the devil her due) declare



against that ugly piece of calumny,



which calls them highland pebble-stones not worth a fly.



lxxxiv



‘still “bellanaine!” they shouted, while we glide



‘slant to a light ionic portico,



750

the city’s delicacy, and the pride



of our imperial basilic. a row



of lords and ladies, on each hand, make show



submissive of knee-bent obeisance,



all down the steps; and, as we entered, lo!



the strangest sight – the most unlooked-for chance –



all things turned topsy-turvy in a devil’s dance.



lxxxv



‘’stead of his anxious majesty and court



at the open doors, with wide saluting eyes,



congées and scapegraces of every sort,



760

and all the smooth routine of gallantries,



was seen, to our immoderate surprise,



a motley crowd thick gathered in the hall,



lords, scullions, deputy-scullions, with wild cries



stunning the vestibule from wall to wall,



where the chief justice on his knees and hands doth crawl.



lxxxvi



‘counts of the palace, and the state purveyor



of moth’s-down, to make soft the royal beds,



the common council and my fool lord mayor



marching a-row, each other slipshod treads;



770

powdered bag-wigs and ruffy-tuffy heads



of cinder wenches meet and soil each other;



toe crushed with heel ill-natured fighting breeds,



frill-rumpling elbows brew up many a bother,



and fists in the short ribs keep up the yell and pother.



lxxxvii



‘a poet, mounted on the court-clown’s back,



rode to the princess swift with spurring heels,



and close into her face, with rhyming clack,



began a prothalamion – she reels,



she falls, she faints! while laughter peals



780

over her woman’s weakness. “where!” cried i,



“where is his majesty?” no person feels



inclined to answer; wherefore instantly



i plunged into the crowd to find him or to die.



lxxxviii



‘jostling my way i gained the stairs, and ran



to the first landing, where, incredible!



i met, far gone in liquor, that old man,



that vile impostor hum – ’



so far so well,



for we have proved the mago never fell



down stairs on crafticanto’s evidence;



790

and therefore duly shall proceed to tell,



plain in our own original mood and tense,



the sequel of this day, though labour ’tis immense!



lxxxix



now hum, new fledged with high authority,



came forth to quell the hubbub in the hall….





to fanny


i



physician nature! let my spirit blood!



o ease my heart of verse and let me rest;



throw me upon thy tripod till the flood



of stifling numbers ebbs from my full breast.



a theme! a theme! great nature! give a theme;



let me begin my dream.



i come – i see thee, as thou standest there,



beckon me out into the wintry air.



ii



ah! dearest love, sweet home of all my fears,



10

and hopes, and joys, and panting miseries,



tonight, if i may guess, thy beauty wears



a smile of such delight,



as brilliant and as bright,



as when with ravished, aching, vassal eyes,



lost in a soft amaze,



i gaze, i gaze!



iii



who now, with greedy looks, eats up my feast?



what stare outfaces now my silver moon!



ah! keep that hand unravished at the least;



20

let, let, the amorous burn –



but, prithee, do not turn



the current of your heart from me so soon.



o save, in charity,



the quickest pulse for me!



iv



save it for me, sweet love! though music breathe



voluptuous visions into the warm air,



though swimming through the dance’s dangerous wreath,



be like an april day,



smiling and cold and gay,



30

a temperate lily, temperate as fair;



then, heaven! there will be



a warmer june for me.



v



why, this – you’ll say, my fanny! – is not true:



put your soft hand upon your snowy side,



where the heart beats; confess – ’tis nothing new –



must not a woman be



a feather on the sea,



swayed to and fro by every wind and tide?



of as uncertain speed



40

as blow-ball from the mead?



vi



i know it – and to know it is despair



to one who loves you as i love, sweet fanny!



whose heart goes fluttering for you everywhere,



nor, when away you roam,



dare keep its wretched home.



love, love alone, has pains severe and many:



then, loveliest! keep me free



from torturing jealousy.



vii



ah! if you prize my subdued soul above



50

the poor, the fading, brief, pride of an hour,



let none profane my holy see of love,



or with a rude hand break



the sacramental cake;



let none else touch the just new-budded flower;



if not – may my eyes close,



love! on their last repose.





‘in after-time, a sage of mickle lore’


in after-time, a sage of mickle lore



y-cleped typographus, the giant took,



and did refit his limbs as heretofore,



and made him read in many a learned book,



and into many a lively legend look;



thereby in goodly themes so training him,



that all his brutishness he quite forsook,



when, meeting artegall and talus grim,



the one he struck stone-blind, the other’s eyes wox dim.





three undated fragments


i



i am as brisk



as a bottle of whisk –



ey and as nimble



as a milliner’s thimble.



ii



o grant that like to peter i



may like to peter b,



and tell me, lovely jesus, y



this peter went to c.



o grant that like to peter i



may like to peter b,



and tell me, lovely jesus, y



old jonah went to c.



iii



they weren fully glad of their gude hap



and tasten all the pleasaunces of joy.





doubtful attributions



‘see, the ship in the bay is riding’


see, the ship in the bay is riding,



dearest ellen, i go from thee –



boldly go, in thy love confiding,



over the deep and trackless sea:



when thy dear form no longer is near me,



this soothing thought shall at midnight cheer me:



‘my love is breathing a prayer for me’.



when the thunder of war is roaring,



when the bullets around me fly,



10

when the rage of the tempest pouring,



blends the billowy sea and sky,



yet shall my heart, to fear a stranger,



cherish its fondest hopes for thee –



this dear reflection disarming danger,



‘my love is breathing a prayer for me’.





the poet


at morn, at noon, at eve, and middle night,



he passes forth into the charmed air,



with talisman to call up spirits rare



from plant, cave, rock, and fountain. to his sight



the husk of natural objects opens quite



to the core, and every secret essence there



reveals the elements of good and fair,



making him see, where learning hath no light.



sometimes above the gross and palpable things



10

of this diurnal sphere, his spirit flies



on awful wing; and with its destined skies



holds premature and mystic communings;



till such unearthly intercourses shed



a visible halo round his mortal head.





gripus


gripus and gold and silver are but filthy dross.



then seek not gold and silver which are dross,



but rather lay thy treasure up in heaven! –



slim hem!



gripus and thou has meat and drink and lodging too



and clothing too, what more can man require?



and thou art single –



but i must lay up money for my children,



my children’s children and my great-grandchildren;



for, slim! thy master will be shortly married –



slim married!



10

gripus yea! married. wherefore dost thou stare,



as though my words had spoke of aught impossible?



slim my lord, i stare not but my ears played false.



methought you had said married.



gripus married, fool!



is’t aught unlikely? i’m not very old,



and my intended has a noble fortune.



slim my lord ’tis likely.



gripus haste, then, to the butchers,



and ere thou go, tell bridget she is wanted –



[exit]



slim i go – gods! what a subject for an ode.



with hymen, cupids, venus, loves and graces!



20

gripus [solus] this matrimony is no light affair;



’tis downright venture and mere speculation.



less risk there is in what the merchant trusts



to winds and waves and the uncertain elements –



for he can have assurance for his goods



and put himself beyond the reach of losses –



but who can e’er ensure to me a wife



industrious and managing and frugal,



who will not spend far more than she has brought,



but be almost a saving to her husband? –



30

but none can tell – the broker cannot tell



he is not cheated in the wares he buys,



and to judge well of women or the seas



would oft surpass the wisest merchant’s prudence;



for both are deep alike – capricious too –



and the worst things that money can be sunk in.



but bridget comes –



bridget your pleasure, sir, with me?



gripus bridget, i wish to have a little converse



upon a matter that concerns us both



of like importance both to thee and me.



40

bridget of like importance and concerning both!



what can your honour have to say to me?



[aside] o lord! i would give all that i am worth



to know what ’tis –



gripus then prithee rein thy tongue



that ever battles with thine own impatience.



but to the point. thou knowst, for twenty years



together we have lived as man and wife,



but never hath the sanction of the church



stamped its legality upon our union.



bridget well, what of that?



gripus why, when in wiser years



50

men look upon the follies of their youth,



they oft repent, and wish to make amends,



and seek for happier in more virtuous days.



in such a case, and such is mine i own,



’tis marriage offers us the readiest way



to make atonement for our former deeds.



and thus have i determined in my heart



to make amends – in other words to marry.



bridget o lord! how overjoyed i am to hear it!



i vow that i have often thought myself,



60

what wickedness it was to live as we did!



but do you joke?



gripus not so upon my oath.



i am resolved to marry and beget



a little heir to leave my little wealth to.



i am not old, my hair is hardly grey,



my health is good – what hast thou to object?



bridget o dear! how close your honour puts the question!



i’ve said as much already as was fit



and incompatible with female modesty –



but would your honour please to name a day?



70

gripus to name a day! but hark! i hear a knock –



’tis perhaps young prodigal, i did expect him.



bridget but sir – a day?



gripus zounds! dost thou hear the bell?



wilt thou not run? he was to bring me money!



[exit bridget and returns]



bridget ’tis he, i’ve shown him to the little study.



gripus then stay thee here, and when i’ve settled him



i will return and hold more converse with thee.



[exit]



bridget [sola] my head runs round! o, what a happy change!



now i shall be another woman quite.



dame bridget, then, adieu! and don’t forget



80

your lady gripus now that is to be;



great lady gripus – o lord! –



the lady of the old and rich sir gripus!



o how will people whisper, as i pass,



‘there goes my lady’ – ‘what a handsome gownd,



all scarlet silk embroidered with gold!’



or green and gold will perhaps become me better –



how vastly fine, how handsome i shall be



in green and gold! besides, a lady too!



i’ll have a footman too, to walk behind me.



90

slim is too slender to set off a livery,



i must have one more lustier than him,



a proper man to walk behind his lady.



o how genteel! methinks i see myself



in green and gold and carrying my fan –



or perhaps i’d have a redicule about me!



the lusty footman all so spruce behind me



walking on tip-toes in a bran new livery;



and he shall have a favour in his hat



as sure as ever i am lady gripus!



[enter slim]



100

slim why how now, bridget, you’re turned actress sure!



bridget an actor, fellow, no! to something better,



to something grander and more ladylike,



know i am turned!



slim	a lunatic, ’tis plain.



but, lovee, leave this jesting for a while,



and hear thy servant, who thus pleads for favour.



bridget for favour sirrah! but i must be kind,



i will forget your insolence this once,



and condescend to keep you in my service.



but no! i want a much more lustier man,



110

you are too slender to become my livery



i must excard you, you must suit yourself!



slim why, how now, bridget –



bridget you forget me, sure!



ah! no,



i love you so



no language can impart!



alas! ’tis love that makes me thin,



i have a fiery flame within,



120

that burns and shrivels up my skin –



’tis cupid’s little dart,



and by this kiss i swear –



[attempts to kiss her]



slim forget thee, bridget? never from my heart



shall thy dear image part.



bridget ruffin, begone, or i will tell my lord.



do you not care for difference of rank,



nor make distinction between dirt and dignity?



slim why, bridget, once you did not treat me thus.



bridget no, times are altered, fortunes wheel is turned,



you still are slim, but, though i once was bridget,



i’m lady gripus now that is to be.



130

did not his honour tell you he should marry?



slim yea, to a lady of an ample fortune.



bridget why, that, you fool, he said in allegolly.



a virtuous woman, is she not a crown,



a crown of gold and glory to her husband?



slim heavens is it possible? i pray forgive me



that i could doubt a moment of that fortune



which is but due to your assembled merits.



bridget well, slim, i do not wish to harbour malice,



but while you show a proper due respect



140

you may be certain of my condescension.



but hark! i hear his lordship on the stairs,



and we must have some privacy together. [exit slim]



o lord, how overjoyed i am your honour –



gripus bridget, i thank thee for thy friendly zeal,



that seems to glory in thy master’s bliss;



and much it grieves me that i can’t requite it



except by mere reciprocal good-wishes.



for as a change in my domestic government



will make thy place in future but a sinecure,



150

it grieves me much that i must warn you thus



to seek and get a situation elsewhere.



[faints]



bridget o dear! o lord! o what a shock! o lord!



gripus ho! slim – the devil’s in the fool, to faint.



halloo! – what shall i do? halloo! halloo!



ho! slim, i say – run, sirrah, for the brandy!



slim the brandy, sir? there is none in the house!



[lets bridget fall and collars slim]



gripus no brandy! none! what, none at all, thou knave?



what, none at all? then rascal thou hast drunk it.



why bridget, bridget – what, no brandy, knave?



160

zounds! what a fit! where is my brandy, wretch!



thou toping villain, say, or i will slay thee!



slim o lord! forgive me, bridget had the wind,



and drank the brandy up to warm her stomach.



[bridget jumps up]



gripus a tipsy bacchanal! then let her lie!



i’ll not be drunken out of house and home.



zounds! brandy for the wind – a cure indeed!



a little water had done just as well.



this is the way, then, when i want a drop;



i always find my cellar is stark naked.



170

but both shall go, yes, i discard ye. thieves!



begone, ye thieves!



bridget no, not without my wages!



i’ll have a month’s full wages or my warning!



i’ll not be left at nonplush for a place.



gripus a month’s full warning! what, another month,



to sack, to ransack, and to strip the house,



and then depart in triumph with your booty!



begone, i say!



bridget no, not without my wages!



and i’ll have damages, you cruel man!



i will convict you of a breach of marriage!



180

gripus begone, i say! deceitful thing! begone –



who ever dared to promise such a match



but thy own fancy, and thy lying tongue?



what, marry one as poor as a church mouse,



and equally devoid of rank and beauty!



reason would sleep and prudence would be blind,



and gripus then would be no longer gripus,



but only fitting for more sober men



to lodge in bedlam and to call a lunatic.



sylvia plath

ariel


morning song





love set you going like a fat gold watch.

the midwife slapped your footsoles, and your bald cry

took its place among the elements.





our voices echo, magnifying your arrival. new statue

in a drafty museum, your nakedness

shadows our safety. we stand round blankly as walls.





i’m no more your mother

than the cloud that distils a mirror to reflect its own slow

effacement at the wind’s hand.





all night your moth-breath

flickers among the flat pink roses. i wake to listen:

a far sea moves in my ear.





one cry, and i stumble from bed, cow-heavy and floral

in my victorian nightgown.

your mouth opens clean as a cat’s. the window square





whitens and swallows its dull stars. and now you try

your handful of notes;

the clear vowels rise like balloons.





the couriers





the word of a snail on the plate of a leaf?

it is not mine. do not accept it.





acetic acid in a sealed tin?

do not accept it. it is not genuine.





a ring of gold with the sun in it?

lies. lies and a grief.





frost on a leaf, the immaculate

cauldron, talking and crackling





all to itself on the top of each

of nine black alps,





a disturbance in mirrors,

the sea shattering its grey one——





love, love, my season.





the rabbit catcher





it was a place of force——

the wind gagging my mouth with my own blown hair,

tearing off my voice, and the sea

blinding me with its lights, the lives of the dead

unreeling in it, spreading like oil.





i tasted the malignity of the gorse,

its black spikes,

the extreme unction of its yellow candle-flowers.

they had an efficiency, a great beauty,

and were extravagant, like torture.





there was only one place to get to.

simmering, perfumed,

the paths narrowed into the hollow.

and the snares almost effaced themselves——

zeroes, shutting on nothing,





set close, like birth pangs.

the absence of shrieks

made a hole in the hot day, a vacancy.

the glassy light was a clear wall,

the thickets quiet.





i felt a still busyness, an intent.

i felt hands round a tea mug, dull, blunt,

ringing the white china.

how they awaited him, those little deaths!

they waited like sweethearts. they excited him.





and we, too, had a relationship——

tight wires between us,

pegs too deep to uproot, and a mind like a ring

sliding shut on some quick thing,

the constriction killing me also.





thalidomide





o half moon——





half-brain, luminosity——

negro, masked like a white,





your dark

amputations crawl and appal——





spidery, unsafe.

what glove





what leatheriness

has protected





me from that shadow——

the indelible buds,





knuckles at shoulder-blades, the

faces that





shove into being, dragging

the lopped





blood-caul of absences.

all night i carpenter





a space for the thing i am given,

a love





of two wet eyes and a screech.

white spit





of indifference!

the dark fruits revolve and fall.





the glass cracks across,

the image





flees and aborts like dropped mercury





the applicant





first, are you our sort of person?

do you wear

a glass eye, false teeth or a crutch,

a brace or a hook,

rubber breasts or a rubber crotch,





stitches to show somethings missing? no, no? then

how can we give you a thing?

stop crying.

open your hand.

empty? empty. here is a hand





to fill it and willing

to bring teacups and roll away headaches

and do whatever you tell it.

will you marry it?

it is guaranteed





to thumb shut your eyes at the end

and dissolve of sorrow.

we make new stock from the salt.

i notice you are stark naked.

how about this suit





black and stiff, but not a bad fit.

will you marry it?

it is waterproof, shatterproof, proof

against fire and bombs through the roof.

believe me, theyll bury you in it.





now your head, excuse me, is empty.

i have the ticket for that.

come here, sweetie, out of the closet.

well, what do you think of that?

naked as paper to start





but in twenty-five years shell be silver,

in fifty, gold.

a living doll, everywhere you look.

it can sew, it can cook,

it can talk, talk, talk.





it works, there is nothing wrong with it.

you have a hole, its a poultice.

you have an eye, its an image.

my boy, its your last resort.

will you marry it, marry it, marry it.





barren woman





empty, i echo to the least footfall,

museum without statues, grand with pillars, porticoes, rotundas.

in my courtyard a fountain leaps and sinks back into itself,

nun-hearted and blind to the world. marble lilies

exhale their pallor like scent.





i imagine myself with a great public,

mother of a white nike and several bald-eyed apollos.

instead, the dead injure me with attentions, and nothing can happen.

the moon lays a hand on my forehead,

blank-faced and mum as a nurse.





lady lazarus





i have done it again.

one year in every ten

i manage it——





a sort of walking miracle, my skin

bright as a nazi lampshade,

my right foot





a paperweight,

my face a featureless, fine

jew linen.





peel off the napkin

o my enemy.

do i terrify?——





the nose, the eye pits, the full set of teeth?

the sour breath

will vanish in a day.





soon, soon the flesh

the grave cave ate will be

at home on me





and i a smiling woman.

i am only thirty.

and like the cat i have nine times to die.





this is number three.

what a trash

to annihilate each decade.





what a million filaments.

the peanut-crunching crowd

shoves in to see





them unwrap me hand and foot——

the big strip tease.

gentlemen, ladies





these are my hands

my knees.

i may be skin and bone,





nevertheless, i am the same, identical woman.

the first time it happened i was ten.

it was an accident.





the second time i meant

to last it out and not come back at all.

i rocked shut





as a seashell.

they had to call and call

and pick the worms off me like sticky pearls.





dying

is an art, like everything else.

i do it exceptionally well.





i do it so it feels like hell.

i do it so it feels real.

i guess you could say i’ve a call.





it’s easy enough to do it in a cell.

it’s easy enough to do it and stay put.

it’s the theatrical





comeback in broad day

to the same place, the same face, the same brute

amused shout:





‘a miracle!’

that knocks me out.

there is a charge





for the eyeing of my scars, there is a charge

for the hearing of my heart——

it really goes.





and there is a charge, a very large charge

for a word or a touch

or a bit of blood





or a piece of my hair or my clothes.

so, so, herr doktor.

so, herr enemy.





i am your opus,

i am your valuable,

the pure gold baby





that melts to a shriek.

i turn and burn.

do not think i underestimate your great concern.





ash, ash——

you poke and stir.

flesh, bone, there is nothing there——





a cake of soap,

a wedding ring,

a gold filling.





herr god, herr lucifer

beware

beware.





out of the ash

i rise with my red hair

and i eat men like air.





tulips





the tulips are too excitable, it is winter here.

look how white everything is, how quiet, how snowed-in.

i am learning peacefulness, lying by myself quietly

as the light lies on these white walls, this bed, these hands.

i am nobody; i have nothing to do with explosions.

i have given my name and my day-clothes up to the nurses

and my history to the anesthetist and my body to surgeons.





they have propped my head between the pillow and the sheet-cuff

like an eye between two white lids that will not shut.

stupid pupil, it has to take everything in.

the nurses pass and pass, they are no trouble,

they pass the way gulls pass inland in their white caps,

doing things with their hands, one just the same as another,

so it is impossible to tell how many there are.





my body is a pebble to them, they tend it as water

tends to the pebbles it must run over, smoothing them gently.

they bring me numbness in their bright needles, they bring me sleep.

now i have lost myself i am sick of baggage——

my patent leather overnight case like a black pillbox,

my husband and child smiling out of the family photo;

their smiles catch onto my skin, little smiling hooks.





i have let things slip, a thirty-year-old cargo boat

stubbornly hanging on to my name and address.

they have swabbed me clear of my loving associations.

scared and bare on the green plastic-pillowed trolley

i watched my teaset, my bureaus of linen, my books

sink out of sight, and the water went over my head.

i am a nun now, i have never been so pure.





i didn’t want any flowers, i only wanted

to lie with my hands turned up and be utterly empty.

how free it is, you have no idea how free——

the peacefulness is so big it dazes you,

and it asks nothing, a name tag, a few trinkets.

it is what the dead close on, finally; i imagine them

shutting their mouths on it, like a communion tablet.





the tulips are too red in the first place, they hurt me.

even through the gift paper i could hear them breathe

lightly, through their white swaddlings, like an awful baby.

their redness talks to my wound, it corresponds.

they are subtle: they seem to float, though they weigh me down,

upsetting me with their sudden tongues and their color,

a dozen red lead sinkers round my neck.





nobody watched me before, now i am watched.

the tulips turn to me, and the window behind me

where once a day the light slowly widens and slowly thins,

and i see myself, flat, ridiculous, a cut-paper shadow

between the eye of the sun and the eyes of the tulips,

and i have no face, i have wanted to efface myself.

the vivid tulips eat my oxygen.





before they came the air was calm enough,

coming and going, breath by breath, without any fuss.

then the tulips filled it up like a loud noise.

now the air snags and eddies round them the way a river

snags and eddies round a sunken rust-red engine.

they concentrate my attention, that was happy

playing and resting without committing itself.





the walls, also, seem to be warming themselves.

the tulips should be behind bars like dangerous animals;

they are opening like the mouth of some great african cat,

and i am aware of my heart: it opens and closes

its bowl of red blooms out of sheer love of me.

the water i taste is warm and salt, like the sea,

and comes from a country far away as health.





a secret





a secret! a secret!

how superior.

you are blue and huge, a traffic policeman,

holding up one palm——





a difference between us?

i have one eye, you have two.

the secret is stamped on you,

faint, undulant watermark.





will it show in the black detector?

will it come out

wavery, indelible, true

through the african giraffe in its edeny greenery,





the moroccan hippopotamus?

they stare from a square, stiff frill.

they are for export,

one a fool, the other a fool.





a secret! an extra amber

brandy finger

roosting and cooing ‘you, you’

behind two eyes in which nothing is reflected but monkeys.





a knife that can be taken out

to pare nails,

to lever the dirt.

‘it won’t hurt.’





an illegitimate baby——

that big blue head!

how it breathes in the bureau drawer.

‘is that lingerie, pet?





‘it smells of salt cod, you had better

stab a few cloves in an apple,

make a sachet or

do away with the bastard.





do away with it altogether.’

‘no, no, it is happy there.’

‘but it wants to get out!

look, look! it is wanting to crawl.’





my god, there goes the stopper!

the cars in the place de la concorde——

watch out!

a stampede, a stampede——





horns twirling, and jungle gutterals.

an exploded bottle of stout,

slack foam in the lap.

you stumble out,





dwarf baby,

the knife in your back.

‘i feel weak.’

the secret is out.





the jailor





my night sweats grease his breakfast plate.

the same placard of blue fog is wheeled into position

with the same trees and headstones.

is that all he can come up with,

the rattler of keys?





i have been drugged and raped.

seven hours knocked out of my right mind

into a black sack

where i relax, foetus or cat,

lever of his wet dreams.





something is gone.

my sleeping capsule, my red and blue zeppelin

drops me from a terrible altitude.

carapace smashed,

i spread to the beaks of birds.





o little gimlets——

what holes this papery day is already full of!

he has been burning me with cigarettes,

pretending i am a negress with pink paws.

i am myself. that is not enough.





the fever trickles and stiffens in my hair.

my ribs show. what have i eaten?

lies and smiles.

surely the sky is not that color,

surely the grass should be rippling.





all day, gluing my church of burnt matchsticks,

i dream of someone else entirely.

and he, for this subversion

hurts me, he

with his armory of fakery,





his high, cold masks of amnesia.

how did i get here?

indeterminate criminal,

i die with variety——

hung, starved, burned, hooked.





i imagine him

impotent as distant thunder,

in whose shadow i have eaten my ghost ration.

i wish him dead or away.

that, it seems, is the impossibility.





that being free. what would the dark

do without fevers to eat?

what would the light

do without eyes to knife, what would he

do, do, do without me.





cut




for susan oneill roe





what a thrill

my thumb instead of an onion.

the top quite gone

except for a sort of a hinge





of skin,

a flap like a hat,

dead white.

then that red plush.





little pilgrim,

the indians axed your scalp.

your turkey wattle

carpet rolls





straight from the heart.

i step on it,

clutching my bottle

of pink fizz.





a celebration, this is.

out of a gap

a million soldiers run,

redcoats, every one.





whose side are they on?

o my

homunculus, i am ill.

i have taken a pill to kill





the thin

papery feeling.

saboteur,

kamikaze man





the stain on your

gauze ku klux klan

babushka

darkens and tarnishes and when





the balled

pulp of your heart

confronts its small

mill of silence





how you jump

trepanned veteran,

dirty girl,

thumb stump.





elm




(for ruth fainlight)





i know the bottom, she says. i know it with my great tap root:

it is what you fear.

i do not fear it: i have been there.





is it the sea you hear in me,

its dissatisfactions?

or the voice of nothing, that was your madness?





love is a shadow.

how you lie and cry after it

listen: these are its hooves: it has gone off, like a horse.





all night i shall gallop thus, impetuously,

till your head is a stone, your pillow a little turf,

echoing, echoing.





or shall i bring you the sound of poisons?

this is rain now, this big hush.

and this is the fruit of it: tin-white, like arsenic.





i have suffered the atrocity of sunsets.

scorched to the root

my red filaments burn and stand, a hand of wires.





now i break up in pieces that fly about like clubs.

a wind of such violence

will tolerate no bystanding: i must shriek.





the moon, also, is merciless: she would drag me

cruelly, being barren.

her radiance scathes me. or perhaps i have caught her.





i let her go. i let her go

diminished and flat, as after radical surgery.

how your bad dreams possess and endow me.





i am inhabited by a cry.

nightly it flaps out

looking, with its hooks, for something to love.





i am terrified by this dark thing

that sleeps in me;

all day i feel its soft, feathery turnings, its malignity.





clouds pass and disperse.

are those the faces of love, those pale irretrievables?

is it for such i agitate my heart?





i am incapable of more knowledge.

what is this, this face

so murderous in its strangle of branches?——





its snaky acids hiss.

it petrifies the will. these are the isolate, slow faults

that kill, that kill, that kill.





the night dances





a smile fell in the grass.

irretrievable!





and how will your night dances

lose themselves. in mathematics?





such pure leaps and spirals——

surely they travel





the world forever, i shall not entirely

sit emptied of beauties, the gift





of your small breath, the drenched grass

smell of your sleeps, lilies, lilies.





their flesh bears no relation.

cold folds of ego, the calla,





and the tiger, embellishing itself——

spots, and a spread of hot petals.





the comets

have such a space to cross,





such coldness, forgetfulness.

so your gestures flake off——





warm and human, then their pink light

bleeding and peeling





through the black amnesias of heaven.

why am i given





these lamps, these planets

falling like blessings, like flakes





six-sided, white

on my eyes, my lips, my hair





touching and melting.

nowhere.





the detective





what was she doing when it blew in

over the seven hills, the red furrow, the blue mountain?

was she arranging cups? it is important.

was she at the window, listening?

in that valley the train shrieks echo like souls on hooks.





that is the valley of death, though the cows thrive.

in her garden the lies were shaking out their moist silks

and the eyes of the killer moving sluglike and sidelong,

unable to face the fingers, those egotists.

the fingers were tamping a woman into a wall,





a body into a pipe, and the smoke rising.

this is the smell of years burning, here in the kitchen,

these are the deceits, tacked up like family photographs,

and this is a man, look at his smile,

the death weapon? no-one is dead.





there is no body in the house at all.

there is the smell of polish, there are plush carpets.

there is the sunlight, playing its blades,

bored hoodlum in a red room

where the wireless talks to itself like an elderly relative.





did it come like an arrow, did it come like a knife?

which of the poisons is it?

which of the nerve-curlers, the convulsors? did it electrify?

this is a case without a body.

the body does not come into it at all.





it is a case of vaporization.

the mouth first, its absence reported

in the second year. it had been insatiable

and in punishment was hung out like brown fruit

to wrinkle and dry.





the breasts next.

these were harder, two white stones.

the milk came yellow, then blue and sweet as water.

there was no absence of lips, there were two children,

but their bones showed, and the moon smiled.





then the dry wood, the gates,

the brown motherly furrows, the whole estate.

we walk on air, watson.

there is only the moon, embalmed in phosphorus.

there is only a crow in a tree. make notes.





ariel





stasis in darkness.

then the substanceless blue

pour of tor and distances.





gods lioness,

how one we grow,

pivot of heels and knees!the furrow





splits and passes, sister to

the brown arc

of the neck i cannot catch,





nigger-eye

berries cast dark

hooks





black sweet blood mouthfuls,

shadows.

something else





hauls me through air

thighs, hair;

flakes from my heels.





white

godiva, i unpeel

dead hands, dead stringencies.





and now i

foam to wheat, a glitter of seas.

the childs cry





melts in the wall.

and i

am the arrow,





the dew that flies

suicidal, at one with the drive

into the red





eye, the cauldron of morning.





death and co.





two. of course there are two.

it seems perfectly natural now

the one who never looks up, whose eyes are lidded

and balled, like blakes,

who exhibits





the birthmarks that are his trademark

the scald scar of water,

the nude

verdigris of the condor.

i am red meat. his beak





claps sidewise: i am not his yet.

he tells me how badly i photograph.

he tells me how sweet

the babies look in their hospital

icebox, a simple





frill at the neck,

then the flutings of their ionian

death-gowns,

then two little feet.

he does not smile or smoke.





the other does that,

his hair long and plausive.

bastard

masturbating a glitter,

he wants to be loved.





i do not stir.

the frost makes a flower,

the dew makes a star.

the dead bell,

the dead bell.





somebodys done for.





magi





the abstracts hover like dull angels:

nothing so vulgar as a nose or an eye

bossing the ethereal blanks of their face-ovals.





their whiteness bears no relation to laundry,

snow, chalk or suchlike. theyre

the real thing, all right: the good, the true





salutary and pure as boiled water,

loveless as the multiplication table.

while the child smiles into thin air.





six months in the world, and she is able

to rock on all fours like a padded hammock.

for her, the heavy notion of evil





attending her cot is less than a belly ache,

and love the mother of milk, no theory.

they mistake their star, these papery godfolk.





they want the crib of some lamp-headed plato.

let them astound his heart with their merit.

what girl ever flourished in such company?





lesbos





viciousness in the kitchen!

the potatoes hiss.

it is all hollywood, windowless,

the fluorescent light wincing on and off like a terrible migraine,

coy paper strips for doors

stage curtains, a widows frizz.

and i, love, am a pathological liar,

and my childlook at her, face down on the floor,

little unstrung puppet, kicking to disappear

why she is a schizophrenic,

her face red and white, a panic.

you have stuck her kittens outside your window

in a sort of cement well

where they crap and puke and cry and she cant hear.

you say you cant stand her,

the bastards a girl.

you who have blown your tubes like a bad radio

clear of voices and history, the staticky

noise of the new.

you say i should drown the kittens. their smell!

you say i should drown my girl.

shell cut her throat at ten if shes mad at two.

the baby smiles, fat snail,

from the polished lozenges of orange linoleum.

you could eat him. hes a boy.

you say your husband is just no good to you,

his jew-mama guards his sweet sex like a pearl.

you have one baby, i have two.

i should sit on a rock off cornwall and comb my hair.

i should wear tiger pants, i should have an affair.

we should meet in another life, we should meet in air,

me and you.

meanwhile theres a stink of fat and baby crap.

im doped and thick from my last sleeping pill.

the smog of cooking, the smog of hell

floats our heads, two venomous opposites,

our bones, our hair.

i call you orphan, orphan. you are ill.

the sun gives you ulcers, the wind gives you t.b.

once you were beautiful.

in new york, hollywood, the men said: through?

gee baby, you are rare.

you acted, acted, acted for the thrill.

the impotent husband slumps out for a coffee.

i try to keep him in,

an old pole for the lightning,

the acid baths, the skyfuls off of you.

he lumps it down the plastic cobbled hill,

flogged trolley. the sparks are blue.

the blue sparks spill,

splitting like quartz into a million bits.





o jewel. o valuable.

that night the moon

dragged its blood bag, sick

animal

up over the harbor lights.

and then grew normal,

hard and apart and white.

the scale-sheen on the sand scared me to death.

we kept picking up handfuls, loving it,

working it like dough, a mulatto body,

the silk grits.

a dog picked up your doggy husband. they went on.





now i am silent, hate

up to my neck,



thick, thick.

i do not speak.

i am packing the hard potatoes like good clothes,

i am packing the babies,

i am packing the sick cats.

o vase of acid,

it is love you are full of. you know who you hate.

he is hugging his ball and chain down by the gate

that opens to the sea

where it drives in, white and black,

then spews it back.

every day you fill him with soul-stuff, like a pitcher.

you are so exhausted.

your voice my ear-ring,

flapping and sucking, blood-loving bat.

that is that. that is that.

you peer from the door,

sad hag. every womans a whore.

i cant communicate.





i see your cute dcor

close on you like the fist of a baby

or an anemone, that sea

sweetheart, that kleptomaniac.

i am still raw.

i say i may be back.

you know what lies are for.





even in your zen heaven we shant meet.





the other





you come in late, wiping your lips.

what did i leave untouched on the doorstep





white nike,

streaming between my walls?





smilingly, blue lightning

assumes, like a meathook, the burden of his parts.





the police love you, you confess everything.

bright hair, shoe-black, old plastic,





is my life so intriguing?

is it for this you widen your eye-rings?





is it for this the air motes depart?

they are not air motes, they are corpuscles.





open your handbag. what is that bad smell?

it is your knitting, busily





hooking itself to itself,

it is your sticky candies.





i have your head on my wall.

navel cords, blue-red and lucent,





shriek from my belly like arrows, and these i ride.

o moon-glow, o sick one,





the stolen horses, the fornications

circle a womb of marble.





where are you going

that you suck breath like mileage?





sulfurous adulteries grieve in a dream.

cold glass, how you insert yourself





between myself and myself.

i scratch like a cat.





the blood that runs is dark fruit

an effect, a cosmetic.





you smile.

no, it is not fatal.





stopped dead





a squeal of brakes.

or is it a birth cry?

and here we are, hung out over the dead drop

uncle, pants factory fatso, millionaire.

and you out cold beside me in your chair.





the wheels, two rubber grubs, bite their sweet tails.

is that spain down there?

red and yellow, two passionate hot metals

writhing and sighing, what sort of a scenery is it?

it isn’t england, it isn’t france, it isn’t ireland.





it’s violent. we’re here on a visit,

with a goddam baby screaming off somewhere.

there’s always a bloody baby in the air.

i’d call it a sunset, but

whoever heard a sunset yowl like that?





you are sunk in your seven chins, still as a ham.

who do you think i am,

uncle, uncle?

sad hamlet, with a knife?

where do you stash your life?





is it a penny, a pearl——

your soul, your soul?

i’ll carry it off like a rich pretty girl,

simply open the door and step out of the car

and live in gibraltar on air, on air.





poppies in october




for helder and suzette macedo





even the sun-clouds this morning cannot manage such skirts.

nor the woman in the ambulance

whose red heart blooms through her coat so astoundingly





a gift, a love gift

utterly unasked for

by a sky





palely and flamily

igniting its carbon monoxides, by eyes

dulled to a halt under bowlers.





o my god, what am i

that these late mouths should cry open

in a forest of frost, in a dawn of cornflowers!





the courage of shutting-up





the courage of the shut mouth, in spite of artillery!

the line pink and quiet, a worm, basking.

there are black discs behind it, the discs of outrage,

and the outrage of a sky, the lined brain of it.

the discs revolve, they ask to be heard,





loaded, as they are, with accounts of bastardies.

bastardies, usages, desertions and doubleness,

the needle journeying in its groove,

silver beast between two dark canyons,

a great surgeon, now a tattooist,





tattooing over and over the same blue grievances,

the snakes, the babies, the tits

on mermaids and two-legged dreamgirls.

the surgeon is quiet, he does not speak.

he has seen too much death, his hands are full of it.





so the discs of the brain revolve, like the muzzles of cannon.

then there is that antique billhook, the tongue,

indefatigable, purple. must it be cut out?

it has nine tails, it is dangerous.

and the noise it flays from the air, once it gets going.





no, the tongue, too, has been put by

hung up in the library with the engravings of rangoon

and the fox heads, the otter heads, the heads of dead rabbits.

it is a marvellous object

the things it has pierced in its time!





but how about the eyes, the eyes, the eyes?

mirrors can kill and talk, they are terrible rooms

in which a torture goes on one can only watch.

the face that lived in this mirror is the face of a dead man.

do not worry about the eyes





they may be white and shy, they are no stool pigeons,

their death rays folded like flags

of a country no longer heard of,

an obstinate independency

insolvent among the mountains.





nick and the candlestick





i am a miner. the light burns blue.

waxy stalacmites

drip and thicken, tears





the earthen womb

exudes from its dead boredom.

black bat airs





wrap me, raggy shawls,

cold homicides.

they weld to me like plums.





old cave of calcium

icicles, old echoer.

even the newts are white,





those holy joes.

and the fish, the fish

christ! they are panes of ice,





a vice of knives,

a piranha

religion, drinking





its first communion out of my live toes.

the candle

gulps and recovers its small altitude,





its yellows hearten.

o love, how did you get here?

o embryo





remembering, even in sleep,

your crossed position.

the blood blooms clean





in you, ruby.

the pain

you wake to is not yours.





love, love,

i have hung our cave with roses,

with soft rugs





the last of victoriana.

let the stars

plummet to their dark address,





let the mercuric

atoms that cripple drip

into the terrible well,





you are the one

solid the spaces lean on, envious.

you are the baby in the barn.





berck-plage





(1)




this is the sea, then, this great abeyance.

how the sun’s poultice draws on my inflammation!





electrifyingly-colored sherbets, scooped from the freeze

by pale girls, travel the air in scorched hands.





why is it so quiet, what are they hiding?

i have two legs, and i move smilingly.





a sandy damper kills the vibrations;

it stretches for miles, the shrunk voices





waving and crutchless, half their old size.

the lines of the eye, scalded by these bald surfaces,





boomerang like anchored elastics, hurting the owner.

is it any wonder he puts on dark glasses?





is it any wonder he affects a black cassock?

here he comes now, among the mackerel gatherers





who wall up their backs against him.

they are handling the black and green lozenges like the parts

of a body.





the sea, that crystallized these,

creeps away, many-snaked, with a long hiss of distress.





(2)




this black boot has no mercy for anybody.

why should it, it is the hearse of a dead foot,





the high, dead, toeless foot of this priest

who plumbs the well of his book,





the bent print bulging before him like scenery.

obscene bikinis hide in the dunes,





breasts and hips a confectioner’s sugar

of little crystals, titillating the light,





while a green pool opens its eye,

sick with what it has swallowed——





limbs, images, shrieks. behind the concrete bunkers

two lovers unstick themselves.





o white sea-crockery,

what cupped sighs, what salt in the throat!





and the onlooker, trembling,

drawn like a long material





through a still virulence,

and a weed, hairy as privates.





(3)




on the balconies of the hotel, things are glittering.

things, things——





tubular steel wheelchairs, aluminum crutches.

such salt-sweetness. why should i walk





beyond the breakwater, spotty with barnacles?

i am not a nurse, white and attendant,





i am not a smile.

these children are after something, with hooks and cries,





and my heart too small to bandage their terrible faults.

this is the side of a man: his red ribs,





the nerves bursting like trees, and this is the surgeon:

one mirrory eye——





a facet of knowledge.

on a striped mattress in one room





an old man is vanishing.

there is no help in his weeping wife.





where are the eye-stones, yellow and valuable,

and the tongue, sapphire of ash.





(4)




a wedding-cake face in a paper frill.

how superior he is now.





it is like possessing a saint.

the nurses in their wing-caps are no longer so beautiful;





they are browning, like touched gardenias.

the bed is rolled from the wall.





this is what it is to be complete. it is horrible.

is he wearing pajamas or an evening suit





under the glued sheet from which his powdery beak

rises so whitely, unbuffeted?





they propped his jaw with a book until it stiffened

and folded his hands, that were shaking: goodbye, goodbye.





now the washed sheets fly in the sun,

the pillow cases are sweetening.





it is a blessing, it is a blessing:

the long coffin of soap-colored oak,





the curious bearers and the raw date

engraving itself in silver with marvelous calm.





(5)




the grey sky lowers, the hills like a green sea

run fold upon fold far off, concealing their hollows,





the hollows in which rock the thoughts of the wife——

blunt, practical boats





full of dresses and hats and china and married daughters.

in the parlor of the stone house





one curtain is flickering from the open window,

flickering and pouring, a pitiful candle.





this is the tongue of the dead man: remember, remember.

how far he is now, his actions





around him like livingroom furniture, like a décor.

as the pallors gather——





the pallors of hands and neighborly faces,

the elate pallors of flying iris.





they are flying off into nothing: remember us.

the empty benches of memory look over stones,





marble façades with blue veins, and jelly-glassfuls of daffodils.

it is so beautiful up here: it is a stopping place.





(6)




the unnatural fatness of these lime leaves!——

pollarded green balls, the trees march to church.





the voice of the priest, in thin air,

meets the corpse at the gate,





addressing it, while the hills roll the notes of the dead bell;

a glitter of wheat and crude earth.





what is the name of that color?——

old blood of caked walls the sun heals,





old blood of limb stumps, burnt hearts.

the widow with her black pocketbook and three daughters,





necessary among the flowers,

enfolds her face like fine linen,





not to be spread again.

while a sky, wormy with put-by smiles,





passes cloud after cloud.

and the bride flowers expend a freshness,





and the soul is a bride

in a still place, and the groom is red and forgetful, he is featureless.





(7)




behind the glass of this car

the world purrs, shut-off and gentle.





and i am dark-suited and still, a member of the party,

gliding up in low gear behind the cart.





and the priest is a vessel,

a tarred fabric, sorry and dull,





following the coffin on its flowery cart like a beautiful woman,

a crest of breasts, eyelids and lips





storming the hilltop.

then, from the barred yard, the children





smell the melt of shoe-blacking,

their faces turning, wordless and slow,





their eyes opening

on a wonderful thing——





six round black hats in the grass and a lozenge of wood,

and a naked mouth, red and awkward.





for a minute the sky pours into the hole like plasma.

there is no hope, it is given up.





gulliver





over your body the clouds go

high, high and icily

and a little flat, as if they





floated on a glass that was invisible.

unlike swans,

having no reflections;





unlike you,

with no strings attached.

all cool, all blue. unlike you





you, there on your back,

eyes to the sky.

the spider-men have caught you,





winding and twining their petty fetters,

their bribes

so many silks.





how they hate you.

they converse in the valley of your fingers, they are inchworms.

they would have you sleep in their cabinets,





this toe and that toe, a relic.

step off!

step off seven leagues, like those distances





that revolve in crivelli, untouchable.

let this eye be an eagle,

the shadow of his lip, an abyss.





getting there





how far is it?

how far is it now?

the gigantic gorilla interior

of the wheels move, they appal me

the terrible brains

of krupp, black muzzles

revolving, the sound

punching out absence! like cannon.

it is russia i have to get across, it is some war or other.

i am dragging my body

quietly through the straw of the boxcars.

now is the time for bribery.

what do wheels eat, these wheels

fixed to their arcs like gods,

the silver leash of the will

inexorable. and their pride!

all the gods know is destinations.

i am a letter in this slot

i fly to a name, two eyes.

will there be fire, will there be bread?

here there is such mud.

it is a trainstop, the nurses

undergoing the faucet water, its veils, veils in a nunnery,

touching their wounded,

the men the blood still pumps forward,

legs, arms piled outside

the tent of unending cries

a hospital of dolls.

and the men, what is left of the men

pumped ahead by these pistons, this blood

into the next mile,



the next hour

dynasty of broken arrows!





how far is it?

there is mud on my feet,

thick, red and slipping. it is adams side,

this earth i rise from, and i in agony.

i cannot undo myself, and the train is steaming.

steaming and breathing, its teeth

ready to roll, like a devils.

there is a minute at the end of it

a minute, a dewdrop.

how far is it?

it is so small

the place i am getting to, why are there these obstacles

the body of this woman,

charred skirts and deathmask

mourned by religious figures, by garlanded children.

and now detonations

thunder and guns.

the fires between us.

is there no still place

turning and turning in the middle air,

untouched and untouchable.

the train is dragging itself, it is screaming

an animal

insane for the destination,

the bloodspot,

the face at the end of the flare.

i shall bury the wounded like pupas,

i shall count and bury the dead.

let their souls writhe in a dew,

incense in my track.

the carriages rock, they are cradles.



and i, stepping from this skin

of old bandages, boredoms, old faces





step to you from the black car of lethe,

pure as a baby.





medusa





off that landspit of stony mouth-plugs,

eyes rolled by white sticks,

ears cupping the seas incoherences,

you house your unnerving headgod-ball,

lens of mercies,





your stooges

plying their wild cells in my keels shadow,

pushing by like hearts,

red stigmata at the very center,

riding the rip tide to the nearest point of departure,





dragging their jesus hair.

did i escape, i wonder?

my mind winds to you,

old barnacled umbilicus, atlantic cable,

keeping itself, it seems, in a state of miraculous repair.





in any case, you are always there,

tremulous breath at the end of my line,

curve of water upleaping

to my water rod, dazzling and grateful,

touching and sucking.





i didnt call you.

i didnt call you at all.

nevertheless, nevertheless

you steamed to me over the sea,

fat and red, a placenta





paralyzing the kicking lovers.

cobra light

squeezing the breath from the blood bells

of the fuchsia. i could draw no breath,

dead and moneyless,





overexposed, like an x ray.

who do you think you are?

a communion wafer? blubbery mary?

i shall take no bite of your body,

bottle in which i live,





ghastly vatican.

i am sick to death of hot salt.

green as eunuchs, your wishes

hiss at my sins.

off, off, eely tentacle!





there is nothing between us.





purdah





jade

stone of the side,

the agonized





side of green adam, i

smile, cross-legged,

enigmatical,





shifting my clarities.

so valuable.

how the sun polishes this shoulder!





and should

the moon, my

indefatigable cousin





rise, with her cancerous pallors,

dragging trees

little bushy polyps,





little nets,

my visibilities hide.

i gleam like a mirror.





at this facet the bridegroom arrives,

lord of the mirrors.

it is himself he guides





in among these silk

screens, these rustling appurtenances.

i breathe, and the mouth





veil stirs its curtain.

my eye

veil is





a concatenation of rainbows.

i am his.

even in his





absence, i

revolve in my

sheath of impossibles,





priceless and quiet

among these parakeets, macaws.

o chatterers





attendants of the eyelash!

i shall unloose

one feather, like the peacock.





attendants of the lip!

i shall unloose

one note





shattering

the chandelier

of air that all day plies





its crystals,

a million ignorants.

attendants!





attendants!

and at his next step

i shall unloose





i shall unloose

from the small jeweled

doll he guards like a heart





the lioness,

the shriek in the bath,

the cloak of holes.





the moon and the yew tree





this is the light of the mind, cold and planetary.

the trees of the mind are black. the light is blue.

the grasses unload their griefs on my feet as if i were god,

prickling my ankles and murmuring of their humility.

fumey, spiritous mists inhabit this place

separated from my house by a row of headstones.

i simply cannot see where there is to get to.





the moon is no door. it is a face in its own right,

white as a knuckle and terribly upset.

it drags the sea after it like a dark crime; it is quiet

with the o-gape of complete despair. i live here.

twice on sunday, the bells startle the sky

eight great tongues affirming the resurrection.

at the end, they soberly bong out their names.





the yew tree points up. it has a gothic shape.

the eyes lift after it and find the moon.

the moon is my mother. she is not sweet like mary.

her blue garments unloose small bats and owls.

how i would like to believe in tenderness

the face of the effigy, gentled by candles,

bending, on me in particular, its mild eyes.





i have fallen a long way. clouds are flowering

blue and mystical over the face of the stars.

inside the church, the saints will be all blue,

floating on their delicate feet over the cold pews,

their hands and faces stiff with holiness.

the moon sees nothing of this. she is bald and wild.

and the message of the yew tree is blacknessblackness and silence.





a birthday present





what is this, behind this veil, is it ugly, is it beautiful?

it is shimmering, has it breasts, has it edges?





i am sure it is unique, i am sure it is just what i want.

when i am quiet at my cooking i feel it looking, i feel it thinking





‘is this the one i am to appear for,

is this the elect one, the one with black eye-pits and a scar?





measuring the flour, cutting off the surplus,

adhering to rules, to rules, to rules.





is this the one for the annunciation?

my god, what a laugh!’





but it shimmers, it does not stop, and i think it wants me.

i would not mind if it was bones, or a pearl button.





i do not want much of a present, anyway, this year.

after all, i am alive only by accident.





i would have killed myself gladly that time any possible way.

now there are these veils, shimmering like curtains,





the diaphanous satins of a january window

white as babies’ bedding and glittering with dead breath. o ivory!





it must be a tusk there, a ghost-column.

can you not see i do not mind what it is.





can you not give it to me?

do not be ashamed—i do not mind if it is small.





do not be mean, i am ready for enormity.

let us sit down to it, one on either side, admiring the gleam,





the glaze, the mirrory variety of it.

let us eat our last supper at it, like a hospital plate.





i know why you will not give it to me,

you are terrified





the world will go up in a shriek, and your head with it,

bossed, brazen, an antique shield,





a marvel to your great-grandchildren.

do not be afraid, it is not so.





i will only take it and go aside quietly.

you will not even hear me opening it, no paper crackle,





no falling ribbons, no scream at the end.

i do not think you credit me with this discretion.





if you only knew how the veils were killing my days.

to you they are only transparencies, clear air.





but my god, the clouds are like cotton——

armies of them. they are carbon monoxide.





sweetly, sweetly i breathe in,

filling my veins with invisibles, with the million





probable motes that tick the years off my life.

you are silver-suited for the occasion. o adding machine——





is it impossible for you to let something go and have it go whole?

must you stamp each piece in purple,





must you kill what you can?

there is this one thing i want today, and only you can give it to me.





it stands at my window, big as the sky.

it breathes from my sheets, the cold, dead center





where spilt lives congeal and stiffen to history.

let it not come by the mail, finger by finger.





let it not come by word of mouth, i should be sixty

by the time the whole of it was delivered, and too numb to use it.





only let down the veil, the veil, the veil.

if it were death





i would admire the deep gravity of it, its timeless eyes.

i would know you were serious.





there would be a nobility then, there would be a birthday.

and the knife not carve, but enter





pure and clean as the cry of a baby,

and the universe slide from my side.





letter in november





love, the world

suddenly turns, turns color. the streetlight

splits through the rats-tail

pods of the laburnum at nine in the morning.

it is the arctic,





this little black

circle, with its tawn silk grassesbabies hair.

there is a green in the air,

soft, delectable.

it cushions me lovingly.





i am flushed and warm.

i think i may be enormous,

i am so stupidly happy,

my wellingtons

squelching and squelching through the beautiful red.





this is my property.

two times a day

i pace it, sniffing

the barbarous holly with its viridian

scallops, pure iron,





and the wall of old corpses.

i love them.

i love them like history.

the apples are golden,

imagine it





my seventy trees

holding their gold-ruddy balls

in a thick grey death-soup,

their million

gold leaves metal and breathless.





o love, o celibate.

nobody but me

walks the waist-high wet.

the irreplaceable

golds bleed and deepen, the mouths of thermopylae.





amnesiac





no use, no use, now, begging recognize.

there is nothing to do with such a beautiful blank but smooth it.

name, house, car keys,





the little toy wife

erased, sigh, sigh.

four babies and a cocker.





nurses the size of worms and a minute doctor

tuck him in.

old happenings





peel from his skin.

down the drain with all of it!

hugging his pillow





like the red-headed sister he never dared to touch,

he dreams of a new one

barren, the lot are barren.





and of another color.

how theyll travel, travel, travel, scenery

sparking off their brother-sister rears,





a comet tail.

and money the sperm fluid of it all.

one nurse brings in





a green drink, one a blue.

they rise on either side of him like stars.

the two drinks flame and foam.





o sister, mother, wife,

sweet lethe is my life.

i am never, never, never coming home!





the rival





if the moon smiled, she would resemble you.

you leave the same impression

of something beautiful, but annihilating.

both of you are great light borrowers.

her o-mouth grieves at the world; yours is unaffected,





and your first gift is making stone out of everything.

i wake to a mausoleum; you are here,

ticking your fingers on the marble table, looking for cigarettes,

spiteful as a woman, but not so nervous,

and dying to say something unanswerable.





the moon, too, abases her subjects,

but in the daytime she is ridiculous.

your dissatisfactions, on the other hand,

arrive through the mailslot with loving regularity,

white and blank, expansive as carbon monoxide.





no day is safe from news of you,

walking about in africa maybe, but thinking of me.





daddy





you do not do, you do not do

any more, black shoe

in which i have lived like a foot

for thirty years, poor and white,

barely daring to breathe or achoo.





daddy, i have had to kill you.

you died before i had time

marble-heavy, a bag full of god,

ghastly statue with one grey toe

big as a frisco seal





and a head in the freakish atlantic

where it pours bean green over blue

in the waters off beautiful nauset.

i used to pray to recover you.

ach, du.





in the german tongue, in the polish town

scraped flat by the roller

of wars, wars, wars.

but the name of the town is common.

my polack friend





says there are a dozen or two.

so i never could tell where you

put your foot, your root,

i never could talk to you.

the tongue stuck in my jaw.





it stuck in a barb wire snare.

ich, ich, ich, ich.

i could hardly speak.

i thought every german was you.

and the language obscene





an engine, an engine

chuffing me off like a jew.

a jew to dachau, auschwitz, belsen.

i began to talk like a jew.

i think i may well be a jew.





the snows of the tyrol, the clear beer of vienna

are not very pure or true.

with my gypsy ancestress and my weird luck

and my taroc pack and my taroc pack

i may be a bit of a jew.





i have always been scared of you,

with your luftwaffe, your gobbledygoo.

and your neat moustache

and your aryan eye, bright blue.

panzer-man, panzer-man, o you





not god but a swastika

so black no sky could squeak through.

every woman adores a fascist,

the boot in the face, the brute

brute heart of a brute like you.





you stand at the blackboard, daddy,

in the picture i have of you,

a cleft in your chin instead of your foot

but no less a devil for that, no not

any less the black man who





bit my pretty red heart in two.

i was ten when they buried you.

at twenty i tried to die

and get back, back, back to you.

i thought even the bones would do





but they pulled me out of the sack,

and they stuck me together with glue.

and then i knew what to do.

i made a model of you,

a man in black with a meinkampf look





and a love of the rack and the screw.

and i said i do, i do.

so daddy, im finally through.

the black telephones off at the root,

the voices just cant worm through.





if ive killed one man, ive killed two

the vampire who said he was you

and drank my blood for a year,

seven years, if you want to know.

daddy, you can lie back now.





theres a stake in your fat black heart

and the villagers never liked you.

they are dancing and stamping on you.

they always knew it was you.

daddy, daddy, you bastard, im through.





youre





clownlike, happiest on your hands,

feet to the stars, and moon-skulled,

gilled like a fish. a common-sense

thumbs-down on the dodo’s mode.

wrapped up in yourself like a spool,

trawling your dark as owls do.

mute as a turnip from the fourth

of july to all fools’ day,

o high-riser, my little loaf.





vague as fog and looked for like mail.

farther off than australia.

bent-backed atlas, our traveled prawn.

snug as a bud and at home

like a sprat in a pickle jug.

a creel of eels, all ripples.

jumpy as a mexican bean.

right, like a well-done sum.

a clean slate, with your own face on.





fever 103°





pure? what does it mean?

the tongues of hell

are dull, dull as the triple





tongues of dull, fat cerberus

who wheezes at the gate. incapable

of licking clean





the aguey tendon, the sin, the sin.

the tinder cries.

the indelible smell





of a snuffed candle!

love, love, the low smokes roll

from me like isadora’s scarves, i’m in a fright





one scarf will catch and anchor in the wheel.

such yellow sullen smokes

make their own element. they will not rise,





but trundle round the globe

choking the aged and the meek,

the weak





hothouse baby in its crib,

the ghastly orchid

hanging its hanging garden in the air,





devilish leopard!

radiation turned it white

and killed it in an hour.





greasing the bodies of adulterers

like hiroshima ash and eating in.

the sin. the sin.





darling, all night

i have been flickering, off, on, off, on.

the sheets grow heavy as a lecher’s kiss.





three days. three nights.

lemon water, chicken

water, water make me retch.





i am too pure for you or anyone.

your body

hurts me as the world hurts god. i am a lantern——





my head a moon

of japanese paper, my gold beaten skin

infinitely delicate and infinitely expensive.





does not my heat astound you. and my light.

all by myself i am a huge camellia

glowing and coming and going, flush on flush.





i think i am going up,

i think i may rise——

the beads of hot metal fly, and i, love, i





am a pure acetylene

virgin

attended by roses,





by kisses, by cherubim,

by whatever these pink things mean.

not you, nor him





nor him, nor him

(my selves dissolving, old whore petticoats)——

to paradise.





the bee meeting





who are these people at the bridge to meet me? they are the villagers——

the rector, the midwife, the sexton, the agent for bees.

in my sleeveless summery dress i have no protection,

and they are all gloved and covered, why did nobody tell me?

they are smiling and taking out veils tacked to ancient hats.





i am nude as a chicken neck, does nobody love me?

yes, here is the secretary of bees with her white shop smock,

buttoning the cuffs at my wrists and the slit from my neck to my knees.

now i am milkweed silk, the bees will not notice.

they will not smell my fear, my fear, my fear.





which is the rector now, is it that man in black?

which is the midwife, is that her blue coat?

everybody is nodding a square black head, they are knights in visors,

breastplates of cheesecloth knotted under the armpits.

their smiles and their voices are changing. i am led through a beanfield,





strips of tinfoil winking like people,

feather dusters fanning their hands in a sea of bean flowers,

creamy bean flowers with black eyes and leaves like bored hearts.

is it blood clots the tendrils are dragging up that string?

no, no, it is scarlet flowers that will one day be edible.





now they are giving me a fashionable white straw italian hat

and a black veil that molds to my face, they are making me one of them.

they are leading me to the shorn grove, the circle of hives.

is it the hawthorn that smells so sick?

the barren body of hawthorn, etherizing its children.





is it some operation that is taking place?

it is the surgeon my neighbors are waiting for,

this apparition in a green helmet,

shining gloves and white suit.

is it the butcher, the grocer, the postman, someone i know?





i cannot run, i am rooted, and the gorse hurts me

with its yellow purses, its spiky armory.

i could not run without having to run forever.

the white hive is snug as a virgin,

sealing off her brood cells, her honey, and quietly humming.





smoke rolls and scarves in the grove.

the mind of the hive thinks this is the end of everything.

here they come, the outriders, on their hysterical elastics.

if i stand very still, they will think i am cow parsley,

a gullible head untouched by their animosity,





not even nodding, a personage in a hedgerow.

the villagers open the chambers, they are hunting the queen.

is she hiding, is she eating honey? she is very clever.

she is old, old, old, she must live another year, and she knows it.

while in their fingerjoint cells the new virgins





dream of a duel they will win inevitably,

a curtain of wax dividing them from the bride flight,

the upflight of the murderess into a heaven that loves her.

the villagers are moving the virgins, there will be no killing.

the old queen does not show herself, is she so ungrateful?





i am exhausted, i am exhausted——

pillar of white in a blackout of knives.

i am the magician’s girl who does not flinch.

the villagers are untying their disguises, they are shaking hands.

whose is that long white box in the grove, what have they accomplished, why am i cold.





the arrival of the bee box





i ordered this, this clean wood box

square as a chair and almost too heavy to lift.

i would say it was the coffin of a midget

or a square baby

were there not such a din in it.





the box is locked, it is dangerous.

i have to live with it overnight

and i cant keep away from it.

there are no windows, so i cant see what is in there.

there is only a little grid, no exit.





i put my eye to the grid.

it is dark, dark,

with the swarmy feeling of african hands

minute and shrunk for export,

black on black, angrily clambering.





how can i let them out?

it is the noise that appals me most of all,

the unintelligible syllables.

it is like a roman mob,

small, taken one by one, but my god, together!





i lay my ear to furious latin.

i am not a caesar.

i have simply ordered a box of maniacs.

they can be sent back.

they can die, i need feed them nothing, i am the owner.





i wonder how hungry they are.

i wonder if they would forget me

if i just undid the locks and stood back and turned into a tree.

there is the laburnum, its blond colonnades,

and the petticoats of the cherry.





they might ignore me immediately

in my moon suit and funeral veil.

i am no source of honey

so why should they turn on me?

tomorrow i will be sweet god, i will set them free.





the box is only temporary.





stings





bare-handed, i hand the combs.

the man in white smiles, bare-handed,

our cheesecloth gauntlets neat and sweet,

the throats of our wrists brave lilies.

he and i





have a thousand clean cells between us,

eight combs of yellow cups,

and the hive itself a teacup,

white with pink flowers on it.

with excessive love i enameled it





thinking sweetness, sweetness.

brood cells grey as the fossils of shells

terrify me, they seem so old.

what am i buying, wormy mahogany?

is there any queen at all in it?





if there is, she is old,

her wings torn shawls, her long body

rubbed of its plush

poor and bare and unqueenly and even shameful.

i stand in a column





of winged, unmiraculous women,

honey-drudgers.

i am no drudge

though for years i have eaten dust

and dried plates with my dense hair.





and seen my strangeness evaporate,

blue dew from dangerous skin.

will they hate me,

these women who only scurry,

whose news is the open cherry, the open clover?





it is almost over.

i am in control.

here is my honey-machine,

it will work without thinking,

opening, in spring, like an industrious virgin





to scour the creaming crests

as the moon, for its ivory powders, scours the sea.

a third person is watching.

he has nothing to do with the bee-seller or with me.

now he is gone





in eight great bounds, a great scapegoat.

here is his slipper, here is another,

and here the square of white linen

he wore instead of a hat.

he was sweet,





the sweat of his efforts a rain

tugging the world to fruit.

the bees found him out,

molding onto his lips like lies,

complicating his features.





they thought death was worth it, but i

have a self to recover, a queen.

is she dead, is she sleeping?

where has she been,

with her lion-red body, her wings of glass?





now she is flying

more terrible than she ever was, red

scar in the sky, red comet

over the engine that killed her

the mausoleum, the wax house.





wintering





this is the easy time, there is nothing doing.

i have whirled the midwifes extractor,

i have my honey,

six jars of it,

six cats eyes in the wine cellar,





wintering in a dark without window

at the heart of the house

next to the last tenants rancid jam

and the bottles of empty glitters

sir so-and-sos gin.





this is the room i have never been in.

this is the room i could never breathe in.

the black bunched in there like a bat,

no light

but the torch and its faint





chinese yellow on appalling objects

black asininity. decay.

possession.

it is they who own me.

neither cruel nor indifferent,





only ignorant.

this is the time of hanging on for the beesthe bees

so slow i hardly know them,

filing like soldiers

to the syrup tin





to make up for the honey ive taken.

tate and lyle keeps them going,

the refined snow.

it is tate and lyle they live on, instead of flowers.

they take it. the cold sets in.





now they ball in a mass,

black

mind against all that white.

the smile of the snow is white.

it spreads itself out, a mile-long body of meissen,





into which, on warm days,

they can only carry their dead.

the bees are all women,

maids and the long royal lady.

they have got rid of the men,





the blunt, clumsy stumblers, the boors.

winter is for women

the woman, still at her knitting,

at the cradle of spanish walnut,

her body a bulb in the cold and too dumb to think.





will the hive survive, will the gladiolas

succeed in banking their fires

to enter another year?

what will they taste of, the christmas roses?

the bees are flying. they taste the spring.






the swarm





somebody is shooting at something in our town——

a dull pom, pom in the sunday street.

jealousy can open the blood,

it can make black roses.

what are they shooting at?





it is you the knives are out for

at waterloo, waterloo, napoleon,

the hump of elba on your short back,

and the snow, marshalling its brilliant cutlery

mass after mass, saying shh,





shh. these are chess people you play with,

still figures of ivory.

the mud squirms with throats,

stepping stones for french bootsoles.

the gilt and pink domes of russia melt and float off





in the furnace of greed. clouds! clouds!

so the swarm balls and deserts

seventy feet up, in a black pine tree.

it must be shot down. pom! pom!

so dumb it thinks bullets are thunder.





it thinks they are the voice of god

condoning the beak, the claw, the grin of the dog

yellow-haunched, a pack dog,

grinning over its bone of ivory

like the pack, the pack, like everybody.





the bees have got so far. seventy feet high.

russia, poland and germany.



the mild hills, the same old magenta

fields shrunk to a penny

spun into a river, the river crossed.





the bees argue, in their black ball,

a flying hedgehog, all prickles.

the man with grey hands stands under the honeycomb

of their dream, the hived station

where trains, faithful to their steel arcs,





leave and arrive, and there is no end to the country.

pom, pom. they fall

dismembered, to a tod of ivy.

so much for the chariots, the outriders, the grand army.

a red tatter, napoleon.





the last badge of victory.

the swarm is knocked into a cocked straw hat.

elba, elba, bleb on the sea.

the white busts of marshals, admirals, generals

worming themselves into niches.





how instructive this is!

the dumb, banded bodies

walking the plank draped with mother france’s upholstery

into a new mausoleum,

an ivory palace, a crotch pine.





the man with grey hands smiles——

the smile of a man of business, intensely practical.

they are not hands at all

but asbestos receptacles.

pom, pom! ‘they would have killed me.’





stings big as drawing pins!

it seems bees have a notion of honor,

a black, intractable mind.

napoleon is pleased, he is pleased with everything.

o europe. o ton of honey.





the colossus and other poems


the manor garden





the fountains are dry and the roses over.

incense of death. your day approaches.

the pears fatten like little buddhas.

a blue mist is dragging the lake.





you move through the era of fishes,

the smug centuries of the pig—

head, toe and finger

come clear of the shadow. history





nourishes these broken flutings,

these crowns of acanthus,

and the crow settles her garments.

you inherit white heather, a bee’s wing,





two suicides, the family wolves,

hours of blankness. some hard stars

already yellow the heavens.

the spider on its own string





crosses the lake. the worms

quit their usual habitations.

the small birds converge, converge

with their gifts to a difficult borning.





two views of a cadaver room





1


the day she visited the dissecting room

they had four men laid out, black as burnt turkey,

already half unstrung. a vinegary fume

of the death vats clung to them;

the white-smocked boys started working.

the head of his cadaver had caved in,

and she could scarcely make out anything

in that rubble of skull plates and old leather.

a sallow piece of string held it together.





in their jars the snail-nosed babies moon and glow.

he hands her the cut-out heart like a cracked heirloom.





2


in brueghel’s panorama of smoke and slaughter

two people only are blind to the carrion army:

he, afloat in the sea of her blue satin

skirts, sings in the direction

of her bare shoulder, while she bends,

fingering a leaflet of music, over him,

both of them deaf to the fiddle in the hands

of the death’s-head shadowing their song.

these flemish lovers flourish; not for long.





yet desolation, stalled in paint, spares the little country

foolish, delicate, in the lower right-hand corner.





night shift





it was not a heart, beating,

that muted boom, that clangor

far off, not blood in the ears

drumming up any fever





to impose on the evening.

the noise came from the outside:

a metal detonating

native, evidently, to





these stilled suburbs: nobody

startled at it, though the sound

shook the ground with its pounding.

it took root at my coming





till the thudding source, exposed,

confounded inept guesswork:

framed in windows of main street’s

silver factory, immense





hammers hoisted, wheels turning,

stalled, let fall their vertical

tonnage of metal and wood;

stunned the marrow. men in white





undershirts circled, tending

without stop those greased machines,

tending, without stop, the blunt

indefatigable fact.





sow





god knows how our neighbor managed to breed

his great sow:

whatever his shrewd secret, he kept it hid





in the same way

he kept the sow—impounded from public stare,

prize ribbon and pig show.





but one dusk our questions commended us to a tour

through his lantern-lit

maze of barns to the lintel of the sunk sty door





to gape at it:

this was no rose-and-larkspurred china suckling

with a penny slot





for thrifty children, nor dolt pig ripe for heckling,

about to be

glorified for prime flesh and golden crackling





in a parsley halo;

nor even one of the common barnyard sows,

mire-smirched, blowzy,





maunching thistle and knotweed on her snout-cruise—

bloat tun of milk

on the move, hedged by a litter of feat-foot ninnies





shrilling her hulk

to halt for a swig at the pink teats. no. this vast

brobdingnag bulk





of a sow lounged belly-bedded on that black compost,

fat-rutted eyes

dream-filmed. what a vision of ancient hoghood must





thus wholly engross

the great grandam!—our marvel blazoned a knight,

helmed, in cuirass,





unhorsed and shredded in the grove of combat

by a grisly-bristled

boar, fabulous enough to straddle that sow’s heat.





but our farmer whistled,

then, with a jocular fist thwacked the barrel nape,

and the green-copse-castled





pig hove, letting legend like dried mud drop,

slowly, grunt

on grunt, up in the flickering light to shape





a monument

prodigious in gluttonies as that hog whose want

made lean lent





of kitchen slops and, stomaching no constraint,

proceeded to swill

the seven troughed seas and every earthquaking continent.





the eye-mote





blameless as daylight i stood looking

at a field of horses, necks bent, manes blown,

tails streaming against the green

backdrop of sycamores. sun was striking

white chapel pinnacles over the roofs,

holding the horses, the clouds, the leaves





steadily rooted though they were all flowing

away to the left like reeds in a sea

when the splinter flew in and stuck my eye,

needling it dark. then i was seeing

a melding of shapes in a hot rain:

horses warped on the altering green,





outlandish as double-humped camels or unicorns,

grazing at the margins of a bad monochrome,

beasts of oasis, a better time.

abrading my lid, the small grain burns:

red cinder around which i myself,

horses, planets and spires revolve.





neither tears nor the easing flush

of eyebaths can unseat the speck:

it sticks, and it has stuck a week.

i wear the present itch for flesh,

blind to what will be and what was.

i dream that i am oedipus.





what i want back is what i was

before the bed, before the knife,

before the brooch-pin and the salve

fixed me in this parenthesis;

horses fluent in the wind,

a place, a time gone out of mind.





hardcastle crags





flintlike, her feet struck

such a racket of echoes from the steely street,

tacking in moon-blued crooks from the black

stone-built town, that she heard the quick air ignite

its tinder and shake





a firework of echoes from wall

to wall of the dark, dwarfed cottages.

but the echoes died at her back as the walls

gave way to fields and the incessant seethe of grasses

riding in the full





of the moon, manes to the wind,

tireless, tied, as a moon-bound sea

moves on its root. though a mist-wraith wound

up from the fissured valley and hung shoulder-high

ahead, it fattened





to no family-featured ghost,

nor did any word body with a name

the blank mood she walked in. once past

the dream-peopled village, her eyes entertained no dream,

and the sandman’s dust





lost luster under her footsoles.

the long wind, paring her person down

to a pinch of flame, blew its burdened whistle

in the whorl of her ear, and like a scooped-out pumpkin crown

her head cupped the babel.





all the night gave her, in return

for the paltry gift of her bulk and the beat

of her heart was the humped indifferent iron

of its hills, and its pastures bordered by black stone set

on black stone. barns





guarded broods and litters

behind shut doors; the dairy herds

knelt in the meadow mute as boulders;

sheep drowsed stoneward in their tussocks of wool, and birds,

twig-sleeping, wore





granite ruffs, their shadows

the guise of leaves. the whole landscape

loomed absolute as the antique world was

once, in its earliest sway of lymph and sap,

unaltered by eyes,





enough to snuff the quick

of her small heat out, but before the weight

of stones and hills of stones could break

her down to mere quartz grit in that stony light

she turned back.





faun





haunched like a faun, he hooed

from grove of moon-glint and fen-frost

until all owls in the twigged forest

flapped black to look and brood

on the call this man made.





no sound but a drunken coot

lurching home along river bank.

stars hung water-sunk, so a rank

of double star-eyes lit

boughs where those owls sat.





an arena of yellow eyes

watched the changing shape he cut,

saw hoof harden from foot, saw sprout

goat-horns. marked how god rose

and galloped woodward in that guise.





departure





the figs on the fig tree in the yard are green;

green, also, the grapes on the green vine

shading the brickred porch tiles.

the money’s run out.





how nature, sensing this, compounds her bitters.

ungifted, ungrieved, our leavetaking.

the sun shines on unripe corn.

cats play in the stalks.





retrospect shall not soften such penury—

sun’s brass, the moon’s steely patinas,

the leaden slag of the world—

but always expose





the scraggy rock spit shielding the town’s blue bay

against which the brunt of outer sea

beats, is brutal endlessly.

gull-fouled, a stone hut





bares its low lintel to corroding weathers:

across that jut of ochreous rock

goats shamble, morose, rank-haired,

to lick the sea-salt.





the colossus





i shall never get you put together entirely,

pieced, glued, and properly jointed.

mule-bray, pig-grunt and bawdy cackles

proceed from your great lips.

it’s worse than a barnyard.





perhaps you consider yourself an oracle,

mouthpiece of the dead, or of some god or other.

thirty years now i have labored

to dredge the silt from your throat.

i am none the wiser.





scaling little ladders with gluepots and pails of lysol

i crawl like an ant in mourning

over the weedy acres of your brow

to mend the immense skull plates and clear

the bald, white tumuli of your eyes.





a blue sky out of the oresteia

arches above us. o father, all by yourself

you are pithy and historical as the roman forum.

i open my lunch on a hill of black cypress.

your fluted bones and acanthine hair are littered





in their old anarchy to the horizon-line.

it would take more than a lightning-stroke

to create such a ruin.

nights, i squat in the cornucopia

of your left ear, out of the wind,





counting the red stars and those of plum-color.

the sun rises under the pillar of your tongue.

my hours are married to shadow.

no longer do i listen for the scrape of a keel

on the blank stones of the landing.





lorelei





it is no night to drown in:

a full moon, river lapsing

black beneath bland mirror-sheen,





the blue water-mists dropping

scrim after scrim like fishnets

though fishermen are sleeping,





the massive castle turrets

doubling themselves in a glass

all stillness. yet these shapes float





up toward me, troubling the face

of quiet. from the nadir

they rise, their limbs ponderous





with richness, hair heavier

than sculpted marble. they sing

of a world more full and clear





than can be. sisters, your song

bears a burden too weighty

for the whorled ear’s listening





here, in a well-steered country,

under a balanced ruler.

deranging by harmony





beyond the mundane order,

your voices lay siege. you lodge

on the pitched reefs of nightmare,





promising sure harborage;

by day, descant from borders

of hebetude, from the ledge





also of high windows. worse

even than your maddening

song, your silence. at the source





of your ice-hearted calling—

drunkenness of the great depths.

o river, i see drifting





deep in your flux of silver

those great goddesses of peace.

stone, stone, ferry me down there.





point shirley





from water-tower hill to the brick prison

the shingle booms, bickering under

the sea’s collapse.

snowcakes break and welter. this year

the gritted wave leaps

the seawall and drops onto a bier

of quahog chips,

leaving a salty mash of ice to whiten





in my grandmother’s sand yard. she is dead,

whose laundry snapped and froze here, who

kept house against

what the sluttish, rutted sea could do.

squall waves once danced

ship timbers in through the cellar window;

a thresh-tailed, lanced

shark littered in the geranium bed—





such collusion of mulish elements

she wore her broom straws to the nub.

twenty years out

of her hand, the house still hugs in each drab

stucco socket

the purple egg-stones: from great head’s knob

to the filled-in gut

the sea in its cold gizzard ground those rounds.





nobody wintering now behind

the planked-up windows where she set

her wheat loaves

and apple cakes to cool. what is it

survives, grieves

so, over this battered, obstinate spit

of gravel? the waves’

spewed relics clicker masses in the wind,





grey waves the stub-necked eiders ride.

a labor of love, and that labor lost.

steadily the sea

eats at point shirley. she died blessed,

and i come by

bones, bones only, pawed and tossed,

a dog-faced sea.

the sun sinks under boston, bloody red.





i would get from these dry-papped stones

the milk your love instilled in them.

the black ducks dive.

and though your graciousness might stream,

and i contrive,

grandmother, stones are nothing of home

to that spumiest dove.

against both bar and tower the black sea runs.





the bull of bendylaw





the black bull bellowed before the sea.

the sea, till that day orderly,

hove up against bendylaw.





the queen in the mulberry arbor stared

stiff as a queen on a playing card.

the king fingered his beard.





a blue sea, four horny bull-feet,

a bull-snouted sea that wouldn’t stay put,

bucked at the garden gate.





along box-lined walks in the florid sun

toward the rowdy bellow and back again

the lords and ladies ran.





the great bronze gate began to crack,

the sea broke in at every crack,

pellmell, blueblack.





the bull surged up, the bull surged down,

not to be stayed by a daisy chain

nor by any learned man.





o the king’s tidy acre is under the sea,

and the royal rose in the bull’s belly,

and the bull on the king’s highway.





all the dead dears





in the archæological museum in cambridge is a stone coffin of the fourth century a.d. containing the skeletons of a woman, a mouse and a shrew. the ankle-bone of the woman has been slightly gnawn.





rigged poker-stiff on her back

with a granite grin

this antique museum-cased lady

lies, companioned by the gimcrack

relics of a mouse and a shrew

that battened for a day on her ankle-bone.





these three, unmasked now, bear

dry witness

to the gross eating game

we’d wink at if we didn’t hear

stars grinding, crumb by crumb,

our own grist down to its bony face.





how they grip us through thin and thick,

these barnacle dead!

this lady here’s no kin

of mine, yet kin she is: she’ll suck

blood and whistle my marrow clean

to prove it. as i think now of her head,





from the mercury-backed glass

mother, grandmother, greatgrandmother

reach hag hands to haul me in,

and an image looms under the fishpond surface

where the daft father went down

with orange duck-feet winnowing his hair—





all the long gone darlings: they

get back, though, soon,

soon: be it by wakes, weddings,

childbirths or a family barbecue:

any touch, taste, tang’s

fit for those outlaws to ride home on,





and to sanctuary: usurping the armchair

between tick

and tack of the clock, until we go,

each skulled-and-crossboned gulliver

riddled with ghosts, to lie

deadlocked with them, taking root as cradles rock.





aftermath





compelled by calamity’s magnet

they loiter and stare as if the house

burnt-out were theirs, or as if they thought

some scandal might any minute ooze

from a smoke-choked closet into light;

no deaths, no prodigious injuries

glut these hunters after an old meat,

blood-spoor of the austere tragedies.





mother medea in a green smock

moves humbly as any housewife through

her ruined apartments, taking stock

of charred shoes, the sodden upholstery:

cheated of the pyre and the rack,

the crowd sucks her last tear and turns away.





the thin people





they are always with us, the thin people

meager of dimension as the grey people





on a movie-screen. they

are unreal, we say:





it was only in a movie, it was only

in a war making evil headlines when we





were small that they famished and

grew so lean and would not round





out their stalky limbs again though peace

plumped the bellies of the mice





under the meanest table.

it was during the long hunger-battle





they found their talent to persevere

in thinness, to come, later,





into our bad dreams, their menace

not guns, not abuses,





but a thin silence.

wrapped in flea-ridden donkey skins,





empty of complaint, forever

drinking vinegar from tin cups: they wore





the insufferable nimbus of the lot-drawn

scapegoat. but so thin,





so weedy a race could not remain in dreams,

could not remain outlandish victims





in the contracted country of the head

any more than the old woman in her mud hut could





keep from cutting fat meat

out of the side of the generous moon when it





set foot nightly in her yard

until her knife had pared





the moon to a rind of little light.

now the thin people do not obliterate





themselves as the dawn

greyness blues, reddens, and the outline





of the world comes clear and fills with color.

they persist in the sunlit room: the wallpaper





frieze of cabbage-roses and cornflowers pales

under their thin-lipped smiles,





their withering kingship.

how they prop each other up!





we own no wildernesses rich and deep enough

for stronghold against their stiff





battalions. see, how the tree boles flatten

and lose their good browns





if the thin people simply stand in the forest,

making the world go thin as a wasp’s nest





and greyer; not even moving their bones.





suicide off egg rock





behind him the hotdogs split and drizzled

on the public grills, and the ochreous salt flats,

gas tanks, factory stacks—that landscape

of imperfections his bowels were part of—

rippled and pulsed in the glassy updraft.

sun struck the water like a damnation.

no pit of shadow to crawl into,

and his blood beating the old tattoo

i am, i am, i am. children

were squealing where combers broke and the spindrift

raveled wind-ripped from the crest of the wave.

a mongrel working his legs to a gallop

hustled a gull flock to flap off the sandspit.





he smoldered, as if stone-deaf, blindfold,

his body beached with the sea’s garbage,

a machine to breathe and beat forever.

flies filing in through a dead skate’s eyehole

buzzed and assailed the vaulted brainchamber.

the words in his book wormed off the pages.

everything glittered like blank paper.





everything shrank in the sun’s corrosive

ray but egg rock on the blue wastage.

he heard when he walked into the water





the forgetful surf creaming on those ledges.





mushrooms





overnight, very

whitely, discreetly,

very quietly





our toes, our noses

take hold on the loam,

acquire the air.





nobody sees us,

stops us, betrays us;

the small grains make room.





soft fists insist on

heaving the needles,

the leafy bedding,





even the paving.

our hammers, our rams,

earless and eyeless,





perfectly voiceless,

widen the crannies,

shoulder through holes. we





diet on water,

on crumbs of shadow,

bland-mannered, asking





little or nothing.

so many of us!

so many of us!





we are shelves, we are

tables, we are meek,

we are edible,





nudgers and shovers

in spite of ourselves.

our kind multiplies:





we shall by morning

inherit the earth.

our foot’s in the door.





i want, i want





open-mouthed, the baby god

immense, bald, though baby-headed,

cried out for the mother’s dug.

the dry volcanoes cracked and spit,





sand abraded the milkless lip.

cried then for the father’s blood

who set wasp, wolf and shark to work,

engineered the gannet’s beak.





dry-eyed, the inveterate patriarch

raised his men of skin and bone,

barbs on the crown of gilded wire,

thorns on the bloody rose-stem.





watercolor of grantchester meadows





there, spring lambs jam the sheepfold. in air

stilled, silvered as water in a glass

nothing is big or far.

the small shrew chitters from its wilderness

of grassheads and is heard.

each thumb-size bird

flits nimble-winged in thickets, and of good color.





cloudrack and owl-hollowed willows slanting over

the bland granta double their white and green

world under the sheer water

and ride that flux at anchor, upside down.

the punter sinks his pole.

in byron’s pool

cattails part where the tame cygnets steer.





it is a country on a nursery plate.

spotted cows revolve their jaws and crop

red clover or gnaw beetroot

bellied on a nimbus of sun-glazed buttercup.

hedging meadows of benign

arcadian green

the blood-berried hawthorn hides its spines with white.





droll, vegetarian, the water rat

saws down a reed and swims from his limber grove,

while the students stroll or sit,

hands laced, in a moony indolence of love—

black-gowned, but unaware

how in such mild air

the owl shall stoop from his turret, the rat cry out.





the ghost’s leavetaking





enter the chilly no-man’s land of about

five o’clock in the morning, the no-color void

where the waking head rubbishes out the draggled lot

of sulfurous dreamscapes and obscure lunar conundrums

which seemed, when dreamed, to mean so profoundly much,





gets ready to face the ready-made creation

of chairs and bureaus and sleep-twisted sheets.

this is the kingdom of the fading apparition,

the oracular ghost who dwindles on pin-legs

to a knot of laundry, with a classic bunch of sheets





upraised, as a hand, emblematic of farewell.

at this joint between two worlds and two entirely

incompatible modes of time, the raw material

of our meat-and-potato thoughts assumes the nimbus

of ambrosial revelation. and so departs.





chair and bureau are the hieroglyphs

of some godly utterance wakened heads ignore:

so these posed sheets, before they thin to nothing,

speak in sign language of a lost otherworld,

a world we lose by merely waking up.





trailing its telltale tatters only at the outermost

fringe of mundane vision, this ghost goes

hand aloft, goodbye, goodbye, not down

into the rocky gizzard of the earth,

but toward a region where our thick atmosphere





diminishes, and god knows what is there.

a point of exclamation marks that sky

in ringing orange like a stellar carrot.

its round period, displaced and green,

suspends beside it the first point, the starting





point of eden, next the new moon’s curve.

go, ghost of our mother and father, ghost of us,

and ghost of our dreams’ children, in those sheets

which signify our origin and end,

to the cloud-cuckoo land of color wheels





and pristine alphabets and cows that moo

and moo as they jump over moons as new

as that crisp cusp toward which you voyage now.

hail and farewell. hello, goodbye. o keeper

of the profane grail, the dreaming skull.





a winter ship





at this wharf there are no grand landings to speak of.

red and orange barges list and blister

shackled to the dock, outmoded, gaudy,

and apparently indestructible.

the sea pulses under a skin of oil.





a gull holds his pose on a shanty ridgepole,

riding the tide of the wind, steady

as wood and formal, in a jacket of ashes,

the whole flat harbor anchored in

the round of his yellow eye-button.





a blimp swims up like a day-moon or tin

cigar over his rink of fishes.

the prospect is dull as an old etching.

they are unloading three barrels of little crabs.

the pier pilings seem about to collapse





and with them that rickety edifice

of warehouses, derricks, smokestacks and bridges

in the distance. all around us the water slips

and gossips in its loose vernacular,

ferrying the smells of dead cod and tar.





farther out, the waves will be mouthing icecakes—

a poor month for park-sleepers and lovers.

even our shadows are blue with cold.

we wanted to see the sun come up

and are met, instead, by this iceribbed ship,





bearded and blown, an albatross of frost,

relic of tough weather, every winch and stay

encased in a glassy pellicle.

the sun will diminish it soon enough:

each wave-tip glitters like a knife.





full fathom five





old man, you surface seldom.

then you come in with the tide’s coming

when seas wash cold, foam-





capped: white hair, white beard, far-flung,

a dragnet, rising, falling, as waves

crest and trough. miles long





extend the radial sheaves

of your spread hair, in which wrinkling skeins

knotted, caught, survives





the old myth of origins

unimaginable. you float near

as keeled ice-mountains





of the north, to be steered clear

of, not fathomed. all obscurity

starts with a danger:





your dangers are many. i

cannot look much but your form suffers

some strange injury





and seems to die: so vapors

ravel to clearness on the dawn sea.

the muddy rumors





of your burial move me

to half-believe: your reappearance

proves rumors shallow,





for the archaic trenched lines

of your grained face shed time in runnels:

ages beat like rains





on the unbeaten channels

of the ocean. such sage humor and

durance are whirlpools





to make away with the ground-

work of the earth and the sky’s ridgepole.

waist down, you may wind





one labyrinthine tangle

to root deep among knuckles, shin-bones,

skulls. inscrutable,





below shoulders not once

seen by any man who kept his head,

you defy questions;





you defy other godhood.

i walk dry on your kingdom’s border

exiled to no good.





your shelled bed i remember.

father, this thick air is murderous.

i would breathe water.





blue moles





1


they’re out of the dark’s ragbag, these two

moles dead in the pebbled rut,

shapeless as flung gloves, a few feet apart—

blue suede a dog or fox has chewed.

one, by himself, seemed pitiable enough,

little victim unearthed by some large creature

from his orbit under the elm root.

the second carcass makes a duel of the affair:

blind twins bitten by bad nature.





the sky’s far dome is sane and clear.

leaves, undoing their yellow caves

between the road and the lake water,

bare no sinister spaces. already

the moles look neutral as the stones.

their corkscrew noses, their white hands

uplifted, stiffen in a family pose.

difficult to imagine how fury struck—

dissolved now, smoke of an old war.





2


nightly the battle-shouts start up

in the ear of the veteran, and again

i enter the soft pelt of the mole.

light’s death to them: they shrivel in it.

they move through their mute rooms while i sleep,

palming the earth aside, grubbers

after the fat children of root and rock.

by day, only the topsoil heaves.

down there one is alone.





outsize hands prepare a path,

they go before: opening the veins,

delving for the appendages

of beetles, sweetbreads, shards—to be eaten

over and over. and still the heaven

of final surfeit is just as far

from the door as ever. what happens between us

happens in darkness, vanishes

easy and often as each breath.





strumpet song





with white frost gone

and all green dreams not worth much,

after a lean day’s work

time comes round for that foul slut:

mere bruit of her takes our street

until every man,

red, pale or dark,

veers to her slouch.





mark, i cry, that mouth

made to do violence on,

that seamed face

askew with blotch, dint, scar

struck by each dour year.

walks there not some such one man

as can spare breath

to patch with brand of love this rank grimace

which out from black tarn, ditch and cup

into my most chaste own eyes

looks up.





man in black





where the three magenta

breakwaters take the shove

and suck of the grey sea





to the left, and the wave

unfists against the dun

barb-wired headland of





the deer island prison

with its trim piggeries,

hen huts and cattle green





to the right, and march ice

glazes the rock pools yet,

snuff-colored sand cliffs rise





over a great stone spit

bared by each falling tide,

and you, across those white





stones, strode out in your dead

black coat, black shoes, and your

black hair till there you stood,





fixed vortex on the far

tip, riveting stones, air,

all of it, together.





snakecharmer





as the gods began one world, and man another,

so the snakecharmer begins a snaky sphere

with moon-eye, mouth-pipe. he pipes. pipes green. pipes water.





pipes water green until green waters waver

with reedy lengths and necks and undulatings.

and as his notes twine green, the green river





shapes its images around his songs.

he pipes a place to stand on, but no rocks,

no floor: a wave of flickering grass tongues





supports his foot. he pipes a world of snakes,

of sways and coilings, from the snake-rooted bottom

of his mind. and now nothing but snakes





is visible. the snake-scales have become

leaf, become eyelid; snake-bodies, bough, breast

of tree and human. and he within this snakedom





rules the writhings which make manifest

his snakehood and his might with pliant tunes

from his thin pipe. out of this green nest





as out of eden’s navel twist the lines

of snaky generations: let there be snakes!

and snakes there were, are, will be—till yawns





consume this piper and he tires of music

and pipes the world back to the simple fabric

of snake-warp, snake-weft. pipes the cloth of snakes





to a melting of green waters, till no snake

shows its head, and those green waters back to

water, to green, to nothing like a snake.

puts up his pipe, and lids his moony eye.





the hermit at outermost house





sky and sea, horizon-hinged

tablets of blank blue, couldn’t,

clapped shut, flatten this man out.





the great gods, stone-head, claw-foot,

winded by much rock-bumping

and claw-threat, realized that.





for what, then, had they endured

dourly the long hots and colds,

those old despots, if he sat





laugh-shaken on his doorsill,

backbone unbendable as

timbers of his upright hut?





hard gods were there, nothing else.

still he thumbed out something else.

thumbed no stony, horny pot,





but a certain meaning green.

he withstood them, that hermit.

rock-face, crab-claw verged on green.





gulls mulled in the greenest light.





the disquieting muses





mother, mother, what illbred aunt

or what disfigured and unsightly

cousin did you so unwisely keep

unasked to my christening, that she

sent these ladies in her stead

with heads like darning-eggs to nod

and nod and nod at foot and head

and at the left side of my crib?





mother, who made to order stories

of mixie blackshort the heroic bear,

mother, whose witches always, always

got baked into gingerbread, i wonder

whether you saw them, whether you said

words to rid me of those three ladies

nodding by night around my bed,

mouthless, eyeless, with stitched bald head.





in the hurricane, when father’s twelve

study windows bellied in

like bubbles about to break, you fed

my brother and me cookies and ovaltine

and helped the two of us to choir:

“thor is angry: boom boom boom!

thor is angry: we don’t care!”

but those ladies broke the panes.





when on tiptoe the schoolgirls danced,

blinking flashlights like fireflies

and singing the glowworm song, i could

not lift a foot in the twinkle-dress

but, heavy-footed, stood aside

in the shadow cast by my dismal-headed

godmothers, and you cried and cried:

and the shadow stretched, the lights went out.





mother, you sent me to piano lessons

and praised my arabesques and trills

although each teacher found my touch

oddly wooden in spite of scales

and the hours of practicing, my ear

tone-deaf and yes, unteachable.

i learned, i learned, i learned elsewhere,

from muses unhired by you, dear mother,





i woke one day to see you, mother,

floating above me in bluest air

on a green balloon bright with a million

flowers and bluebirds that never were

never, never, found anywhere.

but the little planet bobbed away

like a soap-bubble as you called: come here!

and i faced my traveling companions.





day now, night now, at head, side, feet,

they stand their vigil in gowns of stone,

faces blank as the day i was born,

their shadows long in the setting sun

that never brightens or goes down.

and this is the kingdom you bore me to,

mother, mother. but no frown of mine

will betray the company i keep.





medallion





by the gate with star and moon

worked into the peeled orange wood

the bronze snake lay in the sun





inert as a shoelace; dead

but pliable still, his jaw

unhinged and his grin crooked,





tongue a rose-colored arrow.

over my hand i hung him.

his little vermilion eye





ignited with a glassed flame

as i turned him in the light;

when i split a rock one time





the garnet bits burned like that.

dust dulled his back to ocher

the way sun ruins a trout.





yet his belly kept its fire

going under the chainmail,

the old jewels smoldering there





in each opaque belly-scale:

sunset looked at through milk glass.

and i saw white maggots coil





thin as pins in the dark bruise

where his innards bulged as if

he were digesting a mouse.





knifelike, he was chaste enough,

pure death’s-metal. the yardman’s

flung brick perfected his laugh.





the companionable ills





the nose-end that twitches, the old imperfections—

tolerable now as moles on the face

put up with until chagrin gives place

to a wry complaisance—





dug in first as god’s spurs

to start the spirit out of the mud

it stabled in; long-used, became well-loved

bedfellows of the spirit’s debauch, fond masters.





moonrise





grub-white mulberries redden among leaves.

i’ll go out and sit in white like they do,

doing nothing. july’s juice rounds their nubs.





this park is fleshed with idiot petals.

white catalpa flowers tower, topple,

cast a round white shadow in their dying.





a pigeon rudders down. its fantail’s white.

vocation enough: opening, shutting

white petals, white fantails, ten white fingers.





enough for fingernails to make half-moons

redden in white palms no labor reddens.

white bruises toward color, else collapses.





berries redden. a body of whiteness

rots, and smells of rot under its headstone

though the body walk out in clean linen.





i smell that whiteness here, beneath the stones

where small ants roll their eggs, where grubs fatten.

death may whiten in sun or out of it.





death whitens in the egg and out of it.

i can see no color for this whiteness.

white: it is a complexion of the mind.





i tire, imagining white niagaras

build up from a rock root, as fountains build

against the weighty image of their fall.





lucina, bony mother, laboring

among the socketed white stars, your face

of candor pares white flesh to the white bone,





who drag our ancient father at the heel,

white-bearded, weary. the berries purple

and bleed. the white stomach may ripen yet.





spinster





now this particular girl

during a ceremonious april walk

with her latest suitor

found herself, of a sudden, intolerably struck

by the birds’ irregular babel

and the leaves’ litter.





by this tumult afflicted, she

observed her lover’s gestures unbalance the air,

his gait stray uneven

through a rank wilderness of fern and flower.

she judged petals in disarray,

the whole season, sloven.





how she longed for winter then!—

scrupulously austere in its order

of white and black

ice and rock, each sentiment within border,

and heart’s frosty discipline

exact as a snowflake.





but here—a burgeoning

unruly enough to pitch her five queenly wits

into vulgar motley—

a treason not to be borne. let idiots

reel giddy in bedlam spring:

she withdrew neatly.





and round her house she set

such a barricade of barb and check

against mutinous weather

as no mere insurgent man could hope to break

with curse, fist, threat

or love, either.





frog autumn





summer grows old, cold-blooded mother.

the insects are scant, skinny.

in these palustral homes we only

croak and wither.





mornings dissipate in somnolence.

the sun brightens tardily

among the pithless reeds. flies fail us.

the fen sickens.





frost drops even the spider. clearly

the genius of plenitude

houses himself elsewhere. our folk thin

lamentably.





mussel hunter at rock harbor





i came before the water-

colorists came to get the

good of the cape light that scours

sand grit to sided crystal

and buffs and sleeks the blunt hulls

of the three fishing smacks beached

on the bank of the river’s





backtracking tail. i’d come for

free fish-bait: the blue mussels

clumped like bulbs at the grass-root

margin of the tidal pools.

dawn tide stood dead low. i smelt

mud stench, shell guts, gulls’ leavings;

heard a queer crusty scrabble





cease, and i neared the silenced

edge of a cratered pool-bed.

the mussels hung dull blue and

conspicuous, yet it seemed

a sly world’s hinges had swung

shut against me. all held still.

though i counted scant seconds,





enough ages lapsed to win

confidence of safe-conduct

in the wary otherworld

eyeing me. grass put forth claws;

small mud knobs, nudged from under,

displaced their domes as tiny

knights might doff their casques. the crabs





inched from their pygmy burrows

and from the trench-dug mud, all

camouflaged in mottled mail

of browns and greens. each wore one

claw swollen to a shield large

as itself—no fiddler’s arm

grown gargantuan by trade,





but grown grimly, and grimly

borne, for a use beyond my

guessing of it. sibilant

mass-motived hordes, they sidled

out in a converging stream

toward the pool-mouth, perhaps to

meet the thin and sluggish thread





of sea retracing its tide-

way up the river-basin.

or to avoid me. they moved

obliquely with a dry-wet

sound, with a glittery wisp

and trickle. could they feel mud

pleasurable under claws





as i could between bare toes?

that question ended it—i

stood shut out, for once, for all,

puzzling the passage of their

absolutely alien

order as i might puzzle

at the clear tail of halley’s





comet coolly giving my

orbit the go-by, made known

by a family name it

knew nothing of. so the crabs

went about their business, which

wasn’t fiddling, and i filled

a big handkerchief with blue





mussels. from what the crabs saw,

if they could see, i was one

two-legged mussel-picker.

high on the airy thatching

of the dense grasses i found

the husk of a fiddler-crab,

intact, strangely strayed above





his world of mud—green color

and innards bleached and blown off

somewhere by much sun and wind;

there was no telling if he’d

died recluse or suicide

or headstrong columbus crab.

the crab-face, etched and set there,





grimaced as skulls grimace: it

had an oriental look,

a samurai death mask done

on a tiger tooth, less for

art’s sake than god’s. far from sea—

where red-freckled crab-backs, claws

and whole crabs, dead, their soggy





bellies pallid and upturned,

perform their shambling waltzes

on the waves’ dissolving turn

and return, losing themselves

bit by bit to their friendly

element—this relic saved

face, to face the bald-faced sun.





the beekeeper’s daughter





a garden of mouthings. purple, scarlet-speckled, black

the great corollas dilate, peeling back their silks.

their musk encroaches, circle after circle,

a well of scents almost too dense to breathe in.

hieratical in your frock coat, maestro of the bees,

you move among the many-breasted hives,





my heart under your foot, sister of a stone.





trumpet-throats open to the beaks of birds.

the golden rain tree drips its powders down.

in these little boudoirs streaked with orange and red

the anthers nod their heads, potent as kings

to father dynasties. the air is rich.

here is a queenship no mother can contest—





a fruit that’s death to taste: dark flesh, dark parings.





in burrows narrow as a finger, solitary bees

keep house among the grasses. kneeling down

i set my eye to a hole-mouth and meet an eye

round, green, disconsolate as a tear.

father, bridegroom, in this easter egg

under the coronal of sugar roses





the queen bee marries the winter of your year.





the times are tidy





unlucky the hero born

in this province of the stuck record

where the most watchful cooks go jobless

and the mayor’s rôtisserie turns

round of its own accord.





there’s no career in the venture

of riding against the lizard,

himself withered these latter-days

to leaf-size from lack of action:

history’s beaten the hazard.





the last crone got burnt up

more than eight decades back

with the love-hot herb, the talking cat,

but the children are better for it,

the cow milk’s cream an inch thick.





the burnt-out spa





an old beast ended in this place:





a monster of wood and rusty teeth.

fire smelted his eyes to lumps

of pale blue vitreous stuff, opaque

as resin drops oozed from pine bark.





the rafters and struts of his body wear

their char of karakul still. i can’t tell

how long his carcass has foundered under

the rubbish of summers, the black-leaved falls.





now little weeds insinuate

soft suede tongues between his bones.

his armorplate, his toppled stones

are an esplanade for crickets.





i pick and pry like a doctor or

archæologist among

iron entrails, enamel bowls,

the coils and pipes that made him run.





the small dell eats what ate it once.

and yet the ichor of the spring

proceeds clear as it ever did

from the broken throat, the marshy lip.





it flows off below the green and white

balustrade of a sag-backed bridge.

leaning over, i encounter one

blue and improbable person





framed in a basketwork of cattails.

o she is gracious and austere,

seated beneath the toneless water!

it is not i, it is not i.





no animal spoils on her green door-step.

and we shall never enter there

where the durable ones keep house.

the stream that hustles us





neither nourishes nor heals.





sculptor





for leonard baskin


to his house the bodiless

come to barter endlessly

vision, wisdom, for bodies

palpable as his, and weighty.





hands moving move priestlier

than priest’s hands, invoke no vain

images of light and air

but sure stations in bronze, wood, stone.





obdurate, in dense-grained wood,

a bald angel blocks and shapes

the flimsy light; arms folded

watches his cumbrous world eclipse





inane worlds of wind and cloud.

bronze dead dominate the floor,

resistive, ruddy-bodied,

dwarfing us. our bodies flicker





toward extinction in those eyes

which, without him, were beggared

of place, time, and their bodies.

emulous spirits make discord,





try entry, enter nightmares

until his chisel bequeaths

them life livelier than ours,

a solider repose than death’s.





flute notes from a reedy pond





now coldness comes sifting down, layer after layer,

to our bower at the lily root.

overhead the old umbrellas of summer

wither like pithless hands. there is little shelter.





hourly the eye of the sky enlarges its blank

dominion. the stars are no nearer.

already frog-mouth and fish-mouth drink

the liquor of indolence, and all things sink





into a soft caul of forgetfulness.

the fugitive colors die.

caddis worms drowse in their silk cases,

the lamp-headed nymphs are nodding to sleep like statues.





puppets, loosed from the strings of the puppet-master,

wear masks of horn to bed.

this is not death, it is something safer.

the wingy myths won’t tug at us any more:





the molts are tongueless that sang from above the water

of golgotha at the tip of a reed,

and how a god flimsy as a baby’s finger

shall unhusk himself and steer into the air.





the stones





this is the city where men are mended.

i lie on a great anvil.

the flat blue sky-circle





flew off like the hat of a doll

when i fell out of the light. i entered

the stomach of indifference, the wordless cupboard.





the mother of pestles diminished me.

i became a still pebble.

the stones of the belly were peaceable,





the head-stone quiet, jostled by nothing.

only the mouth-hole piped out,

importunate cricket





in a quarry of silences.

the people of the city heard it.

they hunted the stones, taciturn and separate,





the mouth-hole crying their locations.

drunk as a fetus

i suck at the paps of darkness.





the food tubes embrace me. sponges kiss my lichens away.

the jewelmaster drives his chisel to pry

open one stone eye.





this is the after-hell: i see the light.

a wind unstoppers the chamber

of the ear, old worrier.





water mollifies the flint lip,

and daylight lays its sameness on the wall.

the grafters are cheerful,





heating the pincers, hoisting the delicate hammers.

a current agitates the wires

volt upon volt. catgut stitches my fissures.





a workman walks by carrying a pink torso.

the storerooms are full of hearts.

this is the city of spare parts.





my swaddled legs and arms smell sweet as rubber.

here they can doctor heads, or any limb.

on fridays the little children come





to trade their hooks for hands.

dead men leave eyes for others.

love is the uniform of my bald nurse.





love is the bone and sinew of my curse.

the vase, reconstructed, houses

the elusive rose.





ten fingers shape a bowl for shadows.

my mendings itch. there is nothing to do.

i shall be good as new.

[leaves of grass by walt whitman 1855]


come, said my soul,
such verses for my body let us write, (for we are one,)
that should i after return,
or, long, long hence, in other spheres,
there to some group of mates the chants resuming,
(tallying earths soil, trees, winds, tumultuous waves,)
ever with pleasd smile i may keep on,
ever and ever yet the verses owning--as, first, i here and now
signing for soul and body, set to them my name,

walt whitman



[book i.  inscriptions]

}  ones-self i sing

ones-self i sing, a simple separate person,
yet utter the word democratic, the word en-masse.

of physiology from top to toe i sing,
not physiognomy alone nor brain alone is worthy for the muse, i say
    the form complete is worthier far,
the female equally with the male i sing.

of life immense in passion, pulse, and power,
cheerful, for freest action formd under the laws divine,
the modern man i sing.



}  as i ponderd in silence

as i ponderd in silence,
returning upon my poems, considering, lingering long,
a phantom arose before me with distrustful aspect,
terrible in beauty, age, and power,
the genius of poets of old lands,
as to me directing like flame its eyes,
with finger pointing to many immortal songs,
and menacing voice, what singest thou? it said,
knowst thou not there is hut one theme for ever-enduring bards?
and that is the theme of war, the fortune of battles,
the making of perfect soldiers.

be it so, then i answerd,
i too haughty shade also sing war, and a longer and greater one than any,
waged in my book with varying fortune, with flight, advance
    and retreat, victory deferrd and wavering,
(yet methinks certain, or as good as certain, at the last,) the
    field the world,
for life and death, for the body and for the eternal soul,
lo, i too am come, chanting the chant of battles,
i above all promote brave soldiers.



}  in cabind ships at sea

in cabind ships at sea,
the boundless blue on every side expanding,
with whistling winds and music of the waves, the large imperious waves,
or some lone bark buoyd on the dense marine,
where joyous full of faith, spreading white sails,
she cleaves the ether mid the sparkle and the foam of day, or under
    many a star at night,
by sailors young and old haply will i, a reminiscence of the land, be read,
in full rapport at last.

here are our thoughts, voyagers thoughts,
here not the land, firm land, alone appears, may then by them be said,
the sky oerarches here, we feel the undulating deck beneath our feet,
we feel the long pulsation, ebb and flow of endless motion,
the tones of unseen mystery, the vague and vast suggestions of the
    briny world, the liquid-flowing syllables,
the perfume, the faint creaking of the cordage, the melancholy rhythm,
the boundless vista and the horizon far and dim are all here,
and this is oceans poem.

then falter not o book, fulfil your destiny,
you not a reminiscence of the land alone,
you too as a lone bark cleaving the ether, purposd i know not
    whither, yet ever full of faith,
consort to every ship that sails, sail you!
bear forth to them folded my love, (dear mariners, for you i fold it
    here in every leaf;)
speed on my book! spread your white sails my little bark athwart the
    imperious waves,
chant on, sail on, bear oer the boundless blue from me to every sea,
this song for mariners and all their ships.



}  to foreign lands

i heard that you askd for something to prove this puzzle the new world,
and to define america, her athletic democracy,
therefore i send you my poems that you behold in them what you wanted.



}  to a historian

you who celebrate bygones,
who have explored the outward, the surfaces of the races, the life
    that has exhibited itself,
who have treated of man as the creature of politics, aggregates,
    rulers and priests,
i, habitan of the alleghanies, treating of him as he is in himself
    in his own rights,
pressing the pulse of the life that has seldom exhibited itself,
    (the great pride of man in himself,)
chanter of personality, outlining what is yet to be,
i project the history of the future.



}  to thee old cause

to thee old cause!
thou peerless, passionate, good cause,
thou stern, remorseless, sweet idea,
deathless throughout the ages, races, lands,
after a strange sad war, great war for thee,
(i think all war through time was really fought, and ever will be
    really fought, for thee,)
these chants for thee, the eternal march of thee.

(a war o soldiers not for itself alone,
far, far more stood silently waiting behind, now to advance in this book.)

thou orb of many orbs!
thou seething principle! thou well-kept, latent germ! thou centre!
around the idea of thee the war revolving,
with all its angry and vehement play of causes,
(with vast results to come for thrice a thousand years,)
these recitatives for thee,--my book and the war are one,
merged in its spirit i and mine, as the contest hinged on thee,
as a wheel on its axis turns, this book unwitting to itself,
around the idea of thee.



}  eidolons

     i met a seer,
passing the hues and objects of the world,
the fields of art and learning, pleasure, sense,
     to glean eidolons.

     put in thy chants said he,
no more the puzzling hour nor day, nor segments, parts, put in,
put first before the rest as light for all and entrance-song of all,
     that of eidolons.

     ever the dim beginning,
ever the growth, the rounding of the circle,
ever the summit and the merge at last, (to surely start again,)
     eidolons! eidolons!

     ever the mutable,
ever materials, changing, crumbling, re-cohering,
ever the ateliers, the factories divine,
     issuing eidolons.

     lo, i or you,
or woman, man, or state, known or unknown,
we seeming solid wealth, strength, beauty build,
     but really build eidolons.

     the ostent evanescent,
the substance of an artists mood or savans studies long,
or warriors, martyrs, heros toils,
     to fashion his eidolon.

     of every human life,
(the units gatherd, posted, not a thought, emotion, deed, left out,)
the whole or large or small summd, added up,
     in its eidolon.

     the old, old urge,
based on the ancient pinnacles, lo, newer, higher pinnacles,
from science and the modern still impelld,
     the old, old urge, eidolons.

     the present now and here,
americas busy, teeming, intricate whirl,
of aggregate and segregate for only thence releasing,
     to-days eidolons.

     these with the past,
of vanishd lands, of all the reigns of kings across the sea,
old conquerors, old campaigns, old sailors voyages,
     joining eidolons.

     densities, growth, facades,
strata of mountains, soils, rocks, giant trees,
far-born, far-dying, living long, to leave,
     eidolons everlasting.

     exalte, rapt, ecstatic,
the visible but their womb of birth,
of orbic tendencies to shape and shape and shape,
     the mighty earth-eidolon.

     all space, all time,
(the stars, the terrible perturbations of the suns,
swelling, collapsing, ending, serving their longer, shorter use,)
     filld with eidolons only.

     the noiseless myriads,
the infinite oceans where the rivers empty,
the separate countless free identities, like eyesight,
     the true realities, eidolons.

     not this the world,
nor these the universes, they the universes,
purport and end, ever the permanent life of life,
     eidolons, eidolons.

     beyond thy lectures learnd professor,
beyond thy telescope or spectroscope observer keen, beyond all mathematics,
beyond the doctors surgery, anatomy, beyond the chemist with his chemistry,
     the entities of entities, eidolons.

     unfixd yet fixd,
ever shall be, ever have been and are,
sweeping the present to the infinite future,
     eidolons, eidolons, eidolons.

     the prophet and the bard,
shall yet maintain themselves, in higher stages yet,
shall mediate to the modern, to democracy, interpret yet to them,
     god and eidolons.

     and thee my soul,
joys, ceaseless exercises, exaltations,
thy yearning amply fed at last, prepared to meet,
     thy mates, eidolons.

     thy body permanent,
the body lurking there within thy body,
the only purport of the form thou art, the real i myself,
     an image, an eidolon.

     thy very songs not in thy songs,
no special strains to sing, none for itself,
but from the whole resulting, rising at last and floating,
     a round full-orbd eidolon.



}  for him i sing

for him i sing,
i raise the present on the past,
(as some perennial tree out of its roots, the present on the past,)
with time and space i him dilate and fuse the immortal laws,
to make himself by them the law unto himself.



}  when i read the book

when i read the book, the biography famous,
and is this then (said i) what the author calls a mans life?
and so will some one when i am dead and gone write my life?
(as if any man really knew aught of my life,
why even i myself i often think know little or nothing of my real life,
only a few hints, a few diffused faint clews and indirections
i seek for my own use to trace out here.)



}  beginning my studies

beginning my studies the first step pleasd me so much,
the mere fact consciousness, these forms, the power of motion,
the least insect or animal, the senses, eyesight, love,
the first step i say awed me and pleasd me so much,
i have hardly gone and hardly wishd to go any farther,
but stop and loiter all the time to sing it in ecstatic songs.



}  beginners

how they are provided for upon the earth, (appearing at intervals,)
how dear and dreadful they are to the earth,
how they inure to themselves as much as to any--what a paradox
    appears their age,
how people respond to them, yet know them not,
how there is something relentless in their fate all times,
how all times mischoose the objects of their adulation and reward,
and how the same inexorable price must still be paid for the same
    great purchase.



}  to the states

to the states or any one of them, or any city of the states, resist
    much, obey little,
once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved,
once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever
    afterward resumes its liberty.



}  on journeys through the states

on journeys through the states we start,
(ay through the world, urged by these songs,
sailing henceforth to every land, to every sea,)
we willing learners of all, teachers of all, and lovers of all.

we have watchd the seasons dispensing themselves and passing on,
and have said, why should not a man or woman do as much as the
    seasons, and effuse as much?

we dwell a while in every city and town,
we pass through kanada, the north-east, the vast valley of the
    mississippi, and the southern states,
we confer on equal terms with each of the states,
we make trial of ourselves and invite men and women to hear,
we say to ourselves, remember, fear not, be candid, promulge the
    body and the soul,
dwell a while and pass on, be copious, temperate, chaste, magnetic,
and what you effuse may then return as the seasons return,
and may be just as much as the seasons.



}  to a certain cantatrice

here, take this gift,
i was reserving it for some hero, speaker, or general,
one who should serve the good old cause, the great idea, the
    progress and freedom of the race,
some brave confronter of despots, some daring rebel;
but i see that what i was reserving belongs to you just as much as to any.



}  me imperturbe

me imperturbe, standing at ease in nature,
master of all or mistress of all, aplomb in the midst of irrational things,
imbued as they, passive, receptive, silent as they,
finding my occupation, poverty, notoriety, foibles, crimes, less
    important than i thought,
me toward the mexican sea, or in the mannahatta or the tennessee,
    or far north or inland,
a river man, or a man of the woods or of any farm-life of these
    states or of the coast, or the lakes or kanada,
me wherever my life is lived, o to be self-balanced for contingencies,
to confront night, storms, hunger, ridicule, accidents, rebuffs, as
    the trees and animals do.



}  savantism

thither as i look i see each result and glory retracing itself and
    nestling close, always obligated,
thither hours, months, years--thither trades, compacts,
    establishments, even the most minute,
thither every-day life, speech, utensils, politics, persons, estates;
thither we also, i with my leaves and songs, trustful, admirant,
as a father to his father going takes his children along with him.



}  the ship starting

lo, the unbounded sea,
on its breast a ship starting, spreading all sails, carrying even
    her moonsails.
the pennant is flying aloft as she speeds she speeds so stately--
    below emulous waves press forward,
they surround the ship with shining curving motions and foam.



}  i hear america singing

i hear america singing, the varied carols i hear,
those of mechanics, each one singing his as it should be blithe and strong,
the carpenter singing his as he measures his plank or beam,
the mason singing his as he makes ready for work, or leaves off work,
the boatman singing what belongs to him in his boat, the deckhand
    singing on the steamboat deck,
the shoemaker singing as he sits on his bench, the hatter singing as
    he stands,
the wood-cutters song, the ploughboys on his way in the morning,
    or at noon intermission or at sundown,
the delicious singing of the mother, or of the young wife at work,
    or of the girl sewing or washing,
each singing what belongs to him or her and to none else,
the day what belongs to the day--at night the party of young
    fellows, robust, friendly,
singing with open mouths their strong melodious songs.



}  what place is besieged?

what place is besieged, and vainly tries to raise the siege?
lo, i send to that place a commander, swift, brave, immortal,
and with him horse and foot, and parks of artillery,
and artillery-men, the deadliest that ever fired gun.



}  still though the one i sing

still though the one i sing,
(one, yet of contradictions made,) i dedicate to nationality,
i leave in him revolt, (o latent right of insurrection! o
    quenchless, indispensable fire!)



}  shut not your doors

shut not your doors to me proud libraries,
for that which was lacking on all your well-filld shelves, yet
    needed most, i bring,
forth from the war emerging, a book i have made,
the words of my book nothing, the drift of it every thing,
a book separate, not linkd with the rest nor felt by the intellect,
but you ye untold latencies will thrill to every page.



}  poets to come

poets to come! orators, singers, musicians to come!
not to-day is to justify me and answer what i am for,
but you, a new brood, native, athletic, continental, greater than
    before known,
arouse! for you must justify me.

i myself but write one or two indicative words for the future,
i but advance a moment only to wheel and hurry back in the darkness.

i am a man who, sauntering along without fully stopping, turns a
    casual look upon you and then averts his face,
leaving it to you to prove and define it,
expecting the main things from you.



}  to you

stranger, if you passing meet me and desire to speak to me, why
    should you not speak to me?
and why should i not speak to you?



}  thou reader

thou reader throbbest life and pride and love the same as i,
therefore for thee the following chants.



[book ii]

}  starting from paumanok

     1
starting from fish-shape paumanok where i was born,
well-begotten, and raisd by a perfect mother,
after roaming many lands, lover of populous pavements,
dweller in mannahatta my city, or on southern savannas,
or a soldier campd or carrying my knapsack and gun, or a miner 
    in california,
or rude in my home in dakotas woods, my diet meat, my drink from 
    the spring,
or withdrawn to muse and meditate in some deep recess,
far from the clank of crowds intervals passing rapt and happy,
aware of the fresh free giver the flowing missouri, aware of 
    mighty niagara,
aware of the buffalo herds grazing the plains, the hirsute and
    strong-breasted bull,
of earth, rocks, fifth-month flowers experienced, stars, rain, snow,
    my amaze,
having studied the mocking-birds tones and the flight of the
    mountain-hawk,
and heard at dawn the unrivalld one, the hermit thrush from the
    swamp-cedars,
solitary, singing in the west, i strike up for a new world.

     2
victory, union, faith, identity, time,
the indissoluble compacts, riches, mystery,
eternal progress, the kosmos, and the modern reports.
this then is life,
here is what has come to the surface after so many throes and convulsions.

how curious! how real!
underfoot the divine soil, overhead the sun.

see revolving the globe,
the ancestor-continents away groupd together,
the present and future continents north and south, with the isthmus
    between.

see, vast trackless spaces,
as in a dream they change, they swiftly fill,
countless masses debouch upon them,
they are now coverd with the foremost people, arts, institutions, known.

see, projected through time,
for me an audience interminable.

with firm and regular step they wend, they never stop,
successions of men, americanos, a hundred millions,
one generation playing its part and passing on,
another generation playing its part and passing on in its turn,
with faces turnd sideways or backward towards me to listen,
with eyes retrospective towards me.

     3
americanos! conquerors! marches humanitarian!
foremost! century marches! libertad! masses!
for you a programme of chants.

chants of the prairies,
chants of the long-running mississippi, and down to the mexican sea,
chants of ohio, indiana, illinois, iowa, wisconsin and minnesota,
chants going forth from the centre from kansas, and thence equidistant,
shooting in pulses of fire ceaseless to vivify all.

     4
take my leaves america, take them south and take them north,
make welcome for them everywhere, for they are your own off-spring,
surround them east and west, for they would surround you,
and you precedents, connect lovingly with them, for they connect
    lovingly with you.

i connd old times,
i sat studying at the feet of the great masters,
now if eligible o that the great masters might return and study me.

in the name of these states shall i scorn the antique?
why these are the children of the antique to justify it.

     5
dead poets, philosophs, priests,
martyrs, artists, inventors, governments long since,
language-shapers on other shores,
nations once powerful, now reduced, withdrawn, or desolate,
i dare not proceed till i respectfully credit what you have left
    wafted hither,
i have perused it, own it is admirable, (moving awhile among it,)
think nothing can ever be greater, nothing can ever deserve more
    than it deserves,
regarding it all intently a long while, then dismissing it,
i stand in my place with my own day here.

here lands female and male,
here the heir-ship and heiress-ship of the world, here the flame of
    materials,
here spirituality the translatress, the openly-avowd,
the ever-tending, the finale of visible forms,
the satisfier, after due long-waiting now advancing,
yes here comes my mistress the soul.

     6
the soul,
forever and forever--longer than soil is brown and solid--longer
    than water ebbs and flows.
i will make the poems of materials, for i think they are to be the
    most spiritual poems,
and i will make the poems of my body and of mortality,
for i think i shall then supply myself with the poems of my soul and
    of immortality.

i will make a song for these states that no one state may under any
    circumstances be subjected to another state,
and i will make a song that there shall be comity by day and by
    night between all the states, and between any two of them,
and i will make a song for the ears of the president, full of
    weapons with menacing points,
and behind the weapons countless dissatisfied faces;
and a song make i of the one formd out of all,
the fangd and glittering one whose head is over all,
resolute warlike one including and over all,
(however high the head of any else that head is over all.)

i will acknowledge contemporary lands,
i will trail the whole geography of the globe and salute courteously
    every city large and small,
and employments! i will put in my poems that with you is heroism
    upon land and sea,
and i will report all heroism from an american point of view.

i will sing the song of companionship,
i will show what alone must finally compact these,
i believe these are to found their own ideal of manly love,
    indicating it in me,
i will therefore let flame from me the burning fires that were
    threatening to consume me,
i will lift what has too long kept down those smouldering fires,
i will give them complete abandonment,
i will write the evangel-poem of comrades and of love,
for who but i should understand love with all its sorrow and joy?
and who but i should be the poet of comrades?

     7
i am the credulous man of qualities, ages, races,
i advance from the people in their own spirit,
here is what sings unrestricted faith.

omnes! omnes! let others ignore what they may,
i make the poem of evil also, i commemorate that part also,
i am myself just as much evil as good, and my nation is--and i say
    there is in fact no evil,
(or if there is i say it is just as important to you, to the land or
    to me, as any thing else.)

i too, following many and followd by many, inaugurate a religion, i
    descend into the arena,
(it may be i am destind to utter the loudest cries there, the
    winners pealing shouts,
who knows? they may rise from me yet, and soar above every thing.)

each is not for its own sake,
i say the whole earth and all the stars in the sky are for religions sake.

i say no man has ever yet been half devout enough,
none has ever yet adored or worshipd half enough,
none has begun to think how divine he himself is, and how certain
    the future is.

i say that the real and permanent grandeur of these states must be
    their religion,
otherwise there is just no real and permanent grandeur;
(nor character nor life worthy the name without religion,
nor land nor man or woman without religion.)

     8
what are you doing young man?
are you so earnest, so given up to literature, science, art, amours?
these ostensible realities, politics, points?
your ambition or business whatever it may be?

it is well--against such i say not a word, i am their poet also,
but behold! such swiftly subside, burnt up for religions sake,
for not all matter is fuel to heat, impalpable flame, the essential
    life of the earth,
any more than such are to religion.

     9
what do you seek so pensive and silent?
what do you need camerado?
dear son do you think it is love?

listen dear son--listen america, daughter or son,
it is a painful thing to love a man or woman to excess, and yet it
    satisfies, it is great,
but there is something else very great, it makes the whole coincide,
it, magnificent, beyond materials, with continuous hands sweeps and
    provides for all.

     10
know you, solely to drop in the earth the germs of a greater religion,
the following chants each for its kind i sing.

my comrade!
for you to share with me two greatnesses, and a third one rising
    inclusive and more resplendent,
the greatness of love and democracy, and the greatness of religion.

melange mine own, the unseen and the seen,
mysterious ocean where the streams empty,
prophetic spirit of materials shifting and flickering around me,
living beings, identities now doubtless near us in the air that we
    know not of,
contact daily and hourly that will not release me,
these selecting, these in hints demanded of me.

not he with a daily kiss onward from childhood kissing me,
has winded and twisted around me that which holds me to him,
any more than i am held to the heavens and all the spiritual world,
after what they have done to me, suggesting themes.

o such themes--equalities! o divine average!
warblings under the sun, usherd as now, or at noon, or setting,
strains musical flowing through ages, now reaching hither,
i take to your reckless and composite chords, add to them, and
    cheerfully pass them forward.

     11
as i have walkd in alabama my morning walk,
i have seen where the she-bird the mocking-bird sat on her nest in
    the briers hatching her brood.

i have seen the he-bird also,
i have pausd to hear him near at hand inflating his throat and
    joyfully singing.

and while i pausd it came to me that what he really sang for was
    not there only,
nor for his mate nor himself only, nor all sent back by the echoes,
but subtle, clandestine, away beyond,
a charge transmitted and gift occult for those being born.

     12
democracy! near at hand to you a throat is now inflating itself and
    joyfully singing.

ma femme! for the brood beyond us and of us,
for those who belong here and those to come,
i exultant to be ready for them will now shake out carols stronger
    and haughtier than have ever yet been heard upon earth.

i will make the songs of passion to give them their way,
and your songs outlawd offenders, for i scan you with kindred eyes,
    and carry you with me the same as any.

i will make the true poem of riches,
to earn for the body and the mind whatever adheres and goes forward
    and is not dropt by death;
i will effuse egotism and show it underlying all, and i will be the
    bard of personality,
and i will show of male and female that either is but the equal of
    the other,
and sexual organs and acts! do you concentrate in me, for i am determind
    to tell you with courageous clear voice to prove you illustrious,
and i will show that there is no imperfection in the present, and
    can be none in the future,
and i will show that whatever happens to anybody it may be turnd to
    beautiful results,
and i will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death,
and i will thread a thread through my poems that time and events are
    compact,
and that all the things of the universe are perfect miracles, each
    as profound as any.

i will not make poems with reference to parts,
but i will make poems, songs, thoughts, with reference to ensemble,
and i will not sing with reference to a day, but with reference to
    all days,
and i will not make a poem nor the least part of a poem but has
    reference to the soul,
because having lookd at the objects of the universe, i find there
    is no one nor any particle of one but has reference to the soul.

     13
was somebody asking to see the soul?
see, your own shape and countenance, persons, substances, beasts,
    the trees, the running rivers, the rocks and sands.

all hold spiritual joys and afterwards loosen them;
how can the real body ever die and be buried?

of your real body and any mans or womans real body,
item for item it will elude the hands of the corpse-cleaners and
    pass to fitting spheres,
carrying what has accrued to it from the moment of birth to the
    moment of death.

not the types set up by the printer return their impression, the
    meaning, the main concern,
any more than a mans substance and life or a womans substance and
    life return in the body and the soul,
indifferently before death and after death.

behold, the body includes and is the meaning, the main concern and
    includes and is the soul;
whoever you are, how superb and how divine is your body, or any part
    of it!

     14
whoever you are, to you endless announcements!

daughter of the lands did you wait for your poet?
did you wait for one with a flowing mouth and indicative hand?
toward the male of the states, and toward the female of the states,
exulting words, words to democracys lands.

interlinkd, food-yielding lands!
land of coal and iron! land of gold! land of cotton, sugar, rice!
land of wheat, beef, pork! land of wool and hemp! land of the apple
    and the grape!
land of the pastoral plains, the grass-fields of the world! land of
    those sweet-aird interminable plateaus!
land of the herd, the garden, the healthy house of adobie!
lands where the north-west columbia winds, and where the south-west
    colorado winds!
land of the eastern chesapeake! land of the delaware!
land of ontario, erie, huron, michigan!
land of the old thirteen! massachusetts land! land of vermont and
    connecticut!
land of the ocean shores! land of sierras and peaks!
land of boatmen and sailors! fishermens land!
inextricable lands! the clutchd together! the passionate ones!
the side by side! the elder and younger brothers! the bony-limbd!
the great womens land! the feminine! the experienced sisters and
    the inexperienced sisters!
far breathd land! arctic braced! mexican breezd! the diverse! the
    compact!
the pennsylvanian! the virginian! the double carolinian!
o all and each well-loved by me! my intrepid nations! o i at any
    rate include you all with perfect love!
i cannot be discharged from you! not from one any sooner than another!
o death! o for all that, i am yet of you unseen this hour with
    irrepressible love,
walking new england, a friend, a traveler,
splashing my bare feet in the edge of the summer ripples on
    paumanoks sands,
crossing the prairies, dwelling again in chicago, dwelling in every town,
observing shows, births, improvements, structures, arts,
listening to orators and oratresses in public halls,
of and through the states as during life, each man and woman my neighbor,
the louisianian, the georgian, as near to me, and i as near to him and her,
the mississippian and arkansian yet with me, and i yet with any of them,
yet upon the plains west of the spinal river, yet in my house of adobie,
yet returning eastward, yet in the seaside state or in maryland,
yet kanadian cheerily braving the winter, the snow and ice welcome to me,
yet a true son either of maine or of the granite state, or the
    narragansett bay state, or the empire state,
yet sailing to other shores to annex the same, yet welcoming every
    new brother,
hereby applying these leaves to the new ones from the hour they
    unite with the old ones,
coming among the new ones myself to be their companion and equal,
    coming personally to you now,
enjoining you to acts, characters, spectacles, with me.

     15
with me with firm holding, yet haste, haste on.
for your life adhere to me,
(i may have to be persuaded many times before i consent to give
    myself really to you, but what of that?
must not nature be persuaded many times?)

no dainty dolce affettuoso i,
bearded, sun-burnt, gray-neckd, forbidding, i have arrived,
to be wrestled with as i pass for the solid prizes of the universe,
for such i afford whoever can persevere to win them.

     16
on my way a moment i pause,
here for you! and here for america!
still the present i raise aloft, still the future of the states i
    harbinge glad and sublime,
and for the past i pronounce what the air holds of the red aborigines.

the red aborigines,
leaving natural breaths, sounds of rain and winds, calls as of birds
    and animals in the woods, syllabled to us for names,
okonee, koosa, ottawa, monongahela, sauk, natchez, chattahoochee,
    kaqueta, oronoco,
wabash, miami, saginaw, chippewa, oshkosh, walla-walla,
leaving such to the states they melt, they depart, charging the
    water and the land with names.

     17
expanding and swift, henceforth,
elements, breeds, adjustments, turbulent, quick and audacious,
a world primal again, vistas of glory incessant and branching,
a new race dominating previous ones and grander far, with new contests,
new politics, new literatures and religions, new inventions and arts.

these, my voice announcing--i will sleep no more but arise,
you oceans that have been calm within me! how i feel you,
    fathomless, stirring, preparing unprecedented waves and storms.

     18
see, steamers steaming through my poems,
see, in my poems immigrants continually coming and landing,
see, in arriere, the wigwam, the trail, the hunters hut, the flat-boat,
    the maize-leaf, the claim, the rude fence, and the backwoods village,
see, on the one side the western sea and on the other the eastern sea,
    how they advance and retreat upon my poems as upon their own shores,
see, pastures and forests in my poems--see, animals wild and tame--see,
    beyond the kaw, countless herds of buffalo feeding on short curly grass,
see, in my poems, cities, solid, vast, inland, with paved streets,
    with iron and stone edifices, ceaseless vehicles, and commerce,
see, the many-cylinderd steam printing-press--see, the electric
    telegraph stretching across the continent,
see, through atlanticas depths pulses american europe reaching,
    pulses of europe duly returnd,
see, the strong and quick locomotive as it departs, panting, blowing
    the steam-whistle,
see, ploughmen ploughing farms--see, miners digging mines--see,
    the numberless factories,
see, mechanics busy at their benches with tools--see from among them
    superior judges, philosophs, presidents, emerge, drest in
    working dresses,
see, lounging through the shops and fields of the states, me
    well-belovd, close-held by day and night,
hear the loud echoes of my songs there--read the hints come at last.

     19
o camerado close! o you and me at last, and us two only.
o a word to clear ones path ahead endlessly!
o something ecstatic and undemonstrable! o music wild!
o now i triumph--and you shall also;
o hand in hand--o wholesome pleasure--o one more desirer and lover!
o to haste firm holding--to haste, haste on with me.



[book iii]

}  song of myself

     1
i celebrate myself, and sing myself,
and what i assume you shall assume,
for every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.

i loafe and invite my soul,
i lean and loafe at my ease observing a spear of summer grass.

my tongue, every atom of my blood, formd from this soil, this air,
born here of parents born here from parents the same, and their
    parents the same,
i, now thirty-seven years old in perfect health begin,
hoping to cease not till death.

creeds and schools in abeyance,
retiring back a while sufficed at what they are, but never forgotten,
i harbor for good or bad, i permit to speak at every hazard,
nature without check with original energy.

     2
houses and rooms are full of perfumes, the shelves are crowded with
    perfumes,
i breathe the fragrance myself and know it and like it,
the distillation would intoxicate me also, but i shall not let it.

the atmosphere is not a perfume, it has no taste of the
    distillation, it is odorless,
it is for my mouth forever, i am in love with it,
i will go to the bank by the wood and become undisguised and naked,
i am mad for it to be in contact with me.

the smoke of my own breath,
echoes, ripples, buzzd whispers, love-root, silk-thread, crotch and vine,
my respiration and inspiration, the beating of my heart, the passing
    of blood and air through my lungs,
the sniff of green leaves and dry leaves, and of the shore and
    dark-colord sea-rocks, and of hay in the barn,

the sound of the belchd words of my voice loosd to the eddies of
    the wind,
a few light kisses, a few embraces, a reaching around of arms,
the play of shine and shade on the trees as the supple boughs wag,
the delight alone or in the rush of the streets, or along the fields
    and hill-sides,
the feeling of health, the full-noon trill, the song of me rising
    from bed and meeting the sun.

have you reckond a thousand acres much? have you reckond the earth much?
have you practisd so long to learn to read?
have you felt so proud to get at the meaning of poems?

stop this day and night with me and you shall possess the origin of
    all poems,
you shall possess the good of the earth and sun, (there are millions
    of suns left,)
you shall no longer take things at second or third hand, nor look through
    the eyes of the dead, nor feed on the spectres in books,
you shall not look through my eyes either, nor take things from me,
you shall listen to all sides and filter them from your self.

     3
i have heard what the talkers were talking, the talk of the
    beginning and the end,
but i do not talk of the beginning or the end.

there was never any more inception than there is now,
nor any more youth or age than there is now,
and will never be any more perfection than there is now,
nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.

urge and urge and urge,
always the procreant urge of the world.

out of the dimness opposite equals advance, always substance and
    increase, always sex,
always a knit of identity, always distinction, always a breed of life.
to elaborate is no avail, learnd and unlearnd feel that it is so.

sure as the most certain sure, plumb in the uprights, well
    entretied, braced in the beams,
stout as a horse, affectionate, haughty, electrical,
i and this mystery here we stand.

clear and sweet is my soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not my soul.

lack one lacks both, and the unseen is proved by the seen,
till that becomes unseen and receives proof in its turn.

showing the best and dividing it from the worst age vexes age,
knowing the perfect fitness and equanimity of things, while they
    discuss i am silent, and go bathe and admire myself.

welcome is every organ and attribute of me, and of any man hearty and clean,
not an inch nor a particle of an inch is vile, and none shall be
    less familiar than the rest.

i am satisfied--i see, dance, laugh, sing;
as the hugging and loving bed-fellow sleeps at my side through the night,
    and withdraws at the peep of the day with stealthy tread,
leaving me baskets coverd with white towels swelling the house with
    their plenty,
shall i postpone my acceptation and realization and scream at my eyes,
that they turn from gazing after and down the road,
and forthwith cipher and show me to a cent,
exactly the value of one and exactly the value of two, and which is ahead?

     4
trippers and askers surround me,
people i meet, the effect upon me of my early life or the ward and
    city i live in, or the nation,
the latest dates, discoveries, inventions, societies, authors old and new,
my dinner, dress, associates, looks, compliments, dues,
the real or fancied indifference of some man or woman i love,
the sickness of one of my folks or of myself, or ill-doing or loss
    or lack of money, or depressions or exaltations,
battles, the horrors of fratricidal war, the fever of doubtful news,
    the fitful events;
these come to me days and nights and go from me again,
but they are not the me myself.

apart from the pulling and hauling stands what i am,
stands amused, complacent, compassionating, idle, unitary,
looks down, is erect, or bends an arm on an impalpable certain rest,
looking with side-curved head curious what will come next,
both in and out of the game and watching and wondering at it.

backward i see in my own days where i sweated through fog with
    linguists and contenders,
i have no mockings or arguments, i witness and wait.

     5
i believe in you my soul, the other i am must not abase itself to you,
and you must not be abased to the other.

loafe with me on the grass, loose the stop from your throat,
not words, not music or rhyme i want, not custom or lecture, not
    even the best,
only the lull i like, the hum of your valved voice.

i mind how once we lay such a transparent summer morning,
how you settled your head athwart my hips and gently turnd over upon me,
and parted the shirt from my bosom-bone, and plunged your tongue
    to my bare-stript heart,
and reachd till you felt my beard, and reachd till you held my feet.

swiftly arose and spread around me the peace and knowledge that pass
    all the argument of the earth,
and i know that the hand of god is the promise of my own,
and i know that the spirit of god is the brother of my own,
and that all the men ever born are also my brothers, and the women
    my sisters and lovers,
and that a kelson of the creation is love,
and limitless are leaves stiff or drooping in the fields,
and brown ants in the little wells beneath them,
and mossy scabs of the worm fence, heapd stones, elder, mullein and
    poke-weed.

     6
a child said what is the grass? fetching it to me with full hands;
how could i answer the child? i do not know what it is any more than he.

i guess it must be the flag of my disposition, out of hopeful green
    stuff woven.

or i guess it is the handkerchief of the lord,
a scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropt,
bearing the owners name someway in the corners, that we may see
    and remark, and say whose?

or i guess the grass is itself a child, the produced babe of the vegetation.

or i guess it is a uniform hieroglyphic,
and it means, sprouting alike in broad zones and narrow zones,
growing among black folks as among white,
kanuck, tuckahoe, congressman, cuff, i give them the same, i
    receive them the same.

and now it seems to me the beautiful uncut hair of graves.

tenderly will i use you curling grass,
it may be you transpire from the breasts of young men,
it may be if i had known them i would have loved them,
it may be you are from old people, or from offspring taken soon out
    of their mothers laps,
and here you are the mothers laps.

this grass is very dark to be from the white heads of old mothers,
darker than the colorless beards of old men,
dark to come from under the faint red roofs of mouths.

o i perceive after all so many uttering tongues,
and i perceive they do not come from the roofs of mouths for nothing.

i wish i could translate the hints about the dead young men and women,
and the hints about old men and mothers, and the offspring taken
    soon out of their laps.

what do you think has become of the young and old men?
and what do you think has become of the women and children?

they are alive and well somewhere,
the smallest sprout shows there is really no death,
and if ever there was it led forward life, and does not wait at the
    end to arrest it,
and ceasd the moment life appeard.

all goes onward and outward, nothing collapses,
and to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.

     7
has any one supposed it lucky to be born?
i hasten to inform him or her it is just as lucky to die, and i know it.

i pass death with the dying and birth with the new-washd babe, and
    am not containd between my hat and boots,
and peruse manifold objects, no two alike and every one good,
the earth good and the stars good, and their adjuncts all good.

i am not an earth nor an adjunct of an earth,
i am the mate and companion of people, all just as immortal and
    fathomless as myself,
(they do not know how immortal, but i know.)

every kind for itself and its own, for me mine male and female,
for me those that have been boys and that love women,
for me the man that is proud and feels how it stings to be slighted,
for me the sweet-heart and the old maid, for me mothers and the
    mothers of mothers,
for me lips that have smiled, eyes that have shed tears,
for me children and the begetters of children.

undrape! you are not guilty to me, nor stale nor discarded,
i see through the broadcloth and gingham whether or no,
and am around, tenacious, acquisitive, tireless, and cannot be shaken away.

     8
the little one sleeps in its cradle,
i lift the gauze and look a long time, and silently brush away flies
    with my hand.

the youngster and the red-faced girl turn aside up the bushy hill,
i peeringly view them from the top.

the suicide sprawls on the bloody floor of the bedroom,
i witness the corpse with its dabbled hair, i note where the pistol
    has fallen.

the blab of the pave, tires of carts, sluff of boot-soles, talk of
    the promenaders,
the heavy omnibus, the driver with his interrogating thumb, the
    clank of the shod horses on the granite floor,
the snow-sleighs, clinking, shouted jokes, pelts of snow-balls,
the hurrahs for popular favorites, the fury of rousd mobs,
the flap of the curtaind litter, a sick man inside borne to the hospital,
the meeting of enemies, the sudden oath, the blows and fall,
the excited crowd, the policeman with his star quickly working his
    passage to the centre of the crowd,
the impassive stones that receive and return so many echoes,
what groans of over-fed or half-starvd who fall sunstruck or in fits,
what exclamations of women taken suddenly who hurry home and
    give birth to babes,
what living and buried speech is always vibrating here, what howls
    restraind by decorum,
arrests of criminals, slights, adulterous offers made, acceptances,
    rejections with convex lips,
i mind them or the show or resonance of them--i come and i depart.

     9
the big doors of the country barn stand open and ready,
the dried grass of the harvest-time loads the slow-drawn wagon,
the clear light plays on the brown gray and green intertinged,
the armfuls are packd to the sagging mow.

i am there, i help, i came stretchd atop of the load,
i felt its soft jolts, one leg reclined on the other,
i jump from the cross-beams and seize the clover and timothy,
and roll head over heels and tangle my hair full of wisps.

     10
alone far in the wilds and mountains i hunt,
wandering amazed at my own lightness and glee,
in the late afternoon choosing a safe spot to pass the night,
kindling a fire and broiling the fresh-killd game,
falling asleep on the gatherd leaves with my dog and gun by my side.

the yankee clipper is under her sky-sails, she cuts the sparkle and scud,
my eyes settle the land, i bend at her prow or shout joyously from the deck.

the boatmen and clam-diggers arose early and stopt for me,
i tuckd my trowser-ends in my boots and went and had a good time;
you should have been with us that day round the chowder-kettle.

i saw the marriage of the trapper in the open air in the far west,
    the bride was a red girl,
her father and his friends sat near cross-legged and dumbly smoking,
    they had moccasins to their feet and large thick blankets
    hanging from their shoulders,
on a bank lounged the trapper, he was drest mostly in skins, his luxuriant
    beard and curls protected his neck, he held his bride by the hand,
she had long eyelashes, her head was bare, her coarse straight locks
    descended upon her voluptuous limbs and reachd to her feet.

the runaway slave came to my house and stopt outside,
i heard his motions crackling the twigs of the woodpile,
through the swung half-door of the kitchen i saw him limpsy and weak,
and went where he sat on a log and led him in and assured him,
and brought water and filld a tub for his sweated body and bruisd feet,
and gave him a room that enterd from my own, and gave him some
    coarse clean clothes,
and remember perfectly well his revolving eyes and his awkwardness,
and remember putting piasters on the galls of his neck and ankles;
he staid with me a week before he was recuperated and passd north,
i had him sit next me at table, my fire-lock leand in the corner.

     11
twenty-eight young men bathe by the shore,
twenty-eight young men and all so friendly;
twenty-eight years of womanly life and all so lonesome.

she owns the fine house by the rise of the bank,
she hides handsome and richly drest aft the blinds of the window.

which of the young men does she like the best?
ah the homeliest of them is beautiful to her.

where are you off to, lady? for i see you,
you splash in the water there, yet stay stock still in your room.

dancing and laughing along the beach came the twenty-ninth bather,
the rest did not see her, but she saw them and loved them.

the beards of the young men glistend with wet, it ran from their long hair,
little streams passd all over their bodies.

an unseen hand also passd over their bodies,
it descended tremblingly from their temples and ribs.

the young men float on their backs, their white bellies bulge to the
    sun, they do not ask who seizes fast to them,
they do not know who puffs and declines with pendant and bending arch,
they do not think whom they souse with spray.

     12
the butcher-boy puts off his killing-clothes, or sharpens his knife
    at the stall in the market,
i loiter enjoying his repartee and his shuffle and break-down.

blacksmiths with grimed and hairy chests environ the anvil,
each has his main-sledge, they are all out, there is a great heat in
    the fire.

from the cinder-strewd threshold i follow their movements,
the lithe sheer of their waists plays even with their massive arms,
overhand the hammers swing, overhand so slow, overhand so sure,
they do not hasten, each man hits in his place.

     13
the negro holds firmly the reins of his four horses, the block swags
    underneath on its tied-over chain,
the negro that drives the long dray of the stone-yard, steady and
    tall he stands poisd on one leg on the string-piece,
his blue shirt exposes his ample neck and breast and loosens over
    his hip-band,
his glance is calm and commanding, he tosses the slouch of his hat
    away from his forehead,
the sun falls on his crispy hair and mustache, falls on the black of
    his polishd and perfect limbs.

i behold the picturesque giant and love him, and i do not stop there,
i go with the team also.

in me the caresser of life wherever moving, backward as well as
    forward sluing,
to niches aside and junior bending, not a person or object missing,
absorbing all to myself and for this song.

oxen that rattle the yoke and chain or halt in the leafy shade, what
    is that you express in your eyes?
it seems to me more than all the print i have read in my life.

my tread scares the wood-drake and wood-duck on my distant and
    day-long ramble,
they rise together, they slowly circle around.

i believe in those wingd purposes,
and acknowledge red, yellow, white, playing within me,
and consider green and violet and the tufted crown intentional,
and do not call the tortoise unworthy because she is not something else,
and the in the woods never studied the gamut, yet trills pretty well to me,
and the look of the bay mare shames silliness out of me.

     14
the wild gander leads his flock through the cool night,
ya-honk he says, and sounds it down to me like an invitation,
the pert may suppose it meaningless, but i listening close,
find its purpose and place up there toward the wintry sky.

the sharp-hoofd moose of the north, the cat on the house-sill, the
    chickadee, the prairie-dog,
the litter of the grunting sow as they tug at her teats,
the brood of the turkey-hen and she with her half-spread wings,
i see in them and myself the same old law.

the press of my foot to the earth springs a hundred affections,
they scorn the best i can do to relate them.

i am enamourd of growing out-doors,
of men that live among cattle or taste of the ocean or woods,
of the builders and steerers of ships and the wielders of axes and
    mauls, and the drivers of horses,
i can eat and sleep with them week in and week out.

what is commonest, cheapest, nearest, easiest, is me,
me going in for my chances, spending for vast returns,
adorning myself to bestow myself on the first that will take me,
not asking the sky to come down to my good will,
scattering it freely forever.

     15
the pure contralto sings in the organ loft,
the carpenter dresses his plank, the tongue of his foreplane
    whistles its wild ascending lisp,
the married and unmarried children ride home to their thanksgiving dinner,
the pilot seizes the king-pin, he heaves down with a strong arm,
the mate stands braced in the whale-boat, lance and harpoon are ready,
the duck-shooter walks by silent and cautious stretches,
the deacons are ordaind with crossd hands at the altar,
the spinning-girl retreats and advances to the hum of the big wheel,
the farmer stops by the bars as he walks on a first-day loafe and
    looks at the oats and rye,
the lunatic is carried at last to the asylum a confirmd case,
(he will never sleep any more as he did in the cot in his mothers
    bed-room;)
the jour printer with gray head and gaunt jaws works at his case,
he turns his quid of tobacco while his eyes blurr with the manuscript;
the malformd limbs are tied to the surgeons table,
what is removed drops horribly in a pail;
the quadroon girl is sold at the auction-stand, the drunkard nods by
    the bar-room stove,
the machinist rolls up his sleeves, the policeman travels his beat,
    the gate-keeper marks who pass,
the young fellow drives the express-wagon, (i love him, though i do
    not know him;)
the half-breed straps on his light boots to compete in the race,
the western turkey-shooting draws old and young, some lean on their
    rifles, some sit on logs,
out from the crowd steps the marksman, takes his position, levels his piece;
the groups of newly-come immigrants cover the wharf or levee,
as the woolly-pates hoe in the sugar-field, the overseer views them
    from his saddle,
the bugle calls in the ball-room, the gentlemen run for their
    partners, the dancers bow to each other,
the youth lies awake in the cedar-roofd garret and harks to the
    musical rain,
the wolverine sets traps on the creek that helps fill the huron,
the squaw wrapt in her yellow-hemmd cloth is offering moccasins and
    bead-bags for sale,
the connoisseur peers along the exhibition-gallery with half-shut
    eyes bent sideways,
as the deck-hands make fast the steamboat the plank is thrown for
    the shore-going passengers,
the young sister holds out the skein while the elder sister winds it
    off in a ball, and stops now and then for the knots,
the one-year wife is recovering and happy having a week ago borne
    her first child,
the clean-haird yankee girl works with her sewing-machine or in the
    factory or mill,
the paving-man leans on his two-handed rammer, the reporters lead
    flies swiftly over the note-book, the sign-painter is lettering
    with blue and gold,
the canal boy trots on the tow-path, the book-keeper counts at his
    desk, the shoemaker waxes his thread,
the conductor beats time for the band and all the performers follow him,
the child is baptized, the convert is making his first professions,
the regatta is spread on the bay, the race is begun, (how the white
    sails sparkle!)
the drover watching his drove sings out to them that would stray,
the pedler sweats with his pack on his back, (the purchaser higgling
    about the odd cent;)
the bride unrumples her white dress, the minute-hand of the clock
    moves slowly,
the opium-eater reclines with rigid head and just-opend lips,
the prostitute draggles her shawl, her bonnet bobs on her tipsy and
    pimpled neck,
the crowd laugh at her blackguard oaths, the men jeer and wink to
    each other,
(miserable! i do not laugh at your oaths nor jeer you;)
the president holding a cabinet council is surrounded by the great
    secretaries,
on the piazza walk three matrons stately and friendly with twined arms,
the crew of the fish-smack pack repeated layers of halibut in the hold,
the missourian crosses the plains toting his wares and his cattle,
as the fare-collector goes through the train he gives notice by the
    jingling of loose change,
the floor-men are laying the floor, the tinners are tinning the
    roof, the masons are calling for mortar,
in single file each shouldering his hod pass onward the laborers;
seasons pursuing each other the indescribable crowd is gatherd, it
    is the fourth of seventh-month, (what salutes of cannon and small arms!)
seasons pursuing each other the plougher ploughs, the mower mows,
    and the winter-grain falls in the ground;
off on the lakes the pike-fisher watches and waits by the hole in
    the frozen surface,
the stumps stand thick round the clearing, the squatter strikes deep
    with his axe,
flatboatmen make fast towards dusk near the cotton-wood or pecan-trees,
coon-seekers go through the regions of the red river or through
    those draind by the tennessee, or through those of the arkansas,
torches shine in the dark that hangs on the chattahooche or altamahaw,
patriarchs sit at supper with sons and grandsons and great-grandsons
    around them,
in walls of adobie, in canvas tents, rest hunters and trappers after
    their days sport,
the city sleeps and the country sleeps,
the living sleep for their time, the dead sleep for their time,
the old husband sleeps by his wife and the young husband sleeps by his wife;
and these tend inward to me, and i tend outward to them,
and such as it is to be of these more or less i am,
and of these one and all i weave the song of myself.

     16
i am of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise,
regardless of others, ever regardful of others,
maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man,
stuffd with the stuff that is coarse and stuffd with the stuff
    that is fine,
one of the nation of many nations, the smallest the same and the
    largest the same,
a southerner soon as a northerner, a planter nonchalant and
    hospitable down by the oconee i live,
a yankee bound my own way ready for trade, my joints the limberest
    joints on earth and the sternest joints on earth,
a kentuckian walking the vale of the elkhorn in my deer-skin
    leggings, a louisianian or georgian,
a boatman over lakes or bays or along coasts, a hoosier, badger, buckeye;
at home on kanadian snow-shoes or up in the bush, or with fishermen
    off newfoundland,
at home in the fleet of ice-boats, sailing with the rest and tacking,
at home on the hills of vermont or in the woods of maine, or the
    texan ranch,
comrade of californians, comrade of free north-westerners, (loving
    their big proportions,)
comrade of raftsmen and coalmen, comrade of all who shake hands
    and welcome to drink and meat,
a learner with the simplest, a teacher of the thoughtfullest,
a novice beginning yet experient of myriads of seasons,
of every hue and caste am i, of every rank and religion,
a farmer, mechanic, artist, gentleman, sailor, quaker,
prisoner, fancy-man, rowdy, lawyer, physician, priest.

i resist any thing better than my own diversity,
breathe the air but leave plenty after me,
and am not stuck up, and am in my place.

(the moth and the fish-eggs are in their place,
the bright suns i see and the dark suns i cannot see are in their place,
the palpable is in its place and the impalpable is in its place.)

     17
these are really the thoughts of all men in all ages and lands, they
    are not original with me,
if they are not yours as much as mine they are nothing, or next to nothing,
if they are not the riddle and the untying of the riddle they are nothing,
if they are not just as close as they are distant they are nothing.

this is the grass that grows wherever the land is and the water is,
this the common air that bathes the globe.

     18
with music strong i come, with my cornets and my drums,
i play not marches for accepted victors only, i play marches for
    conquerd and slain persons.

have you heard that it was good to gain the day?
i also say it is good to fall, battles are lost in the same spirit
    in which they are won.

i beat and pound for the dead,
i blow through my embouchures my loudest and gayest for them.

vivas to those who have faild!
and to those whose war-vessels sank in the sea!
and to those themselves who sank in the sea!
and to all generals that lost engagements, and all overcome heroes!
and the numberless unknown heroes equal to the greatest heroes known!

     19
this is the meal equally set, this the meat for natural hunger,
it is for the wicked just same as the righteous, i make appointments
    with all,
i will not have a single person slighted or left away,
the kept-woman, sponger, thief, are hereby invited,
the heavy-lippd slave is invited, the venerealee is invited;
there shall be no difference between them and the rest.

this is the press of a bashful hand, this the float and odor of hair,
this the touch of my lips to yours, this the murmur of yearning,
this the far-off depth and height reflecting my own face,
this the thoughtful merge of myself, and the outlet again.

do you guess i have some intricate purpose?
well i have, for the fourth-month showers have, and the mica on the
    side of a rock has.

do you take it i would astonish?
does the daylight astonish? does the early redstart twittering
    through the woods?
do i astonish more than they?

this hour i tell things in confidence,
i might not tell everybody, but i will tell you.

     20
who goes there? hankering, gross, mystical, nude;
how is it i extract strength from the beef i eat?

what is a man anyhow? what am i? what are you?

all i mark as my own you shall offset it with your own,
else it were time lost listening to me.

i do not snivel that snivel the world over,
that months are vacuums and the ground but wallow and filth.

whimpering and truckling fold with powders for invalids, conformity
    goes to the fourth-removd,
i wear my hat as i please indoors or out.

why should i pray? why should i venerate and be ceremonious?

having pried through the strata, analyzed to a hair, counseld with
    doctors and calculated close,
i find no sweeter fat than sticks to my own bones.

in all people i see myself, none more and not one a barley-corn less,
and the good or bad i say of myself i say of them.

i know i am solid and sound,
to me the converging objects of the universe perpetually flow,
all are written to me, and i must get what the writing means.

i know i am deathless,
i know this orbit of mine cannot be swept by a carpenters compass,
i know i shall not pass like a childs carlacue cut with a burnt
    stick at night.

i know i am august,
i do not trouble my spirit to vindicate itself or be understood,
i see that the elementary laws never apologize,
(i reckon i behave no prouder than the level i plant my house by,
    after all.)

i exist as i am, that is enough,
if no other in the world be aware i sit content,
and if each and all be aware i sit content.

one world is aware and by far the largest to me, and that is myself,
and whether i come to my own to-day or in ten thousand or ten
    million years,
i can cheerfully take it now, or with equal cheerfulness i can wait.

my foothold is tenond and mortisd in granite,
i laugh at what you call dissolution,
and i know the amplitude of time.

     21
i am the poet of the body and i am the poet of the soul,
the pleasures of heaven are with me and the pains of hell are with me,
the first i graft and increase upon myself, the latter i translate
    into new tongue.

i am the poet of the woman the same as the man,
and i say it is as great to be a woman as to be a man,
and i say there is nothing greater than the mother of men.

i chant the chant of dilation or pride,
we have had ducking and deprecating about enough,
i show that size is only development.

have you outstript the rest? are you the president?
it is a trifle, they will more than arrive there every one, and
    still pass on.

i am he that walks with the tender and growing night,
i call to the earth and sea half-held by the night.

press close bare-bosomd night--press close magnetic nourishing night!
night of south winds--night of the large few stars!
still nodding night--mad naked summer night.

smile o voluptuous cool-breathd earth!
earth of the slumbering and liquid trees!
earth of departed sunset--earth of the mountains misty-topt!
earth of the vitreous pour of the full moon just tinged with blue!
earth of shine and dark mottling the tide of the river!
earth of the limpid gray of clouds brighter and clearer for my sake!
far-swooping elbowd earth--rich apple-blossomd earth!
smile, for your lover comes.

prodigal, you have given me love--therefore i to you give love!
o unspeakable passionate love.

     22
you sea! i resign myself to you also--i guess what you mean,
i behold from the beach your crooked fingers,
i believe you refuse to go back without feeling of me,
we must have a turn together, i undress, hurry me out of sight of the land,
cushion me soft, rock me in billowy drowse,
dash me with amorous wet, i can repay you.

sea of stretchd ground-swells,
sea breathing broad and convulsive breaths,
sea of the brine of life and of unshovelld yet always-ready graves,
howler and scooper of storms, capricious and dainty sea,
i am integral with you, i too am of one phase and of all phases.

partaker of influx and efflux i, extoller of hate and conciliation,
extoller of amies and those that sleep in each others arms.

i am he attesting sympathy,
(shall i make my list of things in the house and skip the house that
    supports them?)

i am not the poet of goodness only, i do not decline to be the poet
    of wickedness also.

what blurt is this about virtue and about vice?
evil propels me and reform of evil propels me, i stand indifferent,
my gait is no fault-finders or rejecters gait,
i moisten the roots of all that has grown.

did you fear some scrofula out of the unflagging pregnancy?
did you guess the celestial laws are yet to be workd over and rectified?

i find one side a balance and the antipedal side a balance,
soft doctrine as steady help as stable doctrine,
thoughts and deeds of the present our rouse and early start.

this minute that comes to me over the past decillions,
there is no better than it and now.

what behaved well in the past or behaves well to-day is not such wonder,
the wonder is always and always how there can be a mean man or an infidel.

     23
endless unfolding of words of ages!
and mine a word of the modern, the word en-masse.

a word of the faith that never balks,
here or henceforward it is all the same to me, i accept time absolutely.

it alone is without flaw, it alone rounds and completes all,
that mystic baffling wonder alone completes all.

i accept reality and dare not question it,
materialism first and last imbuing.

hurrah for positive science! long live exact demonstration!
fetch stonecrop mixt with cedar and branches of lilac,
this is the lexicographer, this the chemist, this made a grammar of
    the old cartouches,
these mariners put the ship through dangerous unknown seas.
this is the geologist, this works with the scalper, and this is a
    mathematician.

gentlemen, to you the first honors always!
your facts are useful, and yet they are not my dwelling,
i but enter by them to an area of my dwelling.

less the reminders of properties told my words,
and more the reminders they of life untold, and of freedom and extrication,
and make short account of neuters and geldings, and favor men and
    women fully equipt,
and beat the gong of revolt, and stop with fugitives and them that
    plot and conspire.

     24
walt whitman, a kosmos, of manhattan the son,
turbulent, fleshy, sensual, eating, drinking and breeding,
no sentimentalist, no stander above men and women or apart from them,
no more modest than immodest.

unscrew the locks from the doors!
unscrew the doors themselves from their jambs!

whoever degrades another degrades me,
and whatever is done or said returns at last to me.

through me the afflatus surging and surging, through me the current
    and index.

i speak the pass-word primeval, i give the sign of democracy,
by god! i will accept nothing which all cannot have their
    counterpart of on the same terms.

through me many long dumb voices,
voices of the interminable generations of prisoners and slaves,
voices of the diseasd and despairing and of thieves and dwarfs,
voices of cycles of preparation and accretion,
and of the threads that connect the stars, and of wombs and of the
    father-stuff,
and of the rights of them the others are down upon,
of the deformd, trivial, flat, foolish, despised,
fog in the air, beetles rolling balls of dung.

through me forbidden voices,
voices of sexes and lusts, voices veild and i remove the veil,
voices indecent by me clarified and transfigurd.

i do not press my fingers across my mouth,
i keep as delicate around the bowels as around the head and heart,
copulation is no more rank to me than death is.

i believe in the flesh and the appetites,
seeing, hearing, feeling, are miracles, and each part and tag of me
    is a miracle.

divine am i inside and out, and i make holy whatever i touch or am
    touchd from,
the scent of these arm-pits aroma finer than prayer,
this head more than churches, bibles, and all the creeds.

if i worship one thing more than another it shall be the spread of
    my own body, or any part of it,
translucent mould of me it shall be you!
shaded ledges and rests it shall be you!
firm masculine colter it shall be you!
whatever goes to the tilth of me it shall be you!
you my rich blood! your milky stream pale strippings of my life!
breast that presses against other breasts it shall be you!
my brain it shall be your occult convolutions!
root of washd sweet-flag! timorous pond-snipe! nest of guarded
    duplicate eggs! it shall be you!
mixd tussled hay of head, beard, brawn, it shall be you!
trickling sap of maple, fibre of manly wheat, it shall be you!
sun so generous it shall be you!
vapors lighting and shading my face it shall be you!
you sweaty brooks and dews it shall be you!
winds whose soft-tickling genitals rub against me it shall be you!
broad muscular fields, branches of live oak, loving lounger in my
    winding paths, it shall be you!
hands i have taken, face i have kissd, mortal i have ever touchd,
    it shall be you.

i dote on myself, there is that lot of me and all so luscious,
each moment and whatever happens thrills me with joy,
i cannot tell how my ankles bend, nor whence the cause of my faintest wish,
nor the cause of the friendship i emit, nor the cause of the
    friendship i take again.

that i walk up my stoop, i pause to consider if it really be,
a morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics
    of books.

to behold the day-break!
the little light fades the immense and diaphanous shadows,
the air tastes good to my palate.

hefts of the moving world at innocent gambols silently rising
    freshly exuding,
scooting obliquely high and low.

something i cannot see puts upward libidinous prongs,
seas of bright juice suffuse heaven.

the earth by the sky staid with, the daily close of their junction,
the heavd challenge from the east that moment over my head,
the mocking taunt, see then whether you shall be master!

     25
dazzling and tremendous how quick the sun-rise would kill me,
if i could not now and always send sun-rise out of me.

we also ascend dazzling and tremendous as the sun,
we found our own o my soul in the calm and cool of the daybreak.

my voice goes after what my eyes cannot reach,
with the twirl of my tongue i encompass worlds and volumes of worlds.

speech is the twin of my vision, it is unequal to measure itself,
it provokes me forever, it says sarcastically,
walt you contain enough, why dont you let it out then?

come now i will not be tantalized, you conceive too much of
    articulation,
do you not know o speech how the buds beneath you are folded?
waiting in gloom, protected by frost,
the dirt receding before my prophetical screams,
i underlying causes to balance them at last,
my knowledge my live parts, it keeping tally with the meaning of all things,
happiness, (which whoever hears me let him or her set out in search
    of this day.)

my final merit i refuse you, i refuse putting from me what i really am,
encompass worlds, but never try to encompass me,
i crowd your sleekest and best by simply looking toward you.

writing and talk do not prove me,
i carry the plenum of proof and every thing else in my face,
with the hush of my lips i wholly confound the skeptic.

     26
now i will do nothing but listen,
to accrue what i hear into this song, to let sounds contribute toward it.

i hear bravuras of birds, bustle of growing wheat, gossip of flames,
    clack of sticks cooking my meals,
i hear the sound i love, the sound of the human voice,
i hear all sounds running together, combined, fused or following,
sounds of the city and sounds out of the city, sounds of the day and night,
talkative young ones to those that like them, the loud laugh of
    work-people at their meals,
the angry base of disjointed friendship, the faint tones of the sick,
the judge with hands tight to the desk, his pallid lips pronouncing
    a death-sentence,
the heaveeyo of stevedores unlading ships by the wharves, the
    refrain of the anchor-lifters,
the ring of alarm-bells, the cry of fire, the whirr of swift-streaking
    engines and hose-carts with premonitory tinkles and colord lights,
the steam-whistle, the solid roll of the train of approaching cars,
the slow march playd at the head of the association marching two and two,
(they go to guard some corpse, the flag-tops are draped with black muslin.)

i hear the violoncello, (tis the young mans hearts complaint,)
i hear the keyd cornet, it glides quickly in through my ears,
it shakes mad-sweet pangs through my belly and breast.

i hear the chorus, it is a grand opera,
ah this indeed is music--this suits me.

a tenor large and fresh as the creation fills me,
the orbic flex of his mouth is pouring and filling me full.

i hear the traind soprano (what work with hers is this?)
the orchestra whirls me wider than uranus flies,
it wrenches such ardors from me i did not know i possessd them,
it sails me, i dab with bare feet, they are lickd by the indolent waves,
i am cut by bitter and angry hail, i lose my breath,
steepd amid honeyd morphine, my windpipe throttled in fakes of death,
at length let up again to feel the puzzle of puzzles,
and that we call being.

     27
to be in any form, what is that?
(round and round we go, all of us, and ever come back thither,)
if nothing lay more developd the quahaug in its callous shell were enough.

mine is no callous shell,
i have instant conductors all over me whether i pass or stop,
they seize every object and lead it harmlessly through me.

i merely stir, press, feel with my fingers, and am happy,
to touch my person to some one elses is about as much as i can stand.

     28
is this then a touch? quivering me to a new identity,
flames and ether making a rush for my veins,
treacherous tip of me reaching and crowding to help them,
my flesh and blood playing out lightning to strike what is hardly
    different from myself,
on all sides prurient provokers stiffening my limbs,
straining the udder of my heart for its withheld drip,
behaving licentious toward me, taking no denial,
depriving me of my best as for a purpose,
unbuttoning my clothes, holding me by the bare waist,
deluding my confusion with the calm of the sunlight and pasture-fields,
immodestly sliding the fellow-senses away,
they bribed to swap off with touch and go and graze at the edges of me,
no consideration, no regard for my draining strength or my anger,
fetching the rest of the herd around to enjoy them a while,
then all uniting to stand on a headland and worry me.

the sentries desert every other part of me,
they have left me helpless to a red marauder,
they all come to the headland to witness and assist against me.

i am given up by traitors,
i talk wildly, i have lost my wits, i and nobody else am the
    greatest traitor,
i went myself first to the headland, my own hands carried me there.

you villain touch! what are you doing? my breath is tight in its throat,
unclench your floodgates, you are too much for me.

     29
blind loving wrestling touch, sheathd hooded sharp-toothd touch!
did it make you ache so, leaving me?

parting trackd by arriving, perpetual payment of perpetual loan,
rich showering rain, and recompense richer afterward.

sprouts take and accumulate, stand by the curb prolific and vital,
landscapes projected masculine, full-sized and golden.

     30
all truths wait in all things,
they neither hasten their own delivery nor resist it,
they do not need the obstetric forceps of the surgeon,
the insignificant is as big to me as any,
(what is less or more than a touch?)

logic and sermons never convince,
the damp of the night drives deeper into my soul.

(only what proves itself to every man and woman is so,
only what nobody denies is so.)

a minute and a drop of me settle my brain,
i believe the soggy clods shall become lovers and lamps,
and a compend of compends is the meat of a man or woman,
and a summit and flower there is the feeling they have for each other,
and they are to branch boundlessly out of that lesson until it
    becomes omnific,
and until one and all shall delight us, and we them.

     31
i believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey work of the stars,
and the pismire is equally perfect, and a grain of sand, and the egg
    of the wren,
and the tree-toad is a chef-doeuvre for the highest,
and the running blackberry would adorn the parlors of heaven,
and the narrowest hinge in my hand puts to scorn all machinery,
and the cow crunching with depressd head surpasses any statue,
and a mouse is miracle enough to stagger sextillions of infidels.

i find i incorporate gneiss, coal, long-threaded moss, fruits,
    grains, esculent roots,
and am stuccod with quadrupeds and birds all over,
and have distanced what is behind me for good reasons,
but call any thing back again when i desire it.

in vain the speeding or shyness,
in vain the plutonic rocks send their old heat against my approach,
in vain the mastodon retreats beneath its own powderd bones,
in vain objects stand leagues off and assume manifold shapes,
in vain the ocean settling in hollows and the great monsters lying low,
in vain the buzzard houses herself with the sky,
in vain the snake slides through the creepers and logs,
in vain the elk takes to the inner passes of the woods,
in vain the razor-billd auk sails far north to labrador,
i follow quickly, i ascend to the nest in the fissure of the cliff.

     32
i think i could turn and live with animals, they are so placid and
    self-containd,
i stand and look at them long and long.

they do not sweat and whine about their condition,
they do not lie awake in the dark and weep for their sins,
they do not make me sick discussing their duty to god,
not one is dissatisfied, not one is demented with the mania of
    owning things,
not one kneels to another, nor to his kind that lived thousands of
    years ago,
not one is respectable or unhappy over the whole earth.

so they show their relations to me and i accept them,
they bring me tokens of myself, they evince them plainly in their
    possession.

i wonder where they get those tokens,
did i pass that way huge times ago and negligently drop them?

myself moving forward then and now and forever,
gathering and showing more always and with velocity,
infinite and omnigenous, and the like of these among them,
not too exclusive toward the reachers of my remembrancers,
picking out here one that i love, and now go with him on brotherly terms.

a gigantic beauty of a stallion, fresh and responsive to my caresses,
head high in the forehead, wide between the ears,
limbs glossy and supple, tail dusting the ground,
eyes full of sparkling wickedness, ears finely cut, flexibly moving.

his nostrils dilate as my heels embrace him,
his well-built limbs tremble with pleasure as we race around and return.

i but use you a minute, then i resign you, stallion,
why do i need your paces when i myself out-gallop them?
even as i stand or sit passing faster than you.

     33
space and time! now i see it is true, what i guessd at,
what i guessd when i loafd on the grass,
what i guessd while i lay alone in my bed,
and again as i walkd the beach under the paling stars of the morning.

my ties and ballasts leave me, my elbows rest in sea-gaps,
i skirt sierras, my palms cover continents,
i am afoot with my vision.

by the citys quadrangular houses--in log huts, camping with lumber-men,
along the ruts of the turnpike, along the dry gulch and rivulet bed,
weeding my onion-patch or hosing rows of carrots and parsnips,
    crossing savannas, trailing in forests,
prospecting, gold-digging, girdling the trees of a new purchase,
scorchd ankle-deep by the hot sand, hauling my boat down the
    shallow river,
where the panther walks to and fro on a limb overhead, where the
    buck turns furiously at the hunter,
where the rattlesnake suns his flabby length on a rock, where the
    otter is feeding on fish,
where the alligator in his tough pimples sleeps by the bayou,
where the black bear is searching for roots or honey, where the
    beaver pats the mud with his paddle-shaped tall;
over the growing sugar, over the yellow-flowerd cotton plant, over
    the rice in its low moist field,
over the sharp-peakd farm house, with its scallopd scum and
    slender shoots from the gutters,
over the western persimmon, over the long-leavd corn, over the
    delicate blue-flower flax,
over the white and brown buckwheat, a hummer and buzzer there with
    the rest,
over the dusky green of the rye as it ripples and shades in the breeze;
scaling mountains, pulling myself cautiously up, holding on by low
    scragged limbs,
walking the path worn in the grass and beat through the leaves of the brush,
where the quail is whistling betwixt the woods and the wheat-lot,
where the bat flies in the seventh-month eve, where the great
    goldbug drops through the dark,
where the brook puts out of the roots of the old tree and flows to
    the meadow,
where cattle stand and shake away flies with the tremulous
    shuddering of their hides,
where the cheese-cloth hangs in the kitchen, where andirons straddle
    the hearth-slab, where cobwebs fall in festoons from the rafters;
where trip-hammers crash, where the press is whirling its cylinders,
wherever the human heart beats with terrible throes under its ribs,
where the pear-shaped balloon is floating aloft, (floating in it
    myself and looking composedly down,)
where the life-car is drawn on the slip-noose, where the heat
    hatches pale-green eggs in the dented sand,
where the she-whale swims with her calf and never forsakes it,
where the steam-ship trails hind-ways its long pennant of smoke,
where the fin of the shark cuts like a black chip out of the water,
where the half-burnd brig is riding on unknown currents,
where shells grow to her slimy deck, where the dead are corrupting below;
where the dense-starrd flag is borne at the head of the regiments,
approaching manhattan up by the long-stretching island,
under niagara, the cataract falling like a veil over my countenance,
upon a door-step, upon the horse-block of hard wood outside,
upon the race-course, or enjoying picnics or jigs or a good game of
    base-ball,
at he-festivals, with blackguard gibes, ironical license,
    bull-dances, drinking, laughter,
at the cider-mill tasting the sweets of the brown mash, sucking the
    juice through a straw,
at apple-peelings wanting kisses for all the red fruit i find,
at musters, beach-parties, friendly bees, huskings, house-raisings;
where the mocking-bird sounds his delicious gurgles, cackles,
    screams, weeps,
where the hay-rick stands in the barn-yard, where the dry-stalks are
    scatterd, where the brood-cow waits in the hovel,
where the bull advances to do his masculine work, where the stud to
    the mare, where the cock is treading the hen,
where the heifers browse, where geese nip their food with short jerks,
where sun-down shadows lengthen over the limitless and lonesome prairie,
where herds of buffalo make a crawling spread of the square miles
    far and near,
where the humming-bird shimmers, where the neck of the long-lived
    swan is curving and winding,
where the laughing-gull scoots by the shore, where she laughs her
    near-human laugh,
where bee-hives range on a gray bench in the garden half hid by the
    high weeds,
where band-neckd partridges roost in a ring on the ground with
    their heads out,
where burial coaches enter the archd gates of a cemetery,
where winter wolves bark amid wastes of snow and icicled trees,
where the yellow-crownd heron comes to the edge of the marsh at
    night and feeds upon small crabs,
where the splash of swimmers and divers cools the warm noon,
where the katy-did works her chromatic reed on the walnut-tree over
    the well,
through patches of citrons and cucumbers with silver-wired leaves,
through the salt-lick or orange glade, or under conical firs,
through the gymnasium, through the curtaind saloon, through the
    office or public hall;
pleasd with the native and pleasd with the foreign, pleasd with
    the new and old,
pleasd with the homely woman as well as the handsome,
pleasd with the quakeress as she puts off her bonnet and talks melodiously,
pleasd with the tune of the choir of the whitewashd church,
pleasd with the earnest words of the sweating methodist preacher,
    impressd seriously at the camp-meeting;
looking in at the shop-windows of broadway the whole forenoon,
    flatting the flesh of my nose on the thick plate glass,
wandering the same afternoon with my face turnd up to the clouds,
    or down a lane or along the beach,
my right and left arms round the sides of two friends, and i in the middle;
coming home with the silent and dark-cheekd bush-boy, (behind me
    he rides at the drape of the day,)
far from the settlements studying the print of animals feet, or the
    moccasin print,
by the cot in the hospital reaching lemonade to a feverish patient,
nigh the coffind corpse when all is still, examining with a candle;
voyaging to every port to dicker and adventure,
hurrying with the modern crowd as eager and fickle as any,
hot toward one i hate, ready in my madness to knife him,
solitary at midnight in my back yard, my thoughts gone from me a long while,
walking the old hills of judaea with the beautiful gentle god by my side,
speeding through space, speeding through heaven and the stars,
speeding amid the seven satellites and the broad ring, and the
    diameter of eighty thousand miles,
speeding with taild meteors, throwing fire-balls like the rest,
carrying the crescent child that carries its own full mother in its belly,
storming, enjoying, planning, loving, cautioning,
backing and filling, appearing and disappearing,
i tread day and night such roads.

i visit the orchards of spheres and look at the product,
and look at quintillions ripend and look at quintillions green.

i fly those flights of a fluid and swallowing soul,
my course runs below the soundings of plummets.

i help myself to material and immaterial,
no guard can shut me off, no law prevent me.

i anchor my ship for a little while only,
my messengers continually cruise away or bring their returns to me.

i go hunting polar furs and the seal, leaping chasms with a
    pike-pointed staff, clinging to topples of brittle and blue.

i ascend to the foretruck,
i take my place late at night in the crows-nest,
we sail the arctic sea, it is plenty light enough,
through the clear atmosphere i stretch around on the wonderful beauty,
the enormous masses of ice pass me and i pass them, the scenery is
    plain in all directions,
the white-topt mountains show in the distance, i fling out my
    fancies toward them,
we are approaching some great battle-field in which we are soon to
    be engaged,
we pass the colossal outposts of the encampment, we pass with still
    feet and caution,
or we are entering by the suburbs some vast and ruind city,
the blocks and fallen architecture more than all the living cities
    of the globe.

i am a free companion, i bivouac by invading watchfires,
i turn the bridgroom out of bed and stay with the bride myself,
i tighten her all night to my thighs and lips.

my voice is the wifes voice, the screech by the rail of the stairs,
they fetch my mans body up dripping and drownd.

i understand the large hearts of heroes,
the courage of present times and all times,
how the skipper saw the crowded and rudderless wreck of the
    steamship, and death chasing it up and down the storm,
how he knuckled tight and gave not back an inch, and was faithful of
    days and faithful of nights,
and chalkd in large letters on a board, be of good cheer, we will
    not desert you;
how he followd with them and tackd with them three days and
    would not give it up,
how he saved the drifting company at last,
how the lank loose-gownd women lookd when boated from the
    side of their prepared graves,
how the silent old-faced infants and the lifted sick, and the
    sharp-lippd unshaved men;
all this i swallow, it tastes good, i like it well, it becomes mine,
i am the man, i sufferd, i was there.

the disdain and calmness of martyrs,
the mother of old, condemnd for a witch, burnt with dry wood, her
    children gazing on,
the hounded slave that flags in the race, leans by the fence,
    blowing, coverd with sweat,
the twinges that sting like needles his legs and neck, the murderous
    buckshot and the bullets,
all these i feel or am.

i am the hounded slave, i wince at the bite of the dogs,
hell and despair are upon me, crack and again crack the marksmen,
i clutch the rails of the fence, my gore dribs, thinnd with the
    ooze of my skin,
i fall on the weeds and stones,
the riders spur their unwilling horses, haul close,
taunt my dizzy ears and beat me violently over the head with whip-stocks.

agonies are one of my changes of garments,
i do not ask the wounded person how he feels, i myself become the
    wounded person,
my hurts turn livid upon me as i lean on a cane and observe.

i am the mashd fireman with breast-bone broken,
tumbling walls buried me in their debris,
heat and smoke i inspired, i heard the yelling shouts of my comrades,
i heard the distant click of their picks and shovels,
they have cleard the beams away, they tenderly lift me forth.

i lie in the night air in my red shirt, the pervading hush is for my sake,
painless after all i lie exhausted but not so unhappy,
white and beautiful are the faces around me, the heads are bared
    of their fire-caps,
the kneeling crowd fades with the light of the torches.

distant and dead resuscitate,
they show as the dial or move as the hands of me, i am the clock myself.

i am an old artillerist, i tell of my forts bombardment,
i am there again.

again the long roll of the drummers,
again the attacking cannon, mortars,
again to my listening ears the cannon responsive.

i take part, i see and hear the whole,
the cries, curses, roar, the plaudits for well-aimd shots,
the ambulanza slowly passing trailing its red drip,
workmen searching after damages, making indispensable repairs,
the fall of grenades through the rent roof, the fan-shaped explosion,
the whizz of limbs, heads, stone, wood, iron, high in the air.

again gurgles the mouth of my dying general, he furiously waves
    with his hand,
he gasps through the clot mind not me--mind--the entrenchments.

     34
now i tell what i knew in texas in my early youth,
(i tell not the fall of alamo,
not one escaped to tell the fall of alamo,
the hundred and fifty are dumb yet at alamo,)
tis the tale of the murder in cold blood of four hundred and twelve
    young men.

retreating they had formd in a hollow square with their baggage for
    breastworks,
nine hundred lives out of the surrounding enemies, nine times their
    number, was the price they took in advance,
their colonel was wounded and their ammunition gone,
they treated for an honorable capitulation, receivd writing and
    seal, gave up their arms and marchd back prisoners of war.

they were the glory of the race of rangers,
matchless with horse, rifle, song, supper, courtship,
large, turbulent, generous, handsome, proud, and affectionate,
bearded, sunburnt, drest in the free costume of hunters,
not a single one over thirty years of age.

the second first-day morning they were brought out in squads and
    massacred, it was beautiful early summer,
the work commenced about five oclock and was over by eight.

none obeyd the command to kneel,
some made a mad and helpless rush, some stood stark and straight,
a few fell at once, shot in the temple or heart, the living and dead
    lay together,
the maimd and mangled dug in the dirt, the new-comers saw them there,
some half-killd attempted to crawl away,
these were despatchd with bayonets or batterd with the blunts of muskets,
a youth not seventeen years old seizd his assassin till two more
    came to release him,
the three were all torn and coverd with the boys blood.

at eleven oclock began the burning of the bodies;
that is the tale of the murder of the four hundred and twelve young men.

     35
would you hear of an old-time sea-fight?
would you learn who won by the light of the moon and stars?
list to the yarn, as my grandmothers father the sailor told it to me.

our foe was no sulk in his ship i tell you, (said he,)
his was the surly english pluck, and there is no tougher or truer,
    and never was, and never will be;
along the lowerd eve he came horribly raking us.

we closed with him, the yards entangled, the cannon touchd,
my captain lashd fast with his own hands.

we had receivd some eighteen pound shots under the water,
on our lower-gun-deck two large pieces had burst at the first fire,
    killing all around and blowing up overhead.

fighting at sun-down, fighting at dark,
ten oclock at night, the full moon well up, our leaks on the gain,
    and five feet of water reported,
the master-at-arms loosing the prisoners confined in the after-hold
    to give them a chance for themselves.

the transit to and from the magazine is now stopt by the sentinels,
they see so many strange faces they do not know whom to trust.

our frigate takes fire,
the other asks if we demand quarter?
if our colors are struck and the fighting done?

now i laugh content, for i hear the voice of my little captain,
we have not struck, he composedly cries, we have just begun our part
    of the fighting.

only three guns are in use,
one is directed by the captain himself against the enemys main-mast,
two well servd with grape and canister silence his musketry and
    clear his decks.

the tops alone second the fire of this little battery, especially
    the main-top,
they hold out bravely during the whole of the action.

not a moments cease,
the leaks gain fast on the pumps, the fire eats toward the powder-magazine.

one of the pumps has been shot away, it is generally thought we are sinking.

serene stands the little captain,
he is not hurried, his voice is neither high nor low,
his eyes give more light to us than our battle-lanterns.

toward twelve there in the beams of the moon they surrender to us.

     36
stretchd and still lies the midnight,
two great hulls motionless on the breast of the darkness,
our vessel riddled and slowly sinking, preparations to pass to the
    one we have conquerd,
the captain on the quarter-deck coldly giving his orders through a
    countenance white as a sheet,
near by the corpse of the child that servd in the cabin,
the dead face of an old salt with long white hair and carefully
    curld whiskers,
the flames spite of all that can be done flickering aloft and below,
the husky voices of the two or three officers yet fit for duty,
formless stacks of bodies and bodies by themselves, dabs of flesh
    upon the masts and spars,
cut of cordage, dangle of rigging, slight shock of the soothe of waves,
black and impassive guns, litter of powder-parcels, strong scent,
a few large stars overhead, silent and mournful shining,
delicate sniffs of sea-breeze, smells of sedgy grass and fields by
    the shore, death-messages given in charge to survivors,
the hiss of the surgeons knife, the gnawing teeth of his saw,
wheeze, cluck, swash of falling blood, short wild scream, and long,
    dull, tapering groan,
these so, these irretrievable.

     37
you laggards there on guard! look to your arms!
in at the conquerd doors they crowd! i am possessd!
embody all presences outlawd or suffering,
see myself in prison shaped like another man,
and feel the dull unintermitted pain.

for me the keepers of convicts shoulder their carbines and keep watch,
it is i let out in the morning and barrd at night.

not a mutineer walks handcuffd to jail but i am handcuffd to him
    and walk by his side,
(i am less the jolly one there, and more the silent one with sweat
    on my twitching lips.)

not a youngster is taken for larceny but i go up too, and am tried
    and sentenced.

not a cholera patient lies at the last gasp but i also lie at the last gasp,
my face is ash-colord, my sinews gnarl, away from me people retreat.

askers embody themselves in me and i am embodied in them,
i project my hat, sit shame-faced, and beg.

     38
enough! enough! enough!
somehow i have been stunnd. stand back!
give me a little time beyond my cuffd head, slumbers, dreams, gaping,
i discover myself on the verge of a usual mistake.

that i could forget the mockers and insults!
that i could forget the trickling tears and the blows of the
    bludgeons and hammers!
that i could look with a separate look on my own crucifixion and
    bloody crowning.

i remember now,
i resume the overstaid fraction,
the grave of rock multiplies what has been confided to it, or to any graves,
corpses rise, gashes heal, fastenings roll from me.

i troop forth replenishd with supreme power, one of an average
    unending procession,
inland and sea-coast we go, and pass all boundary lines,
our swift ordinances on their way over the whole earth,
the blossoms we wear in our hats the growth of thousands of years.

eleves, i salute you! come forward!
continue your annotations, continue your questionings.

     39
the friendly and flowing savage, who is he?
is he waiting for civilization, or past it and mastering it?

is he some southwesterner raisd out-doors? is he kanadian?
is he from the mississippi country? iowa, oregon, california?
the mountains? prairie-life, bush-life? or sailor from the sea?

wherever he goes men and women accept and desire him,
they desire he should like them, touch them, speak to them, stay with them.

behavior lawless as snow-flakes, words simple as grass, uncombd
    head, laughter, and naivete,
slow-stepping feet, common features, common modes and emanations,
they descend in new forms from the tips of his fingers,
they are wafted with the odor of his body or breath, they fly out of
    the glance of his eyes.

     40
flaunt of the sunshine i need not your bask--lie over!
you light surfaces only, i force surfaces and depths also.

earth! you seem to look for something at my hands,
say, old top-knot, what do you want?

man or woman, i might tell how i like you, but cannot,
and might tell what it is in me and what it is in you, but cannot,
and might tell that pining i have, that pulse of my nights and days.

behold, i do not give lectures or a little charity,
when i give i give myself.

you there, impotent, loose in the knees,
open your scarfd chops till i blow grit within you,
spread your palms and lift the flaps of your pockets,
i am not to be denied, i compel, i have stores plenty and to spare,
and any thing i have i bestow.

i do not ask who you are, that is not important to me,
you can do nothing and be nothing but what i will infold you.

to cotton-field drudge or cleaner of privies i lean,
on his right cheek i put the family kiss,
and in my soul i swear i never will deny him.

on women fit for conception i start bigger and nimbler babes.
(this day i am jetting the stuff of far more arrogant republics.)

to any one dying, thither i speed and twist the knob of the door.
turn the bed-clothes toward the foot of the bed,
let the physician and the priest go home.

i seize the descending man and raise him with resistless will,
o despairer, here is my neck,
by god, you shall not go down! hang your whole weight upon me.

i dilate you with tremendous breath, i buoy you up,
every room of the house do i fill with an armd force,
lovers of me, bafflers of graves.

sleep--i and they keep guard all night,
not doubt, not decease shall dare to lay finger upon you,
i have embraced you, and henceforth possess you to myself,
and when you rise in the morning you will find what i tell you is so.

     41
i am he bringing help for the sick as they pant on their backs,
and for strong upright men i bring yet more needed help.

i heard what was said of the universe,
heard it and heard it of several thousand years;
it is middling well as far as it goes--but is that all?

magnifying and applying come i,
outbidding at the start the old cautious hucksters,
taking myself the exact dimensions of jehovah,
lithographing kronos, zeus his son, and hercules his grandson,
buying drafts of osiris, isis, belus, brahma, buddha,
in my portfolio placing manito loose, allah on a leaf, the crucifix
    engraved,
with odin and the hideous-faced mexitli and every idol and image,
taking them all for what they are worth and not a cent more,
admitting they were alive and did the work of their days,
(they bore mites as for unfledgd birds who have now to rise and fly
    and sing for themselves,)
accepting the rough deific sketches to fill out better in myself,
    bestowing them freely on each man and woman i see,
discovering as much or more in a framer framing a house,
putting higher claims for him there with his rolld-up sleeves
    driving the mallet and chisel,
not objecting to special revelations, considering a curl of smoke or
    a hair on the back of my hand just as curious as any revelation,
lads ahold of fire-engines and hook-and-ladder ropes no less to me
    than the gods of the antique wars,
minding their voices peal through the crash of destruction,
their brawny limbs passing safe over charrd laths, their white
    foreheads whole and unhurt out of the flames;
by the mechanics wife with her babe at her nipple interceding for
    every person born,
three scythes at harvest whizzing in a row from three lusty angels
    with shirts baggd out at their waists,
the snag-toothd hostler with red hair redeeming sins past and to come,
selling all he possesses, traveling on foot to fee lawyers for his
    brother and sit by him while he is tried for forgery;
what was strewn in the amplest strewing the square rod about me, and
    not filling the square rod then,
the bull and the bug never worshippd half enough,
dung and dirt more admirable than was dreamd,
the supernatural of no account, myself waiting my time to be one of
    the supremes,
the day getting ready for me when i shall do as much good as the
    best, and be as prodigious;
by my life-lumps! becoming already a creator,
putting myself here and now to the ambushd womb of the shadows.


    42
a call in the midst of the crowd,
my own voice, orotund sweeping and final.

come my children,
come my boys and girls, my women, household and intimates,
now the performer launches his nerve, he has passd his prelude on
    the reeds within.

easily written loose-fingerd chords--i feel the thrum of your
    climax and close.

my head slues round on my neck,
music rolls, but not from the organ,
folks are around me, but they are no household of mine.

ever the hard unsunk ground,
ever the eaters and drinkers, ever the upward and downward sun, ever
    the air and the ceaseless tides,
ever myself and my neighbors, refreshing, wicked, real,
ever the old inexplicable query, ever that thornd thumb, that
    breath of itches and thirsts,
ever the vexers hoot! hoot! till we find where the sly one hides
    and bring him forth,
ever love, ever the sobbing liquid of life,
ever the bandage under the chin, ever the trestles of death.

here and there with dimes on the eyes walking,
to feed the greed of the belly the brains liberally spooning,
tickets buying, taking, selling, but in to the feast never once going,
many sweating, ploughing, thrashing, and then the chaff for payment
    receiving,
a few idly owning, and they the wheat continually claiming.

this is the city and i am one of the citizens,
whatever interests the rest interests me, politics, wars, markets,
    newspapers, schools,
the mayor and councils, banks, tariffs, steamships, factories,
    stocks, stores, real estate and personal estate.

the little plentiful manikins skipping around in collars and taild coats
i am aware who they are, (they are positively not worms or fleas,)
i acknowledge the duplicates of myself, the weakest and shallowest
    is deathless with me,
what i do and say the same waits for them,
every thought that flounders in me the same flounders in them.

i know perfectly well my own egotism,
know my omnivorous lines and must not write any less,
and would fetch you whoever you are flush with myself.

not words of routine this song of mine,
but abruptly to question, to leap beyond yet nearer bring;
this printed and bound book--but the printer and the
    printing-office boy?
the well-taken photographs--but your wife or friend close and solid
    in your arms?
the black ship maild with iron, her mighty guns in her turrets--but
    the pluck of the captain and engineers?
in the houses the dishes and fare and furniture--but the host and
    hostess, and the look out of their eyes?
the sky up there--yet here or next door, or across the way?
the saints and sages in history--but you yourself?
sermons, creeds, theology--but the fathomless human brain,
and what is reason? and what is love? and what is life?

     43
i do not despise you priests, all time, the world over,
my faith is the greatest of faiths and the least of faiths,
enclosing worship ancient and modern and all between ancient and modern,
believing i shall come again upon the earth after five thousand years,
waiting responses from oracles, honoring the gods, saluting the sun,
making a fetich of the first rock or stump, powowing with sticks in
    the circle of obis,
helping the llama or brahmin as he trims the lamps of the idols,
dancing yet through the streets in a phallic procession, rapt and
    austere in the woods a gymnosophist,
drinking mead from the skull-cap, to shastas and vedas admirant,
    minding the koran,
walking the teokallis, spotted with gore from the stone and knife,
    beating the serpent-skin drum,
accepting the gospels, accepting him that was crucified, knowing
    assuredly that he is divine,
to the mass kneeling or the puritans prayer rising, or sitting
    patiently in a pew,
ranting and frothing in my insane crisis, or waiting dead-like till
    my spirit arouses me,
looking forth on pavement and land, or outside of pavement and land,
belonging to the winders of the circuit of circuits.

one of that centripetal and centrifugal gang i turn and talk like
    man leaving charges before a journey.

down-hearted doubters dull and excluded,
frivolous, sullen, moping, angry, affected, disheartend, atheistical,
i know every one of you, i know the sea of torment, doubt, despair
    and unbelief.

how the flukes splash!
how they contort rapid as lightning, with spasms and spouts of blood!

be at peace bloody flukes of doubters and sullen mopers,
i take my place among you as much as among any,
the past is the push of you, me, all, precisely the same,
and what is yet untried and afterward is for you, me, all, precisely
    the same.

i do not know what is untried and afterward,
but i know it will in its turn prove sufficient, and cannot fail.

each who passes is considerd, each who stops is considerd, not
    single one can it fall.

it cannot fall the young man who died and was buried,
nor the young woman who died and was put by his side,
nor the little child that peepd in at the door, and then drew back
    and was never seen again,
nor the old man who has lived without purpose, and feels it with
    bitterness worse than gall,
nor him in the poor house tubercled by rum and the bad disorder,
nor the numberless slaughterd and wreckd, nor the brutish koboo
    calld the ordure of humanity,
nor the sacs merely floating with open mouths for food to slip in,
nor any thing in the earth, or down in the oldest graves of the earth,
nor any thing in the myriads of spheres, nor the myriads of myriads
    that inhabit them,
nor the present, nor the least wisp that is known.

     44
it is time to explain myself--let us stand up.

what is known i strip away,
i launch all men and women forward with me into the unknown.

the clock indicates the moment--but what does eternity indicate?

we have thus far exhausted trillions of winters and summers,
there are trillions ahead, and trillions ahead of them.

births have brought us richness and variety,
and other births will bring us richness and variety.

i do not call one greater and one smaller,
that which fills its period and place is equal to any.

were mankind murderous or jealous upon you, my brother, my sister?
i am sorry for you, they are not murderous or jealous upon me,
all has been gentle with me, i keep no account with lamentation,
(what have i to do with lamentation?)

i am an acme of things accomplishd, and i an encloser of things to be.

my feet strike an apex of the apices of the stairs,
on every step bunches of ages, and larger bunches between the steps,
all below duly traveld, and still i mount and mount.

rise after rise bow the phantoms behind me,
afar down i see the huge first nothing, i know i was even there,
i waited unseen and always, and slept through the lethargic mist,
and took my time, and took no hurt from the fetid carbon.

long i was huggd close--long and long.

immense have been the preparations for me,
faithful and friendly the arms that have helpd me.

cycles ferried my cradle, rowing and rowing like cheerful boatmen,
for room to me stars kept aside in their own rings,
they sent influences to look after what was to hold me.

before i was born out of my mother generations guided me,
my embryo has never been torpid, nothing could overlay it.

for it the nebula cohered to an orb,
the long slow strata piled to rest it on,
vast vegetables gave it sustenance,
monstrous sauroids transported it in their mouths and deposited it
    with care.

all forces have been steadily employd to complete and delight me,
now on this spot i stand with my robust soul.


    45
o span of youth! ever-pushd elasticity!
o manhood, balanced, florid and full.

my lovers suffocate me,
crowding my lips, thick in the pores of my skin,
jostling me through streets and public halls, coming naked to me at night,
crying by day, ahoy! from the rocks of the river, swinging and
    chirping over my head,
calling my name from flower-beds, vines, tangled underbrush,
lighting on every moment of my life,
bussing my body with soft balsamic busses,
noiselessly passing handfuls out of their hearts and giving them to be mine.

old age superbly rising! o welcome, ineffable grace of dying days!

every condition promulges not only itself, it promulges what grows
    after and out of itself,
and the dark hush promulges as much as any.

i open my scuttle at night and see the far-sprinkled systems,
and all i see multiplied as high as i can cipher edge but the rim of
    the farther systems.

wider and wider they spread, expanding, always expanding,
outward and outward and forever outward.

my sun has his sun and round him obediently wheels,
he joins with his partners a group of superior circuit,
and greater sets follow, making specks of the greatest inside them.

there is no stoppage and never can be stoppage,
if i, you, and the worlds, and all beneath or upon their surfaces,
    were this moment reduced back to a pallid float, it would
    not avail the long run,
we should surely bring up again where we now stand,
and surely go as much farther, and then farther and farther.

a few quadrillions of eras, a few octillions of cubic leagues, do
    not hazard the span or make it impatient,
they are but parts, any thing is but a part.

see ever so far, there is limitless space outside of that,
count ever so much, there is limitless time around that.

my rendezvous is appointed, it is certain,
the lord will be there and wait till i come on perfect terms,
the great camerado, the lover true for whom i pine will be there.

     46
i know i have the best of time and space, and was never measured and
    never will be measured.

i tramp a perpetual journey, (come listen all!)
my signs are a rain-proof coat, good shoes, and a staff cut from the woods,
no friend of mine takes his ease in my chair,
i have no chair, no church, no philosophy,
i lead no man to a dinner-table, library, exchange,
but each man and each woman of you i lead upon a knoll,
my left hand hooking you round the waist,
my right hand pointing to landscapes of continents and the public road.

not i, not any one else can travel that road for you,
you must travel it for yourself.

it is not far, it is within reach,
perhaps you have been on it since you were born and did not know,
perhaps it is everywhere on water and on land.

shoulder your duds dear son, and i will mine, and let us hasten forth,
wonderful cities and free nations we shall fetch as we go.

if you tire, give me both burdens, and rest the chuff of your hand
    on my hip,
and in due time you shall repay the same service to me,
for after we start we never lie by again.

this day before dawn i ascended a hill and lookd at the crowded heaven,
and i said to my spirit when we become the enfolders of those orbs,
    and the pleasure and knowledge of every thing in them, shall we
    be filld and satisfied then?
and my spirit said no, we but level that lift to pass and continue beyond.

you are also asking me questions and i hear you,
i answer that i cannot answer, you must find out for yourself.

sit a while dear son,
here are biscuits to eat and here is milk to drink,
but as soon as you sleep and renew yourself in sweet clothes, i kiss you
    with a good-by kiss and open the gate for your egress hence.

long enough have you dreamd contemptible dreams,
now i wash the gum from your eyes,
you must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every
    moment of your life.

long have you timidly waded holding a plank by the shore,
now i will you to be a bold swimmer,
to jump off in the midst of the sea, rise again, nod to me, shout,
    and laughingly dash with your hair.

     47
i am the teacher of athletes,
he that by me spreads a wider breast than my own proves the width of my own,
he most honors my style who learns under it to destroy the teacher.

the boy i love, the same becomes a man not through derived power,
    but in his own right,
wicked rather than virtuous out of conformity or fear,
fond of his sweetheart, relishing well his steak,
unrequited love or a slight cutting him worse than sharp steel cuts,
first-rate to ride, to fight, to hit the bulls eye, to sail a
    skiff, to sing a song or play on the banjo,
preferring scars and the beard and faces pitted with small-pox over
    all latherers,
and those well-tannd to those that keep out of the sun.

i teach straying from me, yet who can stray from me?
i follow you whoever you are from the present hour,
my words itch at your ears till you understand them.

i do not say these things for a dollar or to fill up the time while
    i wait for a boat,
(it is you talking just as much as myself, i act as the tongue of you,
tied in your mouth, in mine it begins to be loosend.)

i swear i will never again mention love or death inside a house,
and i swear i will never translate myself at all, only to him or her
    who privately stays with me in the open air.

if you would understand me go to the heights or water-shore,
the nearest gnat is an explanation, and a drop or motion of waves key,
the maul, the oar, the hand-saw, second my words.

no shutterd room or school can commune with me,
but roughs and little children better than they.

the young mechanic is closest to me, he knows me well,
the woodman that takes his axe and jug with him shall take me with
    him all day,
the farm-boy ploughing in the field feels good at the sound of my voice,
in vessels that sail my words sail, i go with fishermen and seamen
    and love them.

the soldier campd or upon the march is mine,
on the night ere the pending battle many seek me, and i do not fail them,
on that solemn night (it may be their last) those that know me seek me.
my face rubs to the hunters face when he lies down alone in his blanket,
the driver thinking of me does not mind the jolt of his wagon,
the young mother and old mother comprehend me,
the girl and the wife rest the needle a moment and forget where they are,
they and all would resume what i have told them.

     48
i have said that the soul is not more than the body,
and i have said that the body is not more than the soul,
and nothing, not god, is greater to one than ones self is,
and whoever walks a furlong without sympathy walks to his own
    funeral drest in his shroud,
and i or you pocketless of a dime may purchase the pick of the earth,
and to glance with an eye or show a bean in its pod confounds the
    learning of all times,
and there is no trade or employment but the young man following it
    may become a hero,
and there is no object so soft but it makes a hub for the wheeld universe,
and i say to any man or woman, let your soul stand cool and composed
    before a million universes.

and i say to mankind, be not curious about god,
for i who am curious about each am not curious about god,
(no array of terms can say how much i am at peace about god and
    about death.)

i hear and behold god in every object, yet understand god not in the least,
nor do i understand who there can be more wonderful than myself.

why should i wish to see god better than this day?
i see something of god each hour of the twenty-four, and each moment then,
in the faces of men and women i see god, and in my own face in the glass,
i find letters from god dropt in the street, and every one is signd
    by gods name,
and i leave them where they are, for i know that wheresoeer i go,
others will punctually come for ever and ever.

     49
and as to you death, and you bitter hug of mortality, it is idle to
    try to alarm me.

to his work without flinching the accoucheur comes,
i see the elder-hand pressing receiving supporting,
i recline by the sills of the exquisite flexible doors,
and mark the outlet, and mark the relief and escape.

and as to you corpse i think you are good manure, but that does not
    offend me,
i smell the white roses sweet-scented and growing,
i reach to the leafy lips, i reach to the polishd breasts of melons.

and as to you life i reckon you are the leavings of many deaths,
(no doubt i have died myself ten thousand times before.)

i hear you whispering there o stars of heaven,
o suns--o grass of graves--o perpetual transfers and promotions,
if you do not say any thing how can i say any thing?

of the turbid pool that lies in the autumn forest,
of the moon that descends the steeps of the soughing twilight,
toss, sparkles of day and dusk--toss on the black stems that decay
    in the muck,
toss to the moaning gibberish of the dry limbs.

i ascend from the moon, i ascend from the night,
i perceive that the ghastly glimmer is noonday sunbeams reflected,
and debouch to the steady and central from the offspring great or small.

     50
there is that in me--i do not know what it is--but i know it is in me.

wrenchd and sweaty--calm and cool then my body becomes,
i sleep--i sleep long.

i do not know it--it is without name--it is a word unsaid,
it is not in any dictionary, utterance, symbol.

something it swings on more than the earth i swing on,
to it the creation is the friend whose embracing awakes me.

perhaps i might tell more. outlines! i plead for my brothers and sisters.

do you see o my brothers and sisters?
it is not chaos or death--it is form, union, plan--it is eternal
    life--it is happiness.

     51
the past and present wilt--i have filld them, emptied them.
and proceed to fill my next fold of the future.

listener up there! what have you to confide to me?
look in my face while i snuff the sidle of evening,
(talk honestly, no one else hears you, and i stay only a minute longer.)

do i contradict myself?
very well then i contradict myself,
(i am large, i contain multitudes.)

i concentrate toward them that are nigh, i wait on the door-slab.

who has done his days work? who will soonest be through with his supper?
who wishes to walk with me?

will you speak before i am gone? will you prove already too late?

     52
the spotted hawk swoops by and accuses me, he complains of my gab
    and my loitering.

i too am not a bit tamed, i too am untranslatable,
i sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.

the last scud of day holds back for me,
it flings my likeness after the rest and true as any on the shadowd wilds,
it coaxes me to the vapor and the dusk.

i depart as air, i shake my white locks at the runaway sun,
i effuse my flesh in eddies, and drift it in lacy jags.

i bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass i love,
if you want me again look for me under your boot-soles.

you will hardly know who i am or what i mean,
but i shall be good health to you nevertheless,
and filter and fibre your blood.

failing to fetch me at first keep encouraged,
missing me one place search another,
i stop somewhere waiting for you.



[book iv.  children of adam]

}  to the garden the world

to the garden the world anew ascending,
potent mates, daughters, sons, preluding,
the love, the life of their bodies, meaning and being,
curious here behold my resurrection after slumber,
the revolving cycles in their wide sweep having brought me again,
amorous, mature, all beautiful to me, all wondrous,
my limbs and the quivering fire that ever plays through them, for
    reasons, most wondrous,
existing i peer and penetrate still,
content with the present, content with the past,
by my side or back of me eve following,
or in front, and i following her just the same.



}  from pent-up aching rivers

from pent-up aching rivers,
from that of myself without which i were nothing,
from what i am determind to make illustrious, even if i stand sole
    among men,
from my own voice resonant, singing the phallus,
singing the song of procreation,
singing the need of superb children and therein superb grown people,
singing the muscular urge and the blending,
singing the bedfellows song, (o resistless yearning!
o for any and each the body correlative attracting!
o for you whoever you are your correlative body! o it, more than all
    else, you delighting!)
from the hungry gnaw that eats me night and day,
from native moments, from bashful pains, singing them,
seeking something yet unfound though i have diligently sought it
    many a long year,
singing the true song of the soul fitful at random,
renascent with grossest nature or among animals,
of that, of them and what goes with them my poems informing,
of the smell of apples and lemons, of the pairing of birds,
of the wet of woods, of the lapping of waves,
of the mad pushes of waves upon the land, i them chanting,
the overture lightly sounding, the strain anticipating,
the welcome nearness, the sight of the perfect body,
the swimmer swimming naked in the bath, or motionless on his back
    lying and floating,
the female form approaching, i pensive, love-flesh tremulous aching,
the divine list for myself or you or for any one making,
the face, the limbs, the index from head to foot, and what it arouses,
the mystic deliria, the madness amorous, the utter abandonment,
(hark close and still what i now whisper to you,
i love you, o you entirely possess me,
o that you and i escape from the rest and go utterly off, free and lawless,
two hawks in the air, two fishes swimming in the sea not more
    lawless than we;)
the furious storm through me careering, i passionately trembling.
the oath of the inseparableness of two together, of the woman that
    loves me and whom i love more than my life, that oath swearing,
(o i willingly stake all for you,
o let me be lost if it must be so!
o you and i! what is it to us what the rest do or think?
what is all else to us? only that we enjoy each other and exhaust
    each other if it must be so;)
from the master, the pilot i yield the vessel to,
the general commanding me, commanding all, from him permission taking,
from time the programme hastening, (i have loiterd too long as it is,)
from sex, from the warp and from the woof,
from privacy, from frequent repinings alone,
from plenty of persons near and yet the right person not near,
from the soft sliding of hands over me and thrusting of fingers
    through my hair and beard,
from the long sustaind kiss upon the mouth or bosom,
from the close pressure that makes me or any man drunk, fainting
    with excess,
from what the divine husband knows, from the work of fatherhood,
from exultation, victory and relief, from the bedfellows embrace in
    the night,
from the act-poems of eyes, hands, hips and bosoms,
from the cling of the trembling arm,
from the bending curve and the clinch,
from side by side the pliant coverlet off-throwing,
from the one so unwilling to have me leave, and me just as unwilling
    to leave,
(yet a moment o tender waiter, and i return,)
from the hour of shining stars and dropping dews,
from the night a moment i emerging flitting out,
celebrate you act divine and you children prepared for,
and you stalwart loins.



}  i sing the body electric

     1
i sing the body electric,
the armies of those i love engirth me and i engirth them,
they will not let me off till i go with them, respond to them,
and discorrupt them, and charge them full with the charge of the soul.

was it doubted that those who corrupt their own bodies conceal themselves?
and if those who defile the living are as bad as they who defile the dead?
and if the body does not do fully as much as the soul?
and if the body were not the soul, what is the soul?

     2
the love of the body of man or woman balks account, the body itself
    balks account,
that of the male is perfect, and that of the female is perfect.

the expression of the face balks account,
but the expression of a well-made man appears not only in his face,
it is in his limbs and joints also, it is curiously in the joints of
    his hips and wrists,
it is in his walk, the carriage of his neck, the flex of his waist
    and knees, dress does not hide him,
the strong sweet quality he has strikes through the cotton and broadcloth,
to see him pass conveys as much as the best poem, perhaps more,
you linger to see his back, and the back of his neck and shoulder-side.

the sprawl and fulness of babes, the bosoms and heads of women, the
    folds of their dress, their style as we pass in the street, the
    contour of their shape downwards,
the swimmer naked in the swimming-bath, seen as he swims through
    the transparent green-shine, or lies with his face up and rolls
    silently to and from the heave of the water,
the bending forward and backward of rowers in row-boats, the
    horse-man in his saddle,
girls, mothers, house-keepers, in all their performances,
the group of laborers seated at noon-time with their open
    dinner-kettles, and their wives waiting,
the female soothing a child, the farmers daughter in the garden or
    cow-yard,
the young fellow hosing corn, the sleigh-driver driving his six
    horses through the crowd,
the wrestle of wrestlers, two apprentice-boys, quite grown, lusty,
    good-natured, native-born, out on the vacant lot at sundown after work,
the coats and caps thrown down, the embrace of love and resistance,
the upper-hold and under-hold, the hair rumpled over and blinding the eyes;
the march of firemen in their own costumes, the play of masculine
    muscle through clean-setting trowsers and waist-straps,
the slow return from the fire, the pause when the bell strikes
    suddenly again, and the listening on the alert,
the natural, perfect, varied attitudes, the bent head, the curvd
    neck and the counting;
such-like i love--i loosen myself, pass freely, am at the mothers
    breast with the little child,
swim with the swimmers, wrestle with wrestlers, march in line with
    the firemen, and pause, listen, count.

     3
i knew a man, a common farmer, the father of five sons,
and in them the fathers of sons, and in them the fathers of sons.

this man was a wonderful vigor, calmness, beauty of person,
the shape of his head, the pale yellow and white of his hair and
    beard, the immeasurable meaning of his black eyes, the richness
    and breadth of his manners,
these i used to go and visit him to see, he was wise also,
he was six feet tall, he was over eighty years old, his sons were
    massive, clean, bearded, tan-faced, handsome,
they and his daughters loved him, all who saw him loved him,
they did not love him by allowance, they loved him with personal love,
he drank water only, the blood showd like scarlet through the
    clear-brown skin of his face,
he was a frequent gunner and fisher, he saild his boat himself, he
    had a fine one presented to him by a ship-joiner, he had
    fowling-pieces presented to him by men that loved him,
when he went with his five sons and many grand-sons to hunt or fish,
    you would pick him out as the most beautiful and vigorous of the gang,
you would wish long and long to be with him, you would wish to sit
    by him in the boat that you and he might touch each other.

     4
i have perceivd that to be with those i like is enough,
to stop in company with the rest at evening is enough,
to be surrounded by beautiful, curious, breathing, laughing flesh is enough,
to pass among them or touch any one, or rest my arm ever so lightly
    round his or her neck for a moment, what is this then?
i do not ask any more delight, i swim in it as in a sea.

there is something in staying close to men and women and looking
    on them, and in the contact and odor of them, that pleases the soul well,
all things please the soul, but these please the soul well.

     5
this is the female form,
a divine nimbus exhales from it from head to foot,
it attracts with fierce undeniable attraction,
i am drawn by its breath as if i were no more than a helpless vapor,
    all falls aside but myself and it,
books, art, religion, time, the visible and solid earth, and what
    was expected of heaven or feard of hell, are now consumed,
mad filaments, ungovernable shoots play out of it, the response
    likewise ungovernable,
hair, bosom, hips, bend of legs, negligent falling hands all
    diffused, mine too diffused,
ebb stung by the flow and flow stung by the ebb, love-flesh swelling
    and deliciously aching,
limitless limpid jets of love hot and enormous, quivering jelly of
    love, white-blow and delirious nice,
bridegroom night of love working surely and softly into the prostrate dawn,
undulating into the willing and yielding day,
lost in the cleave of the clasping and sweet-fleshd day.

this the nucleus--after the child is born of woman, man is born of woman,
this the bath of birth, this the merge of small and large, and the
    outlet again.

be not ashamed women, your privilege encloses the rest, and is the
    exit of the rest,
you are the gates of the body, and you are the gates of the soul.

the female contains all qualities and tempers them,
she is in her place and moves with perfect balance,
she is all things duly veild, she is both passive and active,
she is to conceive daughters as well as sons, and sons as well as daughters.

as i see my soul reflected in nature,
as i see through a mist, one with inexpressible completeness,
    sanity, beauty,
see the bent head and arms folded over the breast, the female i see.

     6
the male is not less the soul nor more, he too is in his place,
he too is all qualities, he is action and power,
the flush of the known universe is in him,
scorn becomes him well, and appetite and defiance become him well,
the wildest largest passions, bliss that is utmost, sorrow that is
    utmost become him well, pride is for him,
the full-spread pride of man is calming and excellent to the soul,
knowledge becomes him, he likes it always, he brings every thing to
    the test of himself,
whatever the survey, whatever the sea and the sail he strikes
    soundings at last only here,
(where else does he strike soundings except here?)

the mans body is sacred and the womans body is sacred,
no matter who it is, it is sacred--is it the meanest one in the
    laborers gang?
is it one of the dull-faced immigrants just landed on the wharf?
each belongs here or anywhere just as much as the well-off, just as
    much as you,
each has his or her place in the procession.

(all is a procession,
the universe is a procession with measured and perfect motion.)

do you know so much yourself that you call the meanest ignorant?
do you suppose you have a right to a good sight, and he or she has
    no right to a sight?
do you think matter has cohered together from its diffuse float, and
    the soil is on the surface, and water runs and vegetation sprouts,
for you only, and not for him and her?

     7
a mans body at auction,
(for before the war i often go to the slave-mart and watch the sale,)
i help the auctioneer, the sloven does not half know his business.

gentlemen look on this wonder,
whatever the bids of the bidders they cannot be high enough for it,
for it the globe lay preparing quintillions of years without one
    animal or plant,
for it the revolving cycles truly and steadily rolld.

in this head the all-baffling brain,
in it and below it the makings of heroes.

examine these limbs, red, black, or white, they are cunning in
    tendon and nerve,
they shall be stript that you may see them.

exquisite senses, life-lit eyes, pluck, volition,
flakes of breast-muscle, pliant backbone and neck, flesh not flabby,
    good-sized arms and legs,
and wonders within there yet.

within there runs blood,
the same old blood! the same red-running blood!
there swells and jets a heart, there all passions, desires,
    reachings, aspirations,
(do you think they are not there because they are not expressd in
    parlors and lecture-rooms?)

this is not only one man, this the father of those who shall be
    fathers in their turns,
in him the start of populous states and rich republics,
of him countless immortal lives with countless embodiments and enjoyments.

how do you know who shall come from the offspring of his offspring
    through the centuries?
(who might you find you have come from yourself, if you could trace
    back through the centuries?)

     8
a womans body at auction,
she too is not only herself, she is the teeming mother of mothers,
she is the bearer of them that shall grow and be mates to the mothers.

have you ever loved the body of a woman?
have you ever loved the body of a man?
do you not see that these are exactly the same to all in all nations
    and times all over the earth?

if any thing is sacred the human body is sacred,
and the glory and sweet of a man is the token of manhood untainted,
and in man or woman a clean, strong, firm-fibred body, is more
    beautiful than the most beautiful face.

have you seen the fool that corrupted his own live body? or the fool
    that corrupted her own live body?
for they do not conceal themselves, and cannot conceal themselves.

     9
o my body! i dare not desert the likes of you in other men and
    women, nor the likes of the parts of you,
i believe the likes of you are to stand or fall with the likes of
    the soul, (and that they are the soul,)
i believe the likes of you shall stand or fall with my poems, and
    that they are my poems,
mans, womans, child, youths, wifes, husbands, mothers,
    fathers, young mans, young womans poems,
head, neck, hair, ears, drop and tympan of the ears,
eyes, eye-fringes, iris of the eye, eyebrows, and the waking or
    sleeping of the lids,
mouth, tongue, lips, teeth, roof of the mouth, jaws, and the jaw-hinges,
nose, nostrils of the nose, and the partition,
cheeks, temples, forehead, chin, throat, back of the neck, neck-slue,
strong shoulders, manly beard, scapula, hind-shoulders, and the
    ample side-round of the chest,
upper-arm, armpit, elbow-socket, lower-arm, arm-sinews, arm-bones,
wrist and wrist-joints, hand, palm, knuckles, thumb, forefinger,
    finger-joints, finger-nails,
broad breast-front, curling hair of the breast, breast-bone, breast-side,
ribs, belly, backbone, joints of the backbone,
hips, hip-sockets, hip-strength, inward and outward round,
    man-balls, man-root,
strong set of thighs, well carrying the trunk above,
leg-fibres, knee, knee-pan, upper-leg, under-leg,
ankles, instep, foot-ball, toes, toe-joints, the heel;
all attitudes, all the shapeliness, all the belongings of my or your
    body or of any ones body, male or female,
the lung-sponges, the stomach-sac, the bowels sweet and clean,
the brain in its folds inside the skull-frame,
sympathies, heart-valves, palate-valves, sexuality, maternity,
womanhood, and all that is a woman, and the man that comes from woman,
the womb, the teats, nipples, breast-milk, tears, laughter, weeping,
    love-looks, love-perturbations and risings,
the voice, articulation, language, whispering, shouting aloud,
food, drink, pulse, digestion, sweat, sleep, walking, swimming,
poise on the hips, leaping, reclining, embracing, arm-curving and tightening,
the continual changes of the flex of the mouth, and around the eyes,
the skin, the sunburnt shade, freckles, hair,
the curious sympathy one feels when feeling with the hand the naked
    meat of the body,
the circling rivers the breath, and breathing it in and out,
the beauty of the waist, and thence of the hips, and thence downward
    toward the knees,
the thin red jellies within you or within me, the bones and the
    marrow in the bones,
the exquisite realization of health;
o i say these are not the parts and poems of the body only, but of the soul,
o i say now these are the soul!



}  a woman waits for me

a woman waits for me, she contains all, nothing is lacking,
yet all were lacking if sex were lacking, or if the moisture of the
    right man were lacking.

sex contains all, bodies, souls,
meanings, proofs, purities, delicacies, results, promulgations,
songs, commands, health, pride, the maternal mystery, the seminal milk,
all hopes, benefactions, bestowals, all the passions, loves,
    beauties, delights of the earth,
all the governments, judges, gods, followd persons of the earth,
these are containd in sex as parts of itself and justifications of itself.

without shame the man i like knows and avows the deliciousness of his sex,
without shame the woman i like knows and avows hers.

now i will dismiss myself from impassive women,
i will go stay with her who waits for me, and with those women that
    are warm-blooded and sufficient for me,
i see that they understand me and do not deny me,
i see that they are worthy of me, i will be the robust husband of
    those women.

they are not one jot less than i am,
they are tannd in the face by shining suns and blowing winds,
their flesh has the old divine suppleness and strength,
they know how to swim, row, ride, wrestle, shoot, run, strike,
    retreat, advance, resist, defend themselves,
they are ultimate in their own right--they are calm, clear,
    well-possessd of themselves.

i draw you close to me, you women,
i cannot let you go, i would do you good,
i am for you, and you are for me, not only for our own sake, but for
    others sakes,
envelopd in you sleep greater heroes and bards,
they refuse to awake at the touch of any man but me.

it is i, you women, i make my way,
i am stern, acrid, large, undissuadable, but i love you,
i do not hurt you any more than is necessary for you,
i pour the stuff to start sons and daughters fit for these states, i
    press with slow rude muscle,
i brace myself effectually, i listen to no entreaties,
i dare not withdraw till i deposit what has so long accumulated within me.

through you i drain the pent-up rivers of myself,
in you i wrap a thousand onward years,
on you i graft the grafts of the best-beloved of me and america,
the drops i distil upon you shall grow fierce and athletic girls,
    new artists, musicians, and singers,
the babes i beget upon you are to beget babes in their turn,
i shall demand perfect men and women out of my love-spendings,
i shall expect them to interpenetrate with others, as i and you
    inter-penetrate now,
i shall count on the fruits of the gushing showers of them, as i
    count on the fruits of the gushing showers i give now,
i shall look for loving crops from the birth, life, death,
    immortality, i plant so lovingly now.



}  spontaneous me

spontaneous me, nature,
the loving day, the mounting sun, the friend i am happy with,
the arm of my friend hanging idly over my shoulder,
the hillside whitend with blossoms of the mountain ash,
the same late in autumn, the hues of red, yellow, drab, purple, and
    light and dark green,
the rich coverlet of the grass, animals and birds, the private
    untrimmd bank, the primitive apples, the pebble-stones,
beautiful dripping fragments, the negligent list of one after
    another as i happen to call them to me or think of them,
the real poems, (what we call poems being merely pictures,)
the poems of the privacy of the night, and of men like me,
this poem drooping shy and unseen that i always carry, and that all
    men carry,
(know once for all, avowd on purpose, wherever are men like me, are
    our lusty lurking masculine poems,)
love-thoughts, love-juice, love-odor, love-yielding, love-climbers,
    and the climbing sap,
arms and hands of love, lips of love, phallic thumb of love, breasts
    of love, bellies pressd and glued together with love,
earth of chaste love, life that is only life after love,
the body of my love, the body of the woman i love, the body of the
    man, the body of the earth,
soft forenoon airs that blow from the south-west,
the hairy wild-bee that murmurs and hankers up and down, that gripes the
    full-grown lady-flower, curves upon her with amorous firm legs, takes
    his will of her, and holds himself tremulous and tight till he is
    satisfied;
the wet of woods through the early hours,
two sleepers at night lying close together as they sleep, one with
    an arm slanting down across and below the waist of the other,
the smell of apples, aromas from crushd sage-plant, mint, birch-bark,
the boys longings, the glow and pressure as he confides to me what
    he was dreaming,
the dead leaf whirling its spiral whirl and falling still and
    content to the ground,
the no-formd stings that sights, people, objects, sting me with,
the hubbd sting of myself, stinging me as much as it ever can any
    one,
the sensitive, orbic, underlappd brothers, that only privileged
    feelers may be intimate where they are,
the curious roamer the hand roaming all over the body, the bashful
    withdrawing of flesh where the fingers soothingly pause and
    edge themselves,
the limpid liquid within the young man,
the vexd corrosion so pensive and so painful,
the torment, the irritable tide that will not be at rest,
the like of the same i feel, the like of the same in others,
the young man that flushes and flushes, and the young woman that
    flushes and flushes,
the young man that wakes deep at night, the hot hand seeking to
    repress what would master him,
the mystic amorous night, the strange half-welcome pangs, visions, sweats,
the pulse pounding through palms and trembling encircling fingers,
    the young man all colord, red, ashamed, angry;
the souse upon me of my lover the sea, as i lie willing and naked,
the merriment of the twin babes that crawl over the grass in the
    sun, the mother never turning her vigilant eyes from them,
the walnut-trunk, the walnut-husks, and the ripening or ripend
    long-round walnuts,
the continence of vegetables, birds, animals,
the consequent meanness of me should i skulk or find myself indecent,
    while birds and animals never once skulk or find themselves indecent,
the great chastity of paternity, to match the great chastity of maternity,
the oath of procreation i have sworn, my adamic and fresh daughters,
the greed that eats me day and night with hungry gnaw, till i saturate
    what shall produce boys to fill my place when i am through,
the wholesome relief, repose, content,
and this bunch pluckd at random from myself,
it has done its work--i toss it carelessly to fall where it may.



}  one hour to madness and joy

one hour to madness and joy! o furious! o confine me not!
(what is this that frees me so in storms?
what do my shouts amid lightnings and raging winds mean?)
o to drink the mystic deliria deeper than any other man!
o savage and tender achings! (i bequeath them to you my children,
i tell them to you, for reasons, o bridegroom and bride.)

o to be yielded to you whoever you are, and you to be yielded to me
    in defiance of the world!
o to return to paradise! o bashful and feminine!
o to draw you to me, to plant on you for the first time the lips of
    a determind man.

o the puzzle, the thrice-tied knot, the deep and dark pool, all
    untied and illumind!
o to speed where there is space enough and air enough at last!
to be absolvd from previous ties and conventions, i from mine and
    you from yours!
to find a new unthought-of nonchalance with the best of nature!
to have the gag removd from ones mouth!
to have the feeling to-day or any day i am sufficient as i am.

o something unprovd! something in a trance!
to escape utterly from others anchors and holds!
to drive free! to love free! to dash reckless and dangerous!
to court destruction with taunts, with invitations!
to ascend, to leap to the heavens of the love indicated to me!
to rise thither with my inebriate soul!
to be lost if it must be so!
to feed the remainder of life with one hour of fulness and freedom!
with one brief hour of madness and joy.



}  out of the rolling ocean the crowd

out of the rolling ocean the crowd came a drop gently to me,
whispering i love you, before long i die,
i have traveld a long way merely to look on you to touch you,
for i could not die till i once lookd on you,
for i feard i might afterward lose you.

now we have met, we have lookd, we are safe,
return in peace to the ocean my love,
i too am part of that ocean my love, we are not so much separated,
behold the great rondure, the cohesion of all, how perfect!
but as for me, for you, the irresistible sea is to separate us,
as for an hour carrying us diverse, yet cannot carry us diverse forever;
be not impatient--a little space--know you i salute the air, the
    ocean and the land,
every day at sundown for your dear sake my love.



}  ages and ages returning at intervals

ages and ages returning at intervals,
undestroyd, wandering immortal,
lusty, phallic, with the potent original loins, perfectly sweet,
i, chanter of adamic songs,
through the new garden the west, the great cities calling,
deliriate, thus prelude what is generated, offering these, offering myself,
bathing myself, bathing my songs in sex,
offspring of my loins.



}  we two, how long we were foold

we two, how long we were foold,
now transmuted, we swiftly escape as nature escapes,
we are nature, long have we been absent, but now we return,
we become plants, trunks, foliage, roots, bark,
we are bedded in the ground, we are rocks,
we are oaks, we grow in the openings side by side,
we browse, we are two among the wild herds spontaneous as any,
we are two fishes swimming in the sea together,
we are what locust blossoms are, we drop scent around lanes mornings
    and evenings,
we are also the coarse smut of beasts, vegetables, minerals,
we are two predatory hawks, we soar above and look down,
we are two resplendent suns, we it is who balance ourselves orbic
    and stellar, we are as two comets,
we prowl fangd and four-footed in the woods, we spring on prey,
we are two clouds forenoons and afternoons driving overhead,
we are seas mingling, we are two of those cheerful waves rolling
    over each other and interwetting each other,
we are what the atmosphere is, transparent, receptive, pervious, impervious,
we are snow, rain, cold, darkness, we are each product and influence
    of the globe,
we have circled and circled till we have arrived home again, we two,
we have voided all but freedom and all but our own joy.



}  o hymen! o hymenee!

o hymen! o hymenee! why do you tantalize me thus?
o why sting me for a swift moment only?
why can you not continue? o why do you now cease?
is it because if you continued beyond the swift moment you would
    soon certainly kill me?



}  i am he that aches with love

i am he that aches with amorous love;
does the earth gravitate? does not all matter, aching, attract all matter?
so the body of me to all i meet or know.



}  native moments

native moments--when you come upon me--ah you are here now,
give me now libidinous joys only,
give me the drench of my passions, give me life coarse and rank,
to-day i go consort with natures darlings, to-night too,
i am for those who believe in loose delights, i share the midnight
    orgies of young men,
i dance with the dancers and drink with the drinkers,
the echoes ring with our indecent calls, i pick out some low person
    for my dearest friend,
he shall be lawless, rude, illiterate, he shall be one condemnd by
    others for deeds done,
i will play a part no longer, why should i exile myself from my companions?
o you shunnd persons, i at least do not shun you,
i come forthwith in your midst, i will be your poet,
i will be more to you than to any of the rest.



}  once i passd through a populous city

once i passd through a populous city imprinting my brain for future
    use with its shows, architecture, customs, traditions,
yet now of all that city i remember only a woman i casually met
    there who detaind me for love of me,
day by day and night by night we were together--all else has long
    been forgotten by me,
i remember i say only that woman who passionately clung to me,
again we wander, we love, we separate again,
again she holds me by the hand, i must not go,
i see her close beside me with silent lips sad and tremulous.



}  i heard you solemn-sweet pipes of the organ

i heard you solemn-sweet pipes of the organ as last sunday morn i
    passd the church,
winds of autumn, as i walkd the woods at dusk i heard your long-
    stretchd sighs up above so mournful,
i heard the perfect italian tenor singing at the opera, i heard the
    soprano in the midst of the quartet singing;
heart of my love! you too i heard murmuring low through one of the
    wrists around my head,
heard the pulse of you when all was still ringing little bells last
    night under my ear.



}  facing west from californias shores

facing west from californias shores,
inquiring, tireless, seeking what is yet unfound,
i, a child, very old, over waves, towards the house of maternity,
    the land of migrations, look afar,
look off the shores of my western sea, the circle almost circled;
for starting westward from hindustan, from the vales of kashmere,
from asia, from the north, from the god, the sage, and the hero,
from the south, from the flowery peninsulas and the spice islands,
long having wanderd since, round the earth having wanderd,
now i face home again, very pleasd and joyous,
(but where is what i started for so long ago?
and why is it yet unfound?)



}  as adam early in the morning

as adam early in the morning,
walking forth from the bower refreshd with sleep,
behold me where i pass, hear my voice, approach,
touch me, touch the palm of your hand to my body as i pass,
be not afraid of my body.



[book v.  calamus]

}  in paths untrodden

in paths untrodden,
in the growth by margins of pond-waters,
escaped from the lite that exhibits itself,
from all the standards hitherto publishd, from the pleasures,
    profits, conformities,
which too long i was offering to feed my soul,
clear to me now standards not yet publishd, clear to me that my soul,
that the soul of the man i speak for rejoices in comrades,
here by myself away from the clank of the world,
tallying and talkd to here by tongues aromatic,
no longer abashd, (for in this secluded spot i can respond as i
    would not dare elsewhere,)
strong upon me the life that does not exhibit itself, yet contains
    all the rest,
resolvd to sing no songs to-day but those of manly attachment,
projecting them along that substantial life,
bequeathing hence types of athletic love,
afternoon this delicious ninth-month in my forty-first year,
i proceed for all who are or have been young men,
to tell the secret my nights and days,
to celebrate the need of comrades.



}  scented herbage of my breast

scented herbage of my breast,
leaves from you i glean, i write, to be perused best afterwards,
tomb-leaves, body-leaves growing up above me above death,
perennial roots, tall leaves, o the winter shall not freeze you
    delicate leaves,
every year shall you bloom again, out from where you retired you
    shall emerge again;
o i do not know whether many passing by will discover you or inhale
    your faint odor, but i believe a few will;
o slender leaves! o blossoms of my blood! i permit you to tell in
    your own way of the heart that is under you,
o i do not know what you mean there underneath yourselves, you are
    not happiness,
you are often more bitter than i can bear, you burn and sting me,
yet you are beautiful to me you faint tinged roots, you make me
    think of death,
death is beautiful from you, (what indeed is finally beautiful
    except death and love?)
o i think it is not for life i am chanting here my chant of lovers,
    i think it must be for death,
for how calm, how solemn it grows to ascend to the atmosphere of lovers,
death or life i am then indifferent, my soul declines to prefer,
(i am not sure but the high soul of lovers welcomes death most,)
indeed o death, i think now these leaves mean precisely the same as
    you mean,
grow up taller sweet leaves that i may see! grow up out of my breast!
spring away from the conceald heart there!
do not fold yourself so in your pink-tinged roots timid leaves!
do not remain down there so ashamed, herbage of my breast!
come i am determind to unbare this broad breast of mine, i have
    long enough stifled and choked;
emblematic and capricious blades i leave you, now you serve me not,
i will say what i have to say by itself,
i will sound myself and comrades only, i will never again utter a
    call only their call,
i will raise with it immortal reverberations through the states,
i will give an example to lovers to take permanent shape and will
    through the states,
through me shall the words be said to make death exhilarating,
give me your tone therefore o death, that i may accord with it,
give me yourself, for i see that you belong to me now above all, and
    are folded inseparably together, you love and death are,
nor will i allow you to balk me any more with what i was calling life,
for now it is conveyd to me that you are the purports essential,
that you hide in these shifting forms of life, for reasons, and that
    they are mainly for you,
that you beyond them come forth to remain, the real reality,
that behind the mask of materials you patiently wait, no matter how long,
that you will one day perhaps take control of all,
that you will perhaps dissipate this entire show of appearance,
that may-be you are what it is all for, but it does not last so very long,
but you will last very long.



}  whoever you are holding me now in hand

whoever you are holding me now in hand,
without one thing all will be useless,
i give you fair warning before you attempt me further,
i am not what you supposed, but far different.

who is he that would become my follower?
who would sign himself a candidate for my affections?

the way is suspicious, the result uncertain, perhaps destructive,
you would have to give up all else, i alone would expect to be your
    sole and exclusive standard,
your novitiate would even then be long and exhausting,
the whole past theory of your life and all conformity to the lives
    around you would have to be abandond,
therefore release me now before troubling yourself any further, let
    go your hand from my shoulders,
put me down and depart on your way.

or else by stealth in some wood for trial,
or back of a rock in the open air,
(for in any roofd room of a house i emerge not, nor in company,
and in libraries i lie as one dumb, a gawk, or unborn, or dead,)
but just possibly with you on a high hill, first watching lest any
    person for miles around approach unawares,
or possibly with you sailing at sea, or on the beach of the sea or
    some quiet island,
here to put your lips upon mine i permit you,
with the comrades long-dwelling kiss or the new husbands kiss,
for i am the new husband and i am the comrade.

or if you will, thrusting me beneath your clothing,
where i may feel the throbs of your heart or rest upon your hip,
carry me when you go forth over land or sea;
for thus merely touching you is enough, is best,
and thus touching you would i silently sleep and be carried eternally.

but these leaves conning you con at peril,
for these leaves and me you will not understand,
they will elude you at first and still more afterward, i will
    certainly elude you.
even while you should think you had unquestionably caught me, behold!
already you see i have escaped from you.

for it is not for what i have put into it that i have written this book,
nor is it by reading it you will acquire it,
nor do those know me best who admire me and vauntingly praise me,
nor will the candidates for my love (unless at most a very few)
    prove victorious,
nor will my poems do good only, they will do just as much evil,
    perhaps more,
for all is useless without that which you may guess at many times
    and not hit, that which i hinted at;
therefore release me and depart on your way.



}  for you, o democracy

come, i will make the continent indissoluble,
i will make the most splendid race the sun ever shone upon,
i will make divine magnetic lands,
     with the love of comrades,
       with the life-long love of comrades.

i will plant companionship thick as trees along all the rivers of america,
    and along the shores of the great lakes, and all over the prairies,
i will make inseparable cities with their arms about each others necks,
     by the love of comrades,
       by the manly love of comrades.

for you these from me, o democracy, to serve you ma femme!
for you, for you i am trilling these songs.



}  these i singing in spring

these i singing in spring collect for lovers,
(for who but i should understand lovers and all their sorrow and joy?
and who but i should be the poet of comrades?)
collecting i traverse the garden the world, but soon i pass the gates,
now along the pond-side, now wading in a little, fearing not the wet,
now by the post-and-rail fences where the old stones thrown there,
    pickd from the fields, have accumulated,
(wild-flowers and vines and weeds come up through the stones and
    partly cover them, beyond these i pass,)
far, far in the forest, or sauntering later in summer, before i
    think where i go,
solitary, smelling the earthy smell, stopping now and then in the silence,
alone i had thought, yet soon a troop gathers around me,
some walk by my side and some behind, and some embrace my arms or neck,
they the spirits of dear friends dead or alive, thicker they come, a
    great crowd, and i in the middle,
collecting, dispensing, singing, there i wander with them,
plucking something for tokens, tossing toward whoever is near me,
here, lilac, with a branch of pine,
here, out of my pocket, some moss which i pulld off a live-oak in
    florida as it hung trailing down,
here, some pinks and laurel leaves, and a handful of sage,
and here what i now draw from the water, wading in the pondside,
(o here i last saw him that tenderly loves me, and returns again
    never to separate from me,
and this, o this shall henceforth be the token of comrades, this
    calamus-root shall,
interchange it youths with each other! let none render it back!)
and twigs of maple and a bunch of wild orange and chestnut,
and stems of currants and plum-blows, and the aromatic cedar,
these i compassd around by a thick cloud of spirits,
wandering, point to or touch as i pass, or throw them loosely from me,
indicating to each one what he shall have, giving something to each;
but what i drew from the water by the pond-side, that i reserve,
i will give of it, but only to them that love as i myself am capable
    of loving.



}  not heaving from my ribbd breast only

not heaving from my ribbd breast only,
not in sighs at night in rage dissatisfied with myself,
not in those long-drawn, ill-supprest sighs,
not in many an oath and promise broken,
not in my wilful and savage souls volition,
not in the subtle nourishment of the air,
not in this beating and pounding at my temples and wrists,
not in the curious systole and diastole within which will one day cease,
not in many a hungry wish told to the skies only,
not in cries, laughter, defiancies, thrown from me when alone far in
    the wilds,
not in husky pantings through clinchd teeth,
not in sounded and resounded words, chattering words, echoes, dead words,
not in the murmurs of my dreams while i sleep,
nor the other murmurs of these incredible dreams of every day,
nor in the limbs and senses of my body that take you and dismiss you
    continually--not there,
not in any or all of them o adhesiveness! o pulse of my life!
need i that you exist and show yourself any more than in these songs.



}  of the terrible doubt of appearances

of the terrible doubt of appearances,
of the uncertainty after all, that we may be deluded,
that may-be reliance and hope are but speculations after all,
that may-be identity beyond the grave is a beautiful fable only,
may-be the things i perceive, the animals, plants, men, hills,
    shining and flowing waters,
the skies of day and night, colors, densities, forms, may-be these
    are (as doubtless they are) only apparitions, and the real
    something has yet to be known,
(how often they dart out of themselves as if to confound me and mock me!
how often i think neither i know, nor any man knows, aught of them,)
may-be seeming to me what they are (as doubtless they indeed but seem)
    as from my present point of view, and might prove (as of course they
    would) nought of what they appear, or nought anyhow, from entirely
    changed points of view;
to me these and the like of these are curiously answerd by my
    lovers, my dear friends,
when he whom i love travels with me or sits a long while holding me
    by the hand,
when the subtle air, the impalpable, the sense that words and reason
    hold not, surround us and pervade us,
then i am charged with untold and untellable wisdom, i am silent, i
    require nothing further,
i cannot answer the question of appearances or that of identity
    beyond the grave,
but i walk or sit indifferent, i am satisfied,
he ahold of my hand has completely satisfied me.



}  the base of all metaphysics

and now gentlemen,
a word i give to remain in your memories and minds,
as base and finale too for all metaphysics.

(so to the students the old professor,
at the close of his crowded course.)

having studied the new and antique, the greek and germanic systems,
kant having studied and stated, fichte and schelling and hegel,
stated the lore of plato, and socrates greater than plato,
and greater than socrates sought and stated, christ divine having
    studied long,
i see reminiscent to-day those greek and germanic systems,
see the philosophies all, christian churches and tenets see,
yet underneath socrates clearly see, and underneath christ the divine i see,
the dear love of man for his comrade, the attraction of friend to friend,
of the well-married husband and wife, of children and parents,
of city for city and land for land.



}  recorders ages hence

recorders ages hence,
come, i will take you down underneath this impassive exterior, i
    will tell you what to say of me,
publish my name and hang up my picture as that of the tenderest lover,
the friend the lovers portrait, of whom his friend his lover was fondest,
who was not proud of his songs, but of the measureless ocean of love
    within him, and freely pourd it forth,
who often walkd lonesome walks thinking of his dear friends, his lovers,
who pensive away from one he lovd often lay sleepless and
    dissatisfied at night,
who knew too well the sick, sick dread lest the one he lovd might
    secretly be indifferent to him,
whose happiest days were far away through fields, in woods, on hills,
    he and another wandering hand in hand, they twain apart from other men,
who oft as he saunterd the streets curvd with his arm the shoulder
    of his friend, while the arm of his friend rested upon him also.



}  when i heard at the close of the day

when i heard at the close of the day how my name had been receivd
    with plaudits in the capitol, still it was not a happy night for
    me that followd,
and else when i carousd, or when my plans were accomplishd, still
    i was not happy,
but the day when i rose at dawn from the bed of perfect health,
    refreshd, singing, inhaling the ripe breath of autumn,
when i saw the full moon in the west grow pale and disappear in the
    morning light,
when i wanderd alone over the beach, and undressing bathed,
    laughing with the cool waters, and saw the sun rise,
and when i thought how my dear friend my lover was on his way
    coming, o then i was happy,
o then each breath tasted sweeter, and all that day my food
    nourishd me more, and the beautiful day passd well,
and the next came with equal joy, and with the next at evening came
    my friend,
and that night while all was still i heard the waters roll slowly
    continually up the shores,
i heard the hissing rustle of the liquid and sands as directed to me
    whispering to congratulate me,
for the one i love most lay sleeping by me under the same cover in
    the cool night,
in the stillness in the autumn moonbeams his face was inclined toward me,
and his arm lay lightly around my breast--and that night i was happy.



}  are you the new person drawn toward me?

are you the new person drawn toward me?
to begin with take warning, i am surely far different from what you suppose;
do you suppose you will find in me your ideal?
do you think it so easy to have me become your lover?
do you think the friendship of me would be unalloyd satisfaction?
do you think i am trusty and faithful?
do you see no further than this facade, this smooth and tolerant
    manner of me?
do you suppose yourself advancing on real ground toward a real heroic man?
have you no thought o dreamer that it may be all maya, illusion?



}  roots and leaves themselves alone

roots and leaves themselves alone are these,
scents brought to men and women from the wild woods and pond-side,
breast-sorrel and pinks of love, fingers that wind around tighter
    than vines,
gushes from the throats of birds hid in the foliage of trees as the
    sun is risen,
breezes of land and love set from living shores to you on the living
    sea, to you o sailors!
frost-mellowd berries and third-month twigs offerd fresh to young
    persons wandering out in the fields when the winter breaks up,
love-buds put before you and within you whoever you are,
buds to be unfolded on the old terms,
if you bring the warmth of the sun to them they will open and bring
    form, color, perfume, to you,
if you become the aliment and the wet they will become flowers,
    fruits, tall branches and trees.



}  not heat flames up and consumes

not heat flames up and consumes,
not sea-waves hurry in and out,
not the air delicious and dry, the air of ripe summer, bears lightly
    along white down-balls of myriads of seeds,
waited, sailing gracefully, to drop where they may;
not these, o none of these more than the flames of me, consuming,
    burning for his love whom i love,
o none more than i hurrying in and out;
does the tide hurry, seeking something, and never give up? o i the same,
o nor down-balls nor perfumes, nor the high rain-emitting clouds,
    are borne through the open air,
any more than my soul is borne through the open air,
wafted in all directions o love, for friendship, for you.



}  trickle drops

trickle drops! my blue veins leaving!
o drops of me! trickle, slow drops,
candid from me falling, drip, bleeding drops,
from wounds made to free you whence you were prisond,
from my face, from my forehead and lips,
from my breast, from within where i was conceald, press forth red
    drops, confession drops,
stain every page, stain every song i sing, every word i say, bloody drops,
let them know your scarlet heat, let them glisten,
saturate them with yourself all ashamed and wet,
glow upon all i have written or shall write, bleeding drops,
let it all be seen in your light, blushing drops.



}  city of orgies

city of orgies, walks and joys,
city whom that i have lived and sung in your midst will one day make
not the pageants of you, not your shifting tableaus, your
    spectacles, repay me,
not the interminable rows of your houses, nor the ships at the wharves,
nor the processions in the streets, nor the bright windows with
    goods in them,
nor to converse with learnd persons, or bear my share in the soiree
    or feast;
not those, but as i pass o manhattan, your frequent and swift flash
    of eyes offering me love,
offering response to my own--these repay me,
lovers, continual lovers, only repay me.



}  behold this swarthy face

behold this swarthy face, these gray eyes,
this beard, the white wool unclipt upon my neck,
my brown hands and the silent manner of me without charm;
yet comes one a manhattanese and ever at parting kisses me lightly
    on the lips with robust love,
and i on the crossing of the street or on the ships deck give a
    kiss in return,
we observe that salute of american comrades land and sea,
we are those two natural and nonchalant persons.



}  i saw in louisiana a live-oak growing

i saw in louisiana a live-oak growing,
all alone stood it and the moss hung down from the branches,
without any companion it grew there uttering joyous of dark green,
and its look, rude, unbending, lusty, made me think of myself,
but i wonderd how it could utter joyous leaves standing alone there
    without its friend near, for i knew i could not,
and i broke off a twig with a certain number of leaves upon it and
    twined around it a little moss,
and brought it away, and i have placed it in sight in my room,
it is not needed to remind me as of my own dear friends,
(for i believe lately i think of little else than of them,)
yet it remains to me a curious token, it makes me think of manly love;
for all that, and though the live-oak glistens there in louisiana
    solitary in a wide in a wide flat space,
uttering joyous leaves all its life without a friend a lover near,
i know very well i could not.



}  to a stranger

passing stranger! you do not know how longingly i look upon you,
you must be he i was seeking, or she i was seeking, (it comes to me
    as of a dream,)
i have somewhere surely lived a life of joy with you,
all is recalld as we flit by each other, fluid, affectionate,
    chaste, matured,
you grew up with me, were a boy with me or a girl with me,
i ate with you and slept with you, your body has become not yours
    only nor left my body mine only,
you give me the pleasure of your eyes, face, flesh, as we pass, you
    take of my beard, breast, hands, in return,
i am not to speak to you, i am to think of you when i sit alone or
    wake at night alone,
i am to wait, i do not doubt i am to meet you again,
i am to see to it that i do not lose you.



}  this moment yearning and thoughtful

this moment yearning and thoughtful sitting alone,
it seems to me there are other men in other lands yearning and thoughtful,
it seems to me i can look over and behold them in germany, italy,
    france, spain,
or far, far away, in china, or in russia or talking other dialects,
and it seems to me if i could know those men i should become
    attached to them as i do to men in my own lands,
o i know we should be brethren and lovers,
i know i should be happy with them.



}  i hear it was charged against me

i hear it was charged against me that i sought to destroy institutions,
but really i am neither for nor against institutions,
(what indeed have i in common with them? or what with the
    destruction of them?)
only i will establish in the mannahatta and in every city of these
    states inland and seaboard,
and in the fields and woods, and above every keel little or large
    that dents the water,
without edifices or rules or trustees or any argument,
the institution of the dear love of comrades.



}  the prairie-grass dividing

the prairie-grass dividing, its special odor breathing,
i demand of it the spiritual corresponding,
demand the most copious and close companionship of men,
demand the blades to rise of words, acts, beings,
those of the open atmosphere, coarse, sunlit, fresh, nutritious,
those that go their own gait, erect, stepping with freedom and
    command, leading not following,
those with a never-quelld audacity, those with sweet and lusty
    flesh clear of taint,
those that look carelessly in the faces of presidents and governors,
    as to say who are you?
those of earth-born passion, simple, never constraind, never obedient,
those of inland america.



}  when i persue the conquerd fame

when i peruse the conquerd fame of heroes and the victories of
    mighty generals, i do not envy the generals,
nor the president in his presidency, nor the rich in his great house,
but when i hear of the brotherhood of lovers, how it was with them,
how together through life, through dangers, odium, unchanging, long
    and long,
through youth and through middle and old age, how unfaltering, how
    affectionate and faithful they were,
then i am pensive--i hastily walk away filld with the bitterest envy.



}  we two boys together clinging

we two boys together clinging,
one the other never leaving,
up and down the roads going, north and south excursions making,
power enjoying, elbows stretching, fingers clutching,
armd and fearless, eating, drinking, sleeping, loving.
no law less than ourselves owning, sailing, soldiering, thieving,
    threatening,
misers, menials, priests alarming, air breathing, water drinking, on
    the turf or the sea-beach dancing,
cities wrenching, ease scorning, statutes mocking, feebleness chasing,
fulfilling our foray.



}  a promise to california

a promise to california,
or inland to the great pastoral plains, and on to puget sound and oregon;
sojourning east a while longer, soon i travel toward you, to remain,
    to teach robust american love,
for i know very well that i and robust love belong among you,
    inland, and along the western sea;
for these states tend inland and toward the western sea, and i will also.



}  here the frailest leaves of me

here the frailest leaves of me and yet my strongest lasting,
here i shade and hide my thoughts, i myself do not expose them,
and yet they expose me more than all my other poems.



}  no labor-saving machine

no labor-saving machine,
nor discovery have i made,
nor will i be able to leave behind me any wealthy bequest to found
    hospital or library,
nor reminiscence of any deed of courage for america,
nor literary success nor intellect; nor book for the book-shelf,
but a few carols vibrating through the air i leave,
for comrades and lovers.



}  a glimpse

a glimpse through an interstice caught,
of a crowd of workmen and drivers in a bar-room around the stove
    late of a winter night, and i unremarkd seated in a corner,
of a youth who loves me and whom i love, silently approaching and
    seating himself near, that he may hold me by the hand,
a long while amid the noises of coming and going, of drinking and
    oath and smutty jest,
there we two, content, happy in being together, speaking little,
    perhaps not a word.



}  a leaf for hand in hand

a leaf for hand in hand;
you natural persons old and young!
you on the mississippi and on all the branches and bayous of
    the mississippi!
you friendly boatmen and mechanics! you roughs!
you twain! and all processions moving along the streets!
i wish to infuse myself among you till i see it common for you to
    walk hand in hand.



}  earth, my likeness

earth, my likeness,
though you look so impassive, ample and spheric there,
i now suspect that is not all;
i now suspect there is something fierce in you eligible to burst forth,
for an athlete is enamourd of me, and i of him,
but toward him there is something fierce and terrible in me eligible
    to burst forth,
i dare not tell it in words, not even in these songs.



}  i dreamd in a dream

i dreamd in a dream i saw a city invincible to the attacks of the
    whole of the rest of the earth,
i dreamd that was the new city of friends,
nothing was greater there than the quality of robust love, it led the rest,
it was seen every hour in the actions of the men of that city,
and in all their looks and words.



}  what think you i take my pen in hand?

what think you i take my pen in hand to record?
the battle-ship, perfect-modeld, majestic, that i saw pass the
    offing to-day under full sail?
the splendors of the past day? or the splendor of the night that
    envelops me?
or the vaunted glory and growth of the great city spread around me? --no;
but merely of two simple men i saw to-day on the pier in the midst
    of the crowd, parting the parting of dear friends,
the one to remain hung on the others neck and passionately kissd him,
while the one to depart tightly prest the one to remain in his arms.



}  to the east and to the west

to the east and to the west,
to the man of the seaside state and of pennsylvania,
to the kanadian of the north, to the southerner i love,
these with perfect trust to depict you as myself, the germs are in all men,
i believe the main purport of these states is to found a superb
    friendship, exalte, previously unknown,
because i perceive it waits, and has been always waiting, latent in all men.



}  sometimes with one i love

sometimes with one i love i fill myself with rage for fear i effuse
    unreturnd love,
but now i think there is no unreturnd love, the pay is certain one
    way or another,
(i loved a certain person ardently and my love was not returnd,
yet out of that i have written these songs.)



}  to a western boy

many things to absorb i teach to help you become eleve of mine;
yet if blood like mine circle not in your veins,
if you be not silently selected by lovers and do not silently select lovers,
of what use is it that you seek to become eleve of mine?



}  fast anchord eternal o love!

fast-anchord eternal o love! o woman i love!
o bride! o wife! more resistless than i can tell, the thought of you!
then separate, as disembodied or another born,
ethereal, the last athletic reality, my consolation,
i ascend, i float in the regions of your love o man,
o sharer of my roving life.



}  among the multitude

among the men and women the multitude,
i perceive one picking me out by secret and divine signs,
acknowledging none else, not parent, wife, husband, brother, child,
    any nearer than i am,
some are baffled, but that one is not--that one knows me.

ah lover and perfect equal,
i meant that you should discover me so by faint indirections,
and i when i meet you mean to discover you by the like in you.



}  o you whom i often and silently come

o you whom i often and silently come where you are that i may be with you,
as i walk by your side or sit near, or remain in the same room with you,
little you know the subtle electric fire that for your sake is
    playing within me.



}  that shadow my likeness

that shadow my likeness that goes to and fro seeking a livelihood,
    chattering, chaffering,
how often i find myself standing and looking at it where it flits,
how often i question and doubt whether that is really me;
but among my lovers and caroling these songs,
o i never doubt whether that is really me.



}  full of life now

full of life now, compact, visible,
i, forty years old the eighty-third year of the states,
to one a century hence or any number of centuries hence,
to you yet unborn these, seeking you.

when you read these i that was visible am become invisible,
now it is you, compact, visible, realizing my poems, seeking me,
fancying how happy you were if i could be with you and become your comrade;
be it as if i were with you. (be not too certain but i am now with you.)



[book vi]

}  salut au monde!

     1
o take my hand walt whitman!
such gliding wonders! such sights and sounds!
such joind unended links, each hookd to the next,
each answering all, each sharing the earth with all.

what widens within you walt whitman?
what waves and soils exuding?
what climes? what persons and cities are here?
who are the infants, some playing, some slumbering?
who are the girls? who are the married women?
who are the groups of old men going slowly with their arms about
    each others necks?
what rivers are these? what forests and fruits are these?
what are the mountains calld that rise so high in the mists?
what myriads of dwellings are they filld with dwellers?

     2
within me latitude widens, longitude lengthens,
asia, africa, europe, are to the east--america is provided for in the west,
banding the bulge of the earth winds the hot equator,
curiously north and south turn the axis-ends,
within me is the longest day, the sun wheels in slanting rings, it
    does not set for months,
stretchd in due time within me the midnight sun just rises above
    the horizon and sinks again,
within me zones, seas, cataracts, forests, volcanoes, groups,
malaysia, polynesia, and the great west indian islands.

     3
what do you hear walt whitman?

i hear the workman singing and the farmers wife singing,
i hear in the distance the sounds of children and of animals early
    in the day,
i hear emulous shouts of australians pursuing the wild horse,
i hear the spanish dance with castanets in the chestnut shade, to
    the rebeck and guitar,
i hear continual echoes from the thames,
i hear fierce french liberty songs,
i hear of the italian boat-sculler the musical recitative of old poems,
i hear the locusts in syria as they strike the grain and grass with
    the showers of their terrible clouds,
i hear the coptic refrain toward sundown, pensively falling on the
    breast of the black venerable vast mother the nile,
i hear the chirp of the mexican muleteer, and the bells of the mule,
i hear the arab muezzin calling from the top of the mosque,
i hear the christian priests at the altars of their churches, i hear
    the responsive base and soprano,
i hear the cry of the cossack, and the sailors voice putting to sea
    at okotsk,
i hear the wheeze of the slave-coffle as the slaves march on, as the
    husky gangs pass on by twos and threes, fastend together
    with wrist-chains and ankle-chains,
i hear the hebrew reading his records and psalms,
i hear the rhythmic myths of the greeks, and the strong legends of
    the romans,
i hear the tale of the divine life and bloody death of the beautiful
    god the christ,
i hear the hindoo teaching his favorite pupil the loves, wars,
    adages, transmitted safely to this day from poets who wrote three
    thousand years ago.

     4
what do you see walt whitman?
who are they you salute, and that one after another salute you?
i see a great round wonder rolling through space,
i see diminute farms, hamlets, ruins, graveyards, jails, factories,
    palaces, hovels, huts of barbarians, tents of nomads upon the surface,
i see the shaded part on one side where the sleepers are sleeping,
    and the sunlit part on the other side,
i see the curious rapid change of the light and shade,
i see distant lands, as real and near to the inhabitants of them as
    my land is to me.

i see plenteous waters,
i see mountain peaks, i see the sierras of andes where they range,
i see plainly the himalayas, chian shahs, altays, ghauts,
i see the giant pinnacles of elbruz, kazbek, bazardjusi,
i see the styrian alps, and the karnac alps,
i see the pyrenees, balks, carpathians, and to the north the
    dofrafields, and off at sea mount hecla,
i see vesuvius and etna, the mountains of the moon, and the red
    mountains of madagascar,
i see the lybian, arabian, and asiatic deserts,
i see huge dreadful arctic and antarctic icebergs,
i see the superior oceans and the inferior ones, the atlantic and
    pacific, the sea of mexico, the brazilian sea, and the sea of peru,
the waters of hindustan, the china sea, and the gulf of guinea,
the japan waters, the beautiful bay of nagasaki land-lockd in its
    mountains,
the spread of the baltic, caspian, bothnia, the british shores, and
    the bay of biscay,
the clear-sunnd mediterranean, and from one to another of its islands,
the white sea, and the sea around greenland.

i behold the mariners of the world,
some are in storms, some in the night with the watch on the lookout,
some drifting helplessly, some with contagious diseases.

i behold the sail and steamships of the world, some in clusters in
    port, some on their voyages,
some double the cape of storms, some cape verde, others capes
    guardafui, bon, or bajadore,
others dondra head, others pass the straits of sunda, others cape
    lopatka, others behrings straits,
others cape horn, others sail the gulf of mexico or along cuba or
    hayti, others hudsons bay or baffins bay,
others pass the straits of dover, others enter the wash, others the
    firth of solway, others round cape clear, others the lands end,
others traverse the zuyder zee or the scheld,
others as comers and goers at gibraltar or the dardanelles,
others sternly push their way through the northern winter-packs,
others descend or ascend the obi or the lena,
others the niger or the congo, others the indus, the burampooter
    and cambodia,
others wait steamd up ready to start in the ports of australia,
wait at liverpool, glasgow, dublin, marseilles, lisbon, naples,
hamburg, bremen, bordeaux, the hague, copenhagen,
wait at valparaiso, rio janeiro, panama.

     5
i see the tracks of the railroads of the earth,
i see them in great britain, i see them in europe,
i see them in asia and in africa.

i see the electric telegraphs of the earth,
i see the filaments of the news of the wars, deaths, losses, gains,
    passions, of my race.

i see the long river-stripes of the earth,
i see the amazon and the paraguay,
i see the four great rivers of china, the amour, the yellow river,
    the yiang-tse, and the pearl,
i see where the seine flows, and where the danube, the loire, the
    rhone, and the guadalquiver flow,
i see the windings of the volga, the dnieper, the oder,
i see the tuscan going down the arno, and the venetian along the po,
i see the greek seaman sailing out of egina bay.

     6
i see the site of the old empire of assyria, and that of persia, and
    that of india,
i see the falling of the ganges over the high rim of saukara.

i see the place of the idea of the deity incarnated by avatars in
    human forms,
i see the spots of the successions of priests on the earth, oracles,
    sacrificers, brahmins, sabians, llamas, monks, muftis, exhorters,
i see where druids walkd the groves of mona, i see the mistletoe
    and vervain,
i see the temples of the deaths of the bodies of gods, i see the old
    signifiers.

i see christ eating the bread of his last supper in the midst of
    youths and old persons,
i see where the strong divine young man the hercules toild
    faithfully and long and then died,
i see the place of the innocent rich life and hapless fate of the
    beautiful nocturnal son, the full-limbd bacchus,
i see kneph, blooming, drest in blue, with the crown of feathers on
    his head,
i see hermes, unsuspected, dying, well-belovd, saying to the people
    do not weep for me,
this is not my true country, i have lived banishd from my true
    country, i now go back there,
i return to the celestial sphere where every one goes in his turn.

     7
i see the battle-fields of the earth, grass grows upon them and
    blossoms and corn,
i see the tracks of ancient and modern expeditions.

i see the nameless masonries, venerable messages of the unknown
    events, heroes, records of the earth.

i see the places of the sagas,
i see pine-trees and fir-trees torn by northern blasts,
i see granite bowlders and cliffs, i see green meadows and lakes,
i see the burial-cairns of scandinavian warriors,
i see them raised high with stones by the marge of restless oceans,
    that the dead mens spirits when they wearied of their quiet
    graves might rise up through the mounds and gaze on the tossing
    billows, and be refreshd by storms, immensity, liberty, action.

i see the steppes of asia,
i see the tumuli of mongolia, i see the tents of kalmucks and baskirs,
i see the nomadic tribes with herds of oxen and cows,
i see the table-lands notchd with ravines, i see the jungles and deserts,
i see the camel, the wild steed, the bustard, the fat-taild sheep,
    the antelope, and the burrowing wolf

i see the highlands of abyssinia,
i see flocks of goats feeding, and see the fig-tree, tamarind, date,
and see fields of teff-wheat and places of verdure and gold.

i see the brazilian vaquero,
i see the bolivian ascending mount sorata,
i see the wacho crossing the plains, i see the incomparable rider of
    horses with his lasso on his arm,
i see over the pampas the pursuit of wild cattle for their hides.

     8
i see the regions of snow and ice,
i see the sharp-eyed samoiede and the finn,
i see the seal-seeker in his boat poising his lance,
i see the siberian on his slight-built sledge drawn by dogs,
i see the porpoise-hunters, i see the whale-crews of the south
    pacific and the north atlantic,
i see the cliffs, glaciers, torrents, valleys, of switzerland--i
    mark the long winters and the isolation.

i see the cities of the earth and make myself at random a part of them,
i am a real parisian,
i am a habitan of vienna, st. petersburg, berlin, constantinople,
i am of adelaide, sidney, melbourne,
i am of london, manchester, bristol, edinburgh, limerick,
i am of madrid, cadiz, barcelona, oporto, lyons, brussels, berne,
    frankfort, stuttgart, turin, florence,
i belong in moscow, cracow, warsaw, or northward in christiania or
    stockholm, or in siberian irkutsk, or in some street in iceland,
i descend upon all those cities, and rise from them again.

     10
i see vapors exhaling from unexplored countries,
i see the savage types, the bow and arrow, the poisond splint, the
    fetich, and the obi.
i see african and asiatic towns,
i see algiers, tripoli, derne, mogadore, timbuctoo, monrovia,
i see the swarms of pekin, canton, benares, delhi, calcutta, tokio,
i see the kruman in his hut, and the dahoman and ashantee-man in their huts,
i see the turk smoking opium in aleppo,
i see the picturesque crowds at the fairs of khiva and those of herat,
i see teheran, i see muscat and medina and the intervening sands,
    see the caravans toiling onward,
i see egypt and the egyptians, i see the pyramids and obelisks.
i look on chiselld histories, records of conquering kings,
    dynasties, cut in slabs of sand-stone, or on granite-blocks,
i see at memphis mummy-pits containing mummies embalmd,
    swathed in linen cloth, lying there many centuries,
i look on the falln theban, the large-balld eyes, the
    side-drooping neck, the hands folded across the breast.

i see all the menials of the earth, laboring,
i see all the prisoners in the prisons,
i see the defective human bodies of the earth,
the blind, the deaf and dumb, idiots, hunchbacks, lunatics,
the pirates, thieves, betrayers, murderers, slave-makers of the earth,
the helpless infants, and the helpless old men and women.

i see male and female everywhere,
i see the serene brotherhood of philosophs,
i see the constructiveness of my race,
i see the results of the perseverance and industry of my race,
i see ranks, colors, barbarisms, civilizations, i go among them, i
    mix indiscriminately,
and i salute all the inhabitants of the earth.

     11
you whoever you are!
you daughter or son of england!
you of the mighty slavic tribes and empires! you russ in russia!
you dim-descended, black, divine-sould african, large, fine-headed,
    nobly-formd, superbly destind, on equal terms with me!
you norwegian! swede! dane! icelander! you prussian!
you spaniard of spain! you portuguese!
you frenchwoman and frenchman of france!
you belge! you liberty-lover of the netherlands! (you stock whence i
    myself have descended;)
you sturdy austrian! you lombard! hun! bohemian! farmer of styria!
you neighbor of the danube!
you working-man of the rhine, the elbe, or the weser! you working-woman too!
you sardinian! you bavarian! swabian! saxon! wallachian! bulgarian!
you roman! neapolitan! you greek!
you lithe matador in the arena at seville!
you mountaineer living lawlessly on the taurus or caucasus!
you bokh horse-herd watching your mares and stallions feeding!
you beautiful-bodied persian at full speed in the saddle shooting
    arrows to the mark!
you chinaman and chinawoman of china! you tartar of tartary!
you women of the earth subordinated at your tasks!
you jew journeying in your old age through every risk to stand once
    on syrian ground!
you other jews waiting in all lands for your messiah!
you thoughtful armenian pondering by some stream of the euphrates!
    you peering amid the ruins of nineveh! you ascending mount ararat!
you foot-worn pilgrim welcoming the far-away sparkle of the minarets
    of mecca!
you sheiks along the stretch from suez to bab-el-mandeb ruling your
    families and tribes!
you olive-grower tending your fruit on fields of nazareth, damascus,
    or lake tiberias!
you thibet trader on the wide inland or bargaining in the shops of lassa!
you japanese man or woman! you liver in madagascar, ceylon, sumatra, borneo!
all you continentals of asia, africa, europe, australia, indifferent
    of place!
all you on the numberless islands of the archipelagoes of the sea!
and you of centuries hence when you listen to me!
and you each and everywhere whom i specify not, but include just the same!
health to you! good will to you all, from me and america sent!

each of us inevitable,
each of us limitless--each of us with his or her right upon the earth,
each of us allowd the eternal purports of the earth,
each of us here as divinely as any is here.

     12
you hottentot with clicking palate! you woolly-haird hordes!
you ownd persons dropping sweat-drops or blood-drops!
you human forms with the fathomless ever-impressive countenances of brutes!
you poor koboo whom the meanest of the rest look down upon for all
    your glimmering language and spirituality!
you dwarfd kamtschatkan, greenlander, lapp!
you austral negro, naked, red, sooty, with protrusive lip,
    groveling, seeking your food!
you caffre, berber, soudanese!
you haggard, uncouth, untutord bedowee!
you plague-swarms in madras, nankin, kaubul, cairo!
you benighted roamer of amazonia! you patagonian! you feejeeman!
i do not prefer others so very much before you either,
i do not say one word against you, away back there where you stand,
(you will come forward in due time to my side.)

     13
my spirit has passd in compassion and determination around the whole earth,
i have lookd for equals and lovers and found them ready for me in
    all lands,
i think some divine rapport has equalized me with them.

you vapors, i think i have risen with you, moved away to distant
    continents, and fallen down there, for reasons,
i think i have blown with you you winds;
you waters i have fingerd every shore with you,
i have run through what any river or strait of the globe has run through,
i have taken my stand on the bases of peninsulas and on the high
    embedded rocks, to cry thence:

what cities the light or warmth penetrates i penetrate those cities myself,
all islands to which birds wing their way i wing my way myself.

toward you all, in americas name,
i raise high the perpendicular hand, i make the signal,
to remain after me in sight forever,
for all the haunts and homes of men.



[book vii]

}  song of the open road

     1
afoot and light-hearted i take to the open road,
healthy, free, the world before me,
the long brown path before me leading wherever i choose.

henceforth i ask not good-fortune, i myself am good-fortune,
henceforth i whimper no more, postpone no more, need nothing,
done with indoor complaints, libraries, querulous criticisms,
strong and content i travel the open road.

the earth, that is sufficient,
i do not want the constellations any nearer,
i know they are very well where they are,
i know they suffice for those who belong to them.

(still here i carry my old delicious burdens,
i carry them, men and women, i carry them with me wherever i go,
i swear it is impossible for me to get rid of them,
i am filld with them, and i will fill them in return.)

     2
you road i enter upon and look around, i believe you are not all
    that is here,
i believe that much unseen is also here.

here the profound lesson of reception, nor preference nor denial,
the black with his woolly head, the felon, the diseasd, the
    illiterate person, are not denied;
the birth, the hasting after the physician, the beggars tramp, the
    drunkards stagger, the laughing party of mechanics,
the escaped youth, the rich persons carriage, the fop, the eloping couple,
the early market-man, the hearse, the moving of furniture into the
    town, the return back from the town,
they pass, i also pass, any thing passes, none can be interdicted,
none but are accepted, none but shall be dear to me.

     3
you air that serves me with breath to speak!
you objects that call from diffusion my meanings and give them shape!
you light that wraps me and all things in delicate equable showers!
you paths worn in the irregular hollows by the roadsides!
i believe you are latent with unseen existences, you are so dear to me.

you flaggd walks of the cities! you strong curbs at the edges!
you ferries! you planks and posts of wharves! you timber-lined
    side! you distant ships!
you rows of houses! you window-piercd facades! you roofs!
you porches and entrances! you copings and iron guards!
you windows whose transparent shells might expose so much!
you doors and ascending steps! you arches!
you gray stones of interminable pavements! you trodden crossings!
from all that has touchd you i believe you have imparted to
    yourselves, and now would impart the same secretly to me,
from the living and the dead you have peopled your impassive surfaces,
    and the spirits thereof would be evident and amicable with me.

     4
the earth expanding right hand and left hand,
the picture alive, every part in its best light,
the music falling in where it is wanted, and stopping where it is
    not wanted,
the cheerful voice of the public road, the gay fresh sentiment of the road.

o highway i travel, do you say to me do not leave me?
do you say venture not--if you leave me you are lost?
do you say i am already prepared, i am well-beaten and undenied,
    adhere to me?

o public road, i say back i am not afraid to leave you, yet i love you,
you express me better than i can express myself,
you shall be more to me than my poem.

i think heroic deeds were all conceivd in the open air, and all
    free poems also,
i think i could stop here myself and do miracles,
i think whatever i shall meet on the road i shall like, and whoever
    beholds me shall like me,
i think whoever i see must be happy.

     5
from this hour i ordain myself loosd of limits and imaginary lines,
going where i list, my own master total and absolute,
listening to others, considering well what they say,
pausing, searching, receiving, contemplating,
gently, but with undeniable will, divesting myself of the holds that
    would hold me.

i inhale great draughts of space,
the east and the west are mine, and the north and the south are mine.

i am larger, better than i thought,
i did not know i held so much goodness.

all seems beautiful to me,
can repeat over to men and women you have done such good to me
    i would do the same to you,
i will recruit for myself and you as i go,
i will scatter myself among men and women as i go,
i will toss a new gladness and roughness among them,
whoever denies me it shall not trouble me,
whoever accepts me he or she shall be blessed and shall bless me.

     6
now if a thousand perfect men were to appear it would not amaze me,
now if a thousand beautiful forms of women appeard it would not
    astonish me.

now i see the secret of the making of the best persons,
it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.

here a great personal deed has room,
(such a deed seizes upon the hearts of the whole race of men,
its effusion of strength and will overwhelms law and mocks all
    authority and all argument against it.)

here is the test of wisdom,
wisdom is not finally tested in schools,
wisdom cannot be passd from one having it to another not having it,
wisdom is of the soul, is not susceptible of proof, is its own proof,
applies to all stages and objects and qualities and is content,
is the certainty of the reality and immortality of things, and the
    excellence of things;
something there is in the float of the sight of things that provokes
    it out of the soul.

now i re-examine philosophies and religions,
they may prove well in lecture-rooms, yet not prove at all under the
    spacious clouds and along the landscape and flowing currents.

here is realization,
here is a man tallied--he realizes here what he has in him,
the past, the future, majesty, love--if they are vacant of you, you
    are vacant of them.

only the kernel of every object nourishes;
where is he who tears off the husks for you and me?
where is he that undoes stratagems and envelopes for you and me?

here is adhesiveness, it is not previously fashiond, it is apropos;
do you know what it is as you pass to be loved by strangers?
do you know the talk of those turning eye-balls?

     7
here is the efflux of the soul,
the efflux of the soul comes from within through embowerd gates,
    ever provoking questions,
these yearnings why are they? these thoughts in the darkness why are they?
why are there men and women that while they are nigh me the sunlight
    expands my blood?
why when they leave me do my pennants of joy sink flat and lank?
why are there trees i never walk under but large and melodious
    thoughts descend upon me?
(i think they hang there winter and summer on those trees and always
    drop fruit as i pass;)
what is it i interchange so suddenly with strangers?
what with some driver as i ride on the seat by his side?
what with some fisherman drawing his seine by the shore as i walk by
    and pause?
what gives me to be free to a womans and mans good-will? what
    gives them to be free to mine?

     8
the efflux of the soul is happiness, here is happiness,
i think it pervades the open air, waiting at all times,
now it flows unto us, we are rightly charged.

here rises the fluid and attaching character,
the fluid and attaching character is the freshness and sweetness of
    man and woman,
(the herbs of the morning sprout no fresher and sweeter every day
    out of the roots of themselves, than it sprouts fresh and sweet
    continually out of itself.)

toward the fluid and attaching character exudes the sweat of the
    love of young and old,
from it falls distilld the charm that mocks beauty and attainments,
toward it heaves the shuddering longing ache of contact.

     9
allons! whoever you are come travel with me!
traveling with me you find what never tires.

the earth never tires,
the earth is rude, silent, incomprehensible at first, nature is rude
    and incomprehensible at first,
be not discouraged, keep on, there are divine things well envelopd,
i swear to you there are divine things more beautiful than words can tell.

allons! we must not stop here,
however sweet these laid-up stores, however convenient this dwelling
    we cannot remain here,
however shelterd this port and however calm these waters we must
    not anchor here,
however welcome the hospitality that surrounds us we are permitted
    to receive it but a little while.

     10
allons! the inducements shall be greater,
we will sail pathless and wild seas,
we will go where winds blow, waves dash, and the yankee clipper
    speeds by under full sail.

allons! with power, liberty, the earth, the elements,
health, defiance, gayety, self-esteem, curiosity;
allons! from all formules!
from your formules, o bat-eyed and materialistic priests.

the stale cadaver blocks up the passage--the burial waits no longer.

allons! yet take warning!
he traveling with me needs the best blood, thews, endurance,
none may come to the trial till he or she bring courage and health,
come not here if you have already spent the best of yourself,
only those may come who come in sweet and determind bodies,
no diseasd person, no rum-drinker or venereal taint is permitted here.

(i and mine do not convince by arguments, similes, rhymes,
we convince by our presence.)

     11
listen! i will be honest with you,
i do not offer the old smooth prizes, but offer rough new prizes,
these are the days that must happen to you:
you shall not heap up what is calld riches,
you shall scatter with lavish hand all that you earn or achieve,
you but arrive at the city to which you were destind, you hardly
    settle yourself to satisfaction before you are calld by an
    irresistible call to depart,
you shall be treated to the ironical smiles and mockings of those
    who remain behind you,
what beckonings of love you receive you shall only answer with
    passionate kisses of parting,
you shall not allow the hold of those who spread their reachd hands
    toward you.

     12
allons! after the great companions, and to belong to them!
they too are on the road--they are the swift and majestic men--they
    are the greatest women,
enjoyers of calms of seas and storms of seas,
sailors of many a ship, walkers of many a mile of land,
habitues of many distant countries, habitues of far-distant dwellings,
trusters of men and women, observers of cities, solitary toilers,
pausers and contemplators of tufts, blossoms, shells of the shore,
dancers at wedding-dances, kissers of brides, tender helpers of
    children, bearers of children,
soldiers of revolts, standers by gaping graves, lowerers-down of coffins,
journeyers over consecutive seasons, over the years, the curious
    years each emerging from that which preceded it,
journeyers as with companions, namely their own diverse phases,
forth-steppers from the latent unrealized baby-days,
journeyers gayly with their own youth, journeyers with their bearded
    and well-graind manhood,
journeyers with their womanhood, ample, unsurpassd, content,
journeyers with their own sublime old age of manhood or womanhood,
old age, calm, expanded, broad with the haughty breadth of the universe,
old age, flowing free with the delicious near-by freedom of death.

     13
allons! to that which is endless as it was beginningless,
to undergo much, tramps of days, rests of nights,
to merge all in the travel they tend to, and the days and nights
    they tend to,
again to merge them in the start of superior journeys,
to see nothing anywhere but what you may reach it and pass it,
to conceive no time, however distant, but what you may reach it and pass it,
to look up or down no road but it stretches and waits for you,
    however long but it stretches and waits for you,
to see no being, not gods or any, but you also go thither,
to see no possession but you may possess it, enjoying all without
    labor or purchase, abstracting the feast yet not abstracting one
    particle of it,
to take the best of the farmers farm and the rich mans elegant
    villa, and the chaste blessings of the well-married couple, and
    the fruits of orchards and flowers of gardens,
to take to your use out of the compact cities as you pass through,
to carry buildings and streets with you afterward wherever you go,
to gather the minds of men out of their brains as you encounter
    them, to gather the love out of their hearts,
to take your lovers on the road with you, for all that you leave
    them behind you,
to know the universe itself as a road, as many roads, as roads for
    traveling souls.

all parts away for the progress of souls,
all religion, all solid things, arts, governments--all that was or is
    apparent upon this globe or any globe, falls into niches and corners
    before the procession of souls along the grand roads of the universe.

of the progress of the souls of men and women along the grand roads of
    the universe, all other progress is the needed emblem and sustenance.

forever alive, forever forward,
stately, solemn, sad, withdrawn, baffled, mad, turbulent, feeble,
    dissatisfied,
desperate, proud, fond, sick, accepted by men, rejected by men,
they go! they go! i know that they go, but i know not where they go,
but i know that they go toward the best--toward something great.

whoever you are, come forth! or man or woman come forth!
you must not stay sleeping and dallying there in the house, though
    you built it, or though it has been built for you.

out of the dark confinement! out from behind the screen!
it is useless to protest, i know all and expose it.

behold through you as bad as the rest,
through the laughter, dancing, dining, supping, of people,
inside of dresses and ornaments, inside of those washd and trimmd faces,
behold a secret silent loathing and despair.

no husband, no wife, no friend, trusted to hear the confession,
another self, a duplicate of every one, skulking and hiding it goes,
formless and wordless through the streets of the cities, polite and
    bland in the parlors,
in the cars of railroads, in steamboats, in the public assembly,
home to the houses of men and women, at the table, in the bedroom,
    everywhere,
smartly attired, countenance smiling, form upright, death under the
    breast-bones, hell under the skull-bones,
under the broadcloth and gloves, under the ribbons and artificial flowers,
keeping fair with the customs, speaking not a syllable of itself,
speaking of any thing else but never of itself.

     14
allons! through struggles and wars!
the goal that was named cannot be countermanded.

have the past struggles succeeded?
what has succeeded? yourself? your nation? nature?
now understand me well--it is provided in the essence of things that
    from any fruition of success, no matter what, shall come forth
    something to make a greater struggle necessary.

my call is the call of battle, i nourish active rebellion,
he going with me must go well armd,
he going with me goes often with spare diet, poverty, angry enemies,
    desertions.

     15
allons! the road is before us!
it is safe--i have tried it--my own feet have tried it well--be not
    detaind!
let the paper remain on the desk unwritten, and the book on the
    shelf unopend!
let the tools remain in the workshop! let the money remain unearnd!
let the school stand! mind not the cry of the teacher!
let the preacher preach in his pulpit! let the lawyer plead in the
    court, and the judge expound the law.

camerado, i give you my hand!
i give you my love more precious than money,
i give you myself before preaching or law;
will you give me yourselp. will you come travel with me?
shall we stick by each other as long as we live?



[book viii]

}  crossing brooklyn ferry

     1
flood-tide below me! i see you face to face!
clouds of the west--sun there half an hour high--i see you also face
    to face.

crowds of men and women attired in the usual costumes, how curious
    you are to me!
on the ferry-boats the hundreds and hundreds that cross, returning
    home, are more curious to me than you suppose,
and you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are more
    to me, and more in my meditations, than you might suppose.

     2
the impalpable sustenance of me from all things at all hours of the day,
the simple, compact, well-joind scheme, myself disintegrated, every
    one disintegrated yet part of the scheme,
the similitudes of the past and those of the future,
the glories strung like beads on my smallest sights and hearings, on
    the walk in the street and the passage over the river,
the current rushing so swiftly and swimming with me far away,
the others that are to follow me, the ties between me and them,
the certainty of others, the life, love, sight, hearing of others.

others will enter the gates of the ferry and cross from shore to shore,
others will watch the run of the flood-tide,
others will see the shipping of manhattan north and west, and the
    heights of brooklyn to the south and east,
others will see the islands large and small;
fifty years hence, others will see them as they cross, the sun half
    an hour high,
a hundred years hence, or ever so many hundred years hence, others
    will see them,
will enjoy the sunset, the pouring-in of the flood-tide, the
    falling-back to the sea of the ebb-tide.

     3
it avails not, time nor place--distance avails not,
i am with you, you men and women of a generation, or ever so many
    generations hence,
just as you feel when you look on the river and sky, so i felt,
just as any of you is one of a living crowd, i was one of a crowd,
just as you are refreshd by the gladness of the river and the
    bright flow, i was refreshd,
just as you stand and lean on the rail, yet hurry with the swift
    current, i stood yet was hurried,
just as you look on the numberless masts of ships and the
    thick-stemmd pipes of steamboats, i lookd.

i too many and many a time crossd the river of old,
watched the twelfth-month sea-gulls, saw them high in the air
    floating with motionless wings, oscillating their bodies,
saw how the glistening yellow lit up parts of their bodies and left
    the rest in strong shadow,
saw the slow-wheeling circles and the gradual edging toward the south,
saw the reflection of the summer sky in the water,
had my eyes dazzled by the shimmering track of beams,
lookd at the fine centrifugal spokes of light round the shape of my
    head in the sunlit water,
lookd on the haze on the hills southward and south-westward,
lookd on the vapor as it flew in fleeces tinged with violet,
lookd toward the lower bay to notice the vessels arriving,
saw their approach, saw aboard those that were near me,
saw the white sails of schooners and sloops, saw the ships at anchor,
the sailors at work in the rigging or out astride the spars,
the round masts, the swinging motion of the hulls, the slender
    serpentine pennants,
the large and small steamers in motion, the pilots in their pilothouses,
the white wake left by the passage, the quick tremulous whirl of the wheels,
the flags of all nations, the falling of them at sunset,
the scallop-edged waves in the twilight, the ladled cups, the
    frolic-some crests and glistening,
the stretch afar growing dimmer and dimmer, the gray walls of the
    granite storehouses by the docks,
on the river the shadowy group, the big steam-tug closely flankd on
    each side by the barges, the hay-boat, the belated lighter,
on the neighboring shore the fires from the foundry chimneys burning
    high and glaringly into the night,
casting their flicker of black contrasted with wild red and yellow
    light over the tops of houses, and down into the clefts of streets.

     4
these and all else were to me the same as they are to you,
i loved well those cities, loved well the stately and rapid river,
the men and women i saw were all near to me,
others the same--others who look back on me because i lookd forward
    to them,
(the time will come, though i stop here to-day and to-night.)

     5
what is it then between us?
what is the count of the scores or hundreds of years between us?

whatever it is, it avails not--distance avails not, and place avails not,
i too lived, brooklyn of ample hills was mine,
i too walkd the streets of manhattan island, and bathed in the
    waters around it,
i too felt the curious abrupt questionings stir within me,
in the day among crowds of people sometimes they came upon me,
in my walks home late at night or as i lay in my bed they came upon me,
i too had been struck from the float forever held in solution,
i too had receivd identity by my body,
that i was i knew was of my body, and what i should be i knew i
    should be of my body.

     6
it is not upon you alone the dark patches fall,
the dark threw its patches down upon me also,
the best i had done seemd to me blank and suspicious,
my great thoughts as i supposed them, were they not in reality meagre?
nor is it you alone who know what it is to be evil,
i am he who knew what it was to be evil,
i too knitted the old knot of contrariety,
blabbd, blushd, resented, lied, stole, grudgd,
had guile, anger, lust, hot wishes i dared not speak,
was wayward, vain, greedy, shallow, sly, cowardly, malignant,
the wolf, the snake, the hog, not wanting in me.
the cheating look, the frivolous word, the adulterous wish, not wanting,

refusals, hates, postponements, meanness, laziness, none of these wanting,
was one with the rest, the days and haps of the rest,
was calld by my nighest name by clear loud voices of young men as
    they saw me approaching or passing,
felt their arms on my neck as i stood, or the negligent leaning of
    their flesh against me as i sat,
saw many i loved in the street or ferry-boat or public assembly, yet
    never told them a word,
lived the same life with the rest, the same old laughing, gnawing, sleeping,
playd the part that still looks back on the actor or actress,
the same old role, the role that is what we make it, as great as we like,
or as small as we like, or both great and small.

     7
closer yet i approach you,
what thought you have of me now, i had as much of you--i laid in my
    stores in advance,
i considerd long and seriously of you before you were born.

who was to know what should come home to me?
who knows but i am enjoying this?
who knows, for all the distance, but i am as good as looking at you
    now, for all you cannot see me?

     8
ah, what can ever be more stately and admirable to me than
    mast-hemmd manhattan?
river and sunset and scallop-edgd waves of flood-tide?
the sea-gulls oscillating their bodies, the hay-boat in the
    twilight, and the belated lighter?
what gods can exceed these that clasp me by the hand, and with voices i
    love call me promptly and loudly by my nighest name as approach?
what is more subtle than this which ties me to the woman or man that
    looks in my face?
which fuses me into you now, and pours my meaning into you?

we understand then do we not?
what i promisd without mentioning it, have you not accepted?
what the study could not teach--what the preaching could not
    accomplish is accomplishd, is it not?

     9
flow on, river! flow with the flood-tide, and ebb with the ebb-tide!
frolic on, crested and scallop-edgd waves!
gorgeous clouds of the sunset! drench with your splendor me, or the
    men and women generations after me!
cross from shore to shore, countless crowds of passengers!
stand up, tall masts of mannahatta! stand up, beautiful hills of brooklyn!
throb, baffled and curious brain! throw out questions and answers!
suspend here and everywhere, eternal float of solution!
gaze, loving and thirsting eyes, in the house or street or public assembly!
sound out, voices of young men! loudly and musically call me by my
    nighest name!
live, old life! play the part that looks back on the actor or actress!
play the old role, the role that is great or small according as one
    makes it!
consider, you who peruse me, whether i may not in unknown ways be
    looking upon you;
be firm, rail over the river, to support those who lean idly, yet
    haste with the hasting current;
fly on, sea-birds! fly sideways, or wheel in large circles high in the air;
receive the summer sky, you water, and faithfully hold it till all
    downcast eyes have time to take it from you!
diverge, fine spokes of light, from the shape of my head, or any
    ones head, in the sunlit water!
come on, ships from the lower bay! pass up or down, white-saild
    schooners, sloops, lighters!
flaunt away, flags of all nations! be duly lowerd at sunset!
burn high your fires, foundry chimneys! cast black shadows at
    nightfall! cast red and yellow light over the tops of the houses!
appearances, now or henceforth, indicate what you are,
you necessary film, continue to envelop the soul,
about my body for me, and your body for you, be hung our divinest aromas,
thrive, cities--bring your freight, bring your shows, ample and
    sufficient rivers,
expand, being than which none else is perhaps more spiritual,
keep your places, objects than which none else is more lasting.

you have waited, you always wait, you dumb, beautiful ministers,
we receive you with free sense at last, and are insatiate henceforward,
not you any more shall be able to foil us, or withhold yourselves from us,
we use you, and do not cast you aside--we plant you permanently within us,
we fathom you not--we love you--there is perfection in you also,
you furnish your parts toward eternity,
great or small, you furnish your parts toward the soul.



[book ix]

}  song of the answerer

     1
now list to my mornings romanza, i tell the signs of the answerer,
to the cities and farms i sing as they spread in the sunshine before me.

a young man comes to me bearing a message from his brother,
how shall the young man know the whether and when of his brother?
tell him to send me the signs. and i stand before the young man
    face to face, and take his right hand in my left hand and his
    left hand in my right hand,
and i answer for his brother and for men, and i answer for him that
    answers for all, and send these signs.

him all wait for, him all yield up to, his word is decisive and final,
him they accept, in him lave, in him perceive themselves as amid light,
him they immerse and he immerses them.

beautiful women, the haughtiest nations, laws, the landscape,
    people, animals,
the profound earth and its attributes and the unquiet ocean, (so
    tell i my mornings romanza,)
all enjoyments and properties and money, and whatever money will buy,
the best farms, others toiling and planting and he unavoidably reaps,
the noblest and costliest cities, others grading and building and he
    domiciles there,
nothing for any one but what is for him, near and far are for him,
    the ships in the offing,
the perpetual shows and marches on land are for him if they are for anybody.

he puts things in their attitudes,
he puts to-day out of himself with plasticity and love,
he places his own times, reminiscences, parents, brothers and
    sisters, associations, employment, politics, so that the rest
    never shame them afterward, nor assume to command them.

he is the answerer,
what can be answerd he answers, and what cannot be answerd he
    shows how it cannot be answerd.

a man is a summons and challenge,
(it is vain to skulk--do you hear that mocking and laughter? do you
    hear the ironical echoes?)

books, friendships, philosophers, priests, action, pleasure, pride,
    beat up and down seeking to give satisfaction,
he indicates the satisfaction, and indicates them that beat up and
    down also.

whichever the sex, whatever the season or place, he may go freshly
    and gently and safely by day or by night,
he has the pass-key of hearts, to him the response of the prying of
    hands on the knobs.

his welcome is universal, the flow of beauty is not more welcome or
    universal than he is,
the person he favors by day or sleeps with at night is blessed.

every existence has its idiom, every thing has an idiom and tongue,
he resolves all tongues into his own and bestows it upon men, and
    any man translates, and any man translates himself also,
one part does not counteract another part, he is the joiner, he sees
    how they join.

he says indifferently and alike how are you friend? to the president
    at his levee,
and he says good-day my brother, to cudge that hoes in the sugar-field,
and both understand him and know that his speech is right.

he walks with perfect ease in the capitol,
he walks among the congress, and one representative says to another,
    here is our equal appearing and new.

then the mechanics take him for a mechanic,
and the soldiers suppose him to be a soldier, and the sailors that
    he has followd the sea,
and the authors take him for an author, and the artists for an artist,
and the laborers perceive he could labor with them and love them,
no matter what the work is, that he is the one to follow it or has
    followd it,
no matter what the nation, that he might find his brothers and
    sisters there.

the english believe he comes of their english stock,
a jew to the jew he seems, a russ to the russ, usual and near,
    removed from none.

whoever he looks at in the travelers coffee-house claims him,
the italian or frenchman is sure, the german is sure, the spaniard
    is sure, and the island cuban is sure,
the engineer, the deck-hand on the great lakes, or on the mississippi
    or st. lawrence or sacramento, or hudson or paumanok sound, claims him.

the gentleman of perfect blood acknowledges his perfect blood,
the insulter, the prostitute, the angry person, the beggar, see
    themselves in the ways of him, he strangely transmutes them,
they are not vile any more, they hardly know themselves they are so grown.

     2
the indications and tally of time,
perfect sanity shows the master among philosophs,
time, always without break, indicates itself in parts,
what always indicates the poet is the crowd of the pleasant company
    of singers, and their words,
the words of the singers are the hours or minutes of the light or dark,
    but the words of the maker of poems are the general light and dark,
the maker of poems settles justice, reality, immortality,
his insight and power encircle things and the human race,
he is the glory and extract thus far of things and of the human race.

the singers do not beget, only the poet begets,
the singers are welcomd, understood, appear often enough, but rare
    has the day been, likewise the spot, of the birth of the maker
    of poems, the answerer,
(not every century nor every five centuries has containd such a
    day, for all its names.)

the singers of successive hours of centuries may have ostensible
    names, but the name of each of them is one of the singers,
the name of each is, eye-singer, ear-singer, head-singer,
    sweet-singer, night-singer, parlor-singer, love-singer,
    weird-singer, or something else.

all this time and at all times wait the words of true poems,
the words of true poems do not merely please,
the true poets are not followers of beauty but the august masters of beauty;
the greatness of sons is the exuding of the greatness of mothers
    and fathers,
the words of true poems are the tuft and final applause of science.

divine instinct, breadth of vision, the law of reason, health,
    rudeness of body, withdrawnness,
gayety, sun-tan, air-sweetness, such are some of the words of poems.

the sailor and traveler underlie the maker of poems, the answerer,
the builder, geometer, chemist, anatomist, phrenologist, artist, all
    these underlie the maker of poems, the answerer.

the words of the true poems give you more than poems,
they give you to form for yourself poems, religions, politics, war,
    peace, behavior, histories, essays, daily life, and every thing else,
they balance ranks, colors, races, creeds, and the sexes,
they do not seek beauty, they are sought,
forever touching them or close upon them follows beauty, longing,
    fain, love-sick.

they prepare for death, yet are they not the finish, but rather the outset,
they bring none to his or her terminus or to be content and full,
whom they take they take into space to behold the birth of stars, to
    learn one of the meanings,
to launch off with absolute faith, to sweep through the ceaseless
    rings and never be quiet again.



[book x]

}  our old feuillage

always our old feuillage!
always floridas green peninsula--always the priceless delta of
    louisiana--always the cotton-fields of alabama and texas,
always californias golden hills and hollows, and the silver
    mountains of new mexico--always soft-breathd cuba,
always the vast slope draind by the southern sea, inseparable with
    the slopes draind by the eastern and western seas,
the area the eighty-third year of these states, the three and a half
    millions of square miles,
the eighteen thousand miles of sea-coast and bay-coast on the main,
    the thirty thousand miles of river navigation,
the seven millions of distinct families and the same number of dwellings--
    always these, and more, branching forth into numberless branches,
always the free range and diversity--always the continent of democracy;
always the prairies, pastures, forests, vast cities, travelers,
    kanada, the snows;
always these compact lands tied at the hips with the belt stringing
    the huge oval lakes;
always the west with strong native persons, the increasing density there,
    the habitans, friendly, threatening, ironical, scorning invaders;
all sights, south, north, east--all deeds, promiscuously done at all times,
all characters, movements, growths, a few noticed, myriads unnoticed,
through mannahattas streets i walking, these things gathering,
on interior rivers by night in the glare of pine knots, steamboats
    wooding up,
sunlight by day on the valley of the susquehanna, and on the valleys
    of the potomac and rappahannock, and the valleys of the roanoke
    and delaware,
in their northerly wilds beasts of prey haunting the adirondacks the
    hills, or lapping the saginaw waters to drink,
in a lonesome inlet a sheldrake lost from the flock, sitting on the
    water rocking silently,
in farmers barns oxen in the stable, their harvest labor done, they
    rest standing, they are too tired,
afar on arctic ice the she-walrus lying drowsily while her cubs play around,
the hawk sailing where men have not yet saild, the farthest polar
    sea, ripply, crystalline, open, beyond the floes,
white drift spooning ahead where the ship in the tempest dashes,
on solid land what is done in cities as the bells strike midnight together,
in primitive woods the sounds there also sounding, the howl of the
    wolf, the scream of the panther, and the hoarse bellow of the elk,
in winter beneath the hard blue ice of moosehead lake, in summer
    visible through the clear waters, the great trout swimming,
in lower latitudes in warmer air in the carolinas the large black
    buzzard floating slowly high beyond the tree tops,
below, the red cedar festoond with tylandria, the pines and
    cypresses growing out of the white sand that spreads far and flat,
rude boats descending the big pedee, climbing plants, parasites with
    colord flowers and berries enveloping huge trees,
the waving drapery on the live-oak trailing long and low,
    noiselessly waved by the wind,
the camp of georgia wagoners just after dark, the supper-fires and
    the cooking and eating by whites and negroes,
thirty or forty great wagons, the mules, cattle, horses, feeding
    from troughs,
the shadows, gleams, up under the leaves of the old sycamore-trees,
    the flames with the black smoke from the pitch-pine curling and rising;
southern fishermen fishing, the sounds and inlets of north
    carolinas coast, the shad-fishery and the herring-fishery, the
    large sweep-seines, the windlasses on shore workd by horses, the
    clearing, curing, and packing-houses;
deep in the forest in piney woods turpentine dropping from the
    incisions in the trees, there are the turpentine works,
there are the negroes at work in good health, the ground in all
    directions is coverd with pine straw;
in tennessee and kentucky slaves busy in the coalings, at the forge,
    by the furnace-blaze, or at the corn-shucking,
in virginia, the planters son returning after a long absence,
    joyfully welcomd and kissd by the aged mulatto nurse,
on rivers boatmen safely moord at nightfall in their boats under
    shelter of high banks,
some of the younger men dance to the sound of the banjo or fiddle,
    others sit on the gunwale smoking and talking;
late in the afternoon the mocking-bird, the american mimic, singing
    in the great dismal swamp,
there are the greenish waters, the resinous odor, the plenteous
    moss, the cypress-tree, and the juniper-tree;
northward, young men of mannahatta, the target company from an
    excursion returning home at evening, the musket-muzzles all
    bear bunches of flowers presented by women;
children at play, or on his fathers lap a young boy fallen asleep,
    (how his lips move! how he smiles in his sleep!)
the scout riding on horseback over the plains west of the
    mississippi, he ascends a knoll and sweeps his eyes around;
california life, the miner, bearded, dressd in his rude costume,
    the stanch california friendship, the sweet air, the graves one
    in passing meets solitary just aside the horse-path;
down in texas the cotton-field, the negro-cabins, drivers driving
    mules or oxen before rude carts, cotton bales piled on banks
    and wharves;
encircling all, vast-darting up and wide, the american soul, with
    equal hemispheres, one love, one dilation or pride;
in arriere the peace-talk with the iroquois the aborigines, the
    calumet, the pipe of good-will, arbitration, and indorsement,
the sachem blowing the smoke first toward the sun and then toward
    the earth,
the drama of the scalp-dance enacted with painted faces and guttural
    exclamations,
the setting out of the war-party, the long and stealthy march,
the single file, the swinging hatchets, the surprise and slaughter
    of enemies;
all the acts, scenes, ways, persons, attitudes of these states,
    reminiscences, institutions,
all these states compact, every square mile of these states without
    excepting a particle;
me pleasd, rambling in lanes and country fields, paumanoks fields,
observing the spiral flight of two little yellow butterflies
    shuffling between each other, ascending high in the air,
the darting swallow, the destroyer of insects, the fall traveler
    southward but returning northward early in the spring,
the country boy at the close of the day driving the herd of cows and
    shouting to them as they loiter to browse by the roadside,
the city wharf, boston, philadelphia, baltimore, charleston, new
    orleans, san francisco,
the departing ships when the sailors heave at the capstan;
evening--me in my room--the setting sun,
the setting summer sun shining in my open window, showing the
    swarm of flies, suspended, balancing in the air in the centre
    of the room, darting athwart, up and down, casting swift
    shadows in specks on the opposite wall where the shine is;
the athletic american matron speaking in public to crowds of listeners,
males, females, immigrants, combinations, the copiousness, the
    individuality of the states, each for itself--the moneymakers,
factories, machinery, the mechanical forces, the windlass, lever,
    pulley, all certainties,
the certainty of space, increase, freedom, futurity,
in space the sporades, the scatterd islands, the stars--on the firm
    earth, the lands, my lands,
o lands! all so dear to me--what you are, (whatever it is,) i putting it
    at random in these songs, become a part of that, whatever it is,
southward there, i screaming, with wings slow flapping, with the
    myriads of gulls wintering along the coasts of florida,
otherways there atwixt the banks of the arkansaw, the rio grande,
    the nueces, the brazos, the tombigbee, the red river, the
    saskatchawan or the osage, i with the spring waters laughing
    and skipping and running,
northward, on the sands, on some shallow bay of paumanok, i with
    parties of snowy herons wading in the wet to seek worms and
    aquatic plants,
retreating, triumphantly twittering, the king-bird, from piercing
    the crow with its bill, for amusement--and i triumphantly twittering,
the migrating flock of wild geese alighting in autumn to refresh
    themselves, the body of the flock feed, the sentinels outside
    move around with erect heads watching, and are from time to time
    relievd by other sentinels--and i feeding and taking turns
    with the rest,
in kanadian forests the moose, large as an ox, cornerd by hunters,
    rising desperately on his hind-feet, and plunging with his
    fore-feet, the hoofs as sharp as knives--and i, plunging at the
    hunters, cornerd and desperate,
in the mannahatta, streets, piers, shipping, store-houses, and the
    countless workmen working in the shops,
and i too of the mannahatta, singing thereof--and no less in myself
    than the whole of the mannahatta in itself,
singing the song of these, my ever-united lands--my body no more
    inevitably united, part to part, and made out of a thousand
    diverse contributions one identity, any more than my lands
    are inevitably united and made one identity;
nativities, climates, the grass of the great pastoral plains,
cities, labors, death, animals, products, war, good and evil--these me,
these affording, in all their particulars, the old feuillage to me
    and to america, how can i do less than pass the clew of the union
    of them, to afford the like to you?
whoever you are! how can i but offer you divine leaves, that you
    also be eligible as i am?
how can i but as here chanting, invite you for yourself to collect
    bouquets of the incomparable feuillage of these states?



[book xi]

}  a song of joys

o to make the most jubilant song!
full of music--full of manhood, womanhood, infancy!
full of common employments--full of grain and trees.

o for the voices of animals--o for the swiftness and balance of fishes!
o for the dropping of raindrops in a song!
o for the sunshine and motion of waves in a song!

o the joy of my spirit--it is uncaged--it darts like lightning!
it is not enough to have this globe or a certain time,
i will have thousands of globes and all time.

o the engineers joys! to go with a locomotive!
to hear the hiss of steam, the merry shriek, the steam-whistle, the
    laughing locomotive!
to push with resistless way and speed off in the distance.

o the gleesome saunter over fields and hillsides!
the leaves and flowers of the commonest weeds, the moist fresh
    stillness of the woods,
the exquisite smell of the earth at daybreak, and all through the forenoon.

o the horsemans and horsewomans joys!
the saddle, the gallop, the pressure upon the seat, the cool
    gurgling by the ears and hair.

o the firemans joys!
i hear the alarm at dead of night,
i hear bells, shouts! i pass the crowd, i run!
the sight of the flames maddens me with pleasure.

o the joy of the strong-brawnd fighter, towering in the arena in
    perfect condition, conscious of power, thirsting to meet his opponent.

o the joy of that vast elemental sympathy which only the human soul is
    capable of generating and emitting in steady and limitless floods.

o the mothers joys!
the watching, the endurance, the precious love, the anguish, the
    patiently yielded life.

o the of increase, growth, recuperation,
the joy of soothing and pacifying, the joy of concord and harmony.

o to go back to the place where i was born,
to hear the birds sing once more,
to ramble about the house and barn and over the fields once more,
and through the orchard and along the old lanes once more.

o to have been brought up on bays, lagoons, creeks, or along the coast,
to continue and be employd there all my life,
the briny and damp smell, the shore, the salt weeds exposed at low water,
the work of fishermen, the work of the eel-fisher and clam-fisher;
i come with my clam-rake and spade, i come with my eel-spear,
is the tide out? i join the group of clam-diggers on the flats,
i laugh and work with them, i joke at my work like a mettlesome young man;
in winter i take my eel-basket and eel-spear and travel out on foot
    on the ice--i have a small axe to cut holes in the ice,
behold me well-clothed going gayly or returning in the afternoon,
    my brood of tough boys accompanying me,
my brood of grown and part-grown boys, who love to be with no
    one else so well as they love to be with me,
by day to work with me, and by night to sleep with me.

another time in warm weather out in a boat, to lift the lobster-pots
    where they are sunk with heavy stones, (i know the buoys,)
o the sweetness of the fifth-month morning upon the water as i row
    just before sunrise toward the buoys,
i pull the wicker pots up slantingly, the dark green lobsters are
    desperate with their claws as i take them out, i insert
    wooden pegs in the oints of their pincers,

i go to all the places one after another, and then row back to the shore,
there in a huge kettle of boiling water the lobsters shall be boild
    till their color becomes scarlet.

another time mackerel-taking,
voracious, mad for the hook, near the surface, they seem to fill the
    water for miles;
another time fishing for rock-fish in chesapeake bay, i one of the
    brown-faced crew;
another time trailing for blue-fish off paumanok, i stand with braced body,
my left foot is on the gunwale, my right arm throws far out the
    coils of slender rope,
in sight around me the quick veering and darting of fifty skiffs, my
    companions.

o boating on the rivers,
the voyage down the st. lawrence, the superb scenery, the steamers,
the ships sailing, the thousand islands, the occasional timber-raft
    and the raftsmen with long-reaching sweep-oars,
the little huts on the rafts, and the stream of smoke when they cook
    supper at evening.

(o something pernicious and dread!
something far away from a puny and pious life!
something unproved! something in a trance!
something escaped from the anchorage and driving free.)

o to work in mines, or forging iron,
foundry casting, the foundry itself, the rude high roof, the ample
    and shadowd space,
the furnace, the hot liquid pourd out and running.

o to resume the joys of the soldier!
to feel the presence of a brave commanding officer--to feel his sympathy!
to behold his calmness--to be warmd in the rays of his smile!
to go to battle--to hear the bugles play and the drums beat!
to hear the crash of artillery--to see the glittering of the bayonets
    and musket-barrels in the sun!

to see men fall and die and not complain!
to taste the savage taste of blood--to be so devilish!
to gloat so over the wounds and deaths of the enemy.

o the whalemans joys! o i cruise my old cruise again!
i feel the ships motion under me, i feel the atlantic breezes fanning me,
i hear the cry again sent down from the mast-head, there--she blows!
again i spring up the rigging to look with the rest--we descend,
    wild with excitement,
i leap in the lowerd boat, we row toward our prey where he lies,
we approach stealthy and silent, i see the mountainous mass,
    lethargic, basking,
i see the harpooneer standing up, i see the weapon dart from his
    vigorous arm;
o swift again far out in the ocean the wounded whale, settling,
    running to windward, tows me,
again i see him rise to breathe, we row close again,
i see a lance driven through his side, pressd deep, turnd in the wound,
again we back off, i see him settle again, the life is leaving him fast,
as he rises he spouts blood, i see him swim in circles narrower and
    narrower, swiftly cutting the water--i see him die,
he gives one convulsive leap in the centre of the circle, and then
    falls flat and still in the bloody foam.

o the old manhood of me, my noblest joy of all!
my children and grand-children, my white hair and beard,
my largeness, calmness, majesty, out of the long stretch of my life.

o ripend joy of womanhood! o happiness at last!
i am more than eighty years of age, i am the most venerable mother,
how clear is my mind--how all people draw nigh to me!
what attractions are these beyond any before? what bloom more
    than the bloom of youth?
what beauty is this that descends upon me and rises out of me?

o the orators joys!
to inflate the chest, to roll the thunder of the voice out from the
    ribs and throat,
to make the people rage, weep, hate, desire, with yourself,
to lead america--to quell america with a great tongue.

o the joy of my soul leaning poisd on itself, receiving identity through
    materials and loving them, observing characters and absorbing them,
my soul vibrated back to me from them, from sight, hearing, touch,
    reason, articulation, comparison, memory, and the like,
the real life of my senses and flesh transcending my senses and flesh,
my body done with materials, my sight done with my material eyes,
proved to me this day beyond cavil that it is not my material eyes
    which finally see,
nor my material body which finally loves, walks, laughs, shouts,
    embraces, procreates.

o the farmers joys!
ohioans, illinoisians, wisconsinese, kanadians, iowans,
    kansians, missourians, oregonese joys!
to rise at peep of day and pass forth nimbly to work,
to plough land in the fall for winter-sown crops,
to plough land in the spring for maize,
to train orchards, to graft the trees, to gather apples in the fall.

o to bathe in the swimming-bath, or in a good place along shore,
to splash the water! to walk ankle-deep, or race naked along the shore.

o to realize space!
the plenteousness of all, that there are no bounds,
to emerge and be of the sky, of the sun and moon and flying
    clouds, as one with them.

o the joy a manly self-hood!
to be servile to none, to defer to none, not to any tyrant known or unknown,
to walk with erect carriage, a step springy and elastic,
to look with calm gaze or with a flashing eye,
to speak with a full and sonorous voice out of a broad chest,
to confront with your personality all the other personalities of the earth.

knowist thou the excellent joys of youth?
joys of the dear companions and of the merry word and laughing face?
joy of the glad light-beaming day, joy of the wide-breathd games?
joy of sweet music, joy of the lighted ball-room and the dancers?
joy of the plenteous dinner, strong carouse and drinking?

yet o my soul supreme!
knowist thou the joys of pensive thought?
joys of the free and lonesome heart, the tender, gloomy heart?
joys of the solitary walk, the spirit bowd yet proud, the suffering
    and the struggle?
the agonistic throes, the ecstasies, joys of the solemn musings day
    or night?
joys of the thought of death, the great spheres time and space?
prophetic joys of better, loftier loves ideals, the divine wife,
    the sweet, eternal, perfect comrade?
joys all thine own undying one, joys worthy thee o soul.

o while i live to be the ruler of life, not a slave,
to meet life as a powerful conqueror,
no fumes, no ennui, no more complaints or scornful criticisms,
to these proud laws of the air, the water and the ground, proving
    my interior soul impregnable,
and nothing exterior shall ever take command of me.

for not lifes joys alone i sing, repeating--the joy of death!
the beautiful touch of death, soothing and benumbing a few moments,
    for reasons,
myself discharging my excrementitious body to be burnd, or renderd
    to powder, or buried,
my real body doubtless left to me for other spheres,
my voided body nothing more to me, returning to the purifications,
    further offices, eternal uses of the earth.

o to attract by more than attraction!
how it is i know not--yet behold! the something which obeys none
    of the rest,
it is offensive, never defensive--yet how magnetic it draws.

o to struggle against great odds, to meet enemies undaunted!
to be entirely alone with them, to find how much one can stand!
to look strife, torture, prison, popular odium, face to face!
to mount the scaffold, to advance to the muzzles of guns with
    perfect nonchalance!
to be indeed a god!

o to sail to sea in a ship!
to leave this steady unendurable land,
to leave the tiresome sameness of the streets, the sidewalks and the
    houses,
to leave you o you solid motionless land, and entering a ship,
to sail and sail and sail!

o to have life henceforth a poem of new joys!
to dance, clap hands, exult, shout, skip, leap, roll on, float on!
to be a sailor of the world bound for all ports,
a ship itself, (see indeed these sails i spread to the sun and air,)
a swift and swelling ship full of rich words, full of joys.



[book xii]

}  song of the broad-axe

     1
weapon shapely, naked, wan,
head from the mothers bowels drawn,
wooded flesh and metal bone, limb only one and lip only one,
gray-blue leaf by red-heat grown, helve produced from a little seed sown,
resting the grass amid and upon,
to be leand and to lean on.

strong shapes and attributes of strong shapes, masculine trades,
    sights and sounds.
long varied train of an emblem, dabs of music,
fingers of the organist skipping staccato over the keys of the great organ.

     2
welcome are all earths lands, each for its kind,
welcome are lands of pine and oak,
welcome are lands of the lemon and fig,
welcome are lands of gold,
welcome are lands of wheat and maize, welcome those of the grape,
welcome are lands of sugar and rice,
welcome the cotton-lands, welcome those of the white potato and
    sweet potato,
welcome are mountains, flats, sands, forests, prairies,
welcome the rich borders of rivers, table-lands, openings,
welcome the measureless grazing-lands, welcome the teeming soil of
    orchards, flax, honey, hemp;
welcome just as much the other more hard-faced lands,
lands rich as lands of gold or wheat and fruit lands,
lands of mines, lands of the manly and rugged ores,
lands of coal, copper, lead, tin, zinc,
lands of iron--lands of the make of the axe.

     3
the log at the wood-pile, the axe supported by it,
the sylvan hut, the vine over the doorway, the space cleard for garden,
the irregular tapping of rain down on the leaves after the storm is lulld,
the walling and moaning at intervals, the thought of the sea,
the thought of ships struck in the storm and put on their beam ends,
    and the cutting away of masts,
the sentiment of the huge timbers of old-fashiond houses and barns,
the rememberd print or narrative, the voyage at a venture of men,
    families, goods,
the disembarkation, the founding of a new city,
the voyage of those who sought a new england and found it, the outset
    anywhere,
the settlements of the arkansas, colorado, ottawa, willamette,
the slow progress, the scant fare, the axe, rifle, saddle-bags;
the beauty of all adventurous and daring persons,
the beauty of wood-boys and wood-men with their clear untrimmd faces,
the beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on themselves,
the american contempt for statutes and ceremonies, the boundless
    impatience of restraint,
the loose drift of character, the inkling through random types, the
    solidification;
the butcher in the slaughter-house, the hands aboard schooners and
    sloops, the raftsman, the pioneer,
lumbermen in their winter camp, daybreak in the woods, stripes of
    snow on the limbs of trees, the occasional snapping,
the glad clear sound of ones own voice, the merry song, the natural
    life of the woods, the strong days work,
the blazing fire at night, the sweet taste of supper, the talk, the
    bed of hemlock-boughs and the bear-skin;
the house-builder at work in cities or anywhere,
the preparatory jointing, squaring, sawing, mortising,
the hoist-up of beams, the push of them in their places, laying them
    regular,
setting the studs by their tenons in the mortises according as they
    were prepared,
the blows of mallets and hammers, the attitudes of the men, their
    curvd limbs,
bending, standing, astride the beams, driving in pins, holding on by
    posts and braces,
the hookd arm over the plate, the other arm wielding the axe,
the floor-men forcing the planks close to be naild,
their postures bringing their weapons downward on the bearers,
the echoes resounding through the vacant building:
the huge storehouse carried up in the city well under way,
the six framing-men, two in the middle and two at each end, carefully
    bearing on their shoulders a heavy stick for a cross-beam,
the crowded line of masons with trowels in their right hands rapidly
    laying the long side-wall, two hundred feet from front to rear,
the flexible rise and fall of backs, the continual click of the
    trowels striking the bricks,
the bricks one after another each laid so workmanlike in its place,
    and set with a knock of the trowel-handle,
the piles of materials, the mortar on the mortar-boards, and the
    steady replenishing by the hod-men;
spar-makers in the spar-yard, the swarming row of well-grown apprentices,
the swing of their axes on the square-hewd log shaping it toward
    the shape of a mast,
the brisk short crackle of the steel driven slantingly into the pine,
the butter-colord chips flying off in great flakes and slivers,
the limber motion of brawny young arms and hips in easy costumes,
the constructor of wharves, bridges, piers, bulk-heads, floats,
    stays against the sea;
the city fireman, the fire that suddenly bursts forth in the
    close-packd square,
the arriving engines, the hoarse shouts, the nimble stepping and daring,
the strong command through the fire-trumpets, the falling in line,
    the rise and fall of the arms forcing the water,
the slender, spasmic, blue-white jets, the bringing to bear of the
    hooks and ladders and their execution,
the crash and cut away of connecting wood-work, or through floors
    if the fire smoulders under them,
the crowd with their lit faces watching, the glare and dense shadows;
the forger at his forge-furnace and the user of iron after him,
the maker of the axe large and small, and the welder and temperer,
the chooser breathing his breath on the cold steel and trying the
    edge with his thumb,
the one who clean-shapes the handle and sets it firmly in the socket;
the shadowy processions of the portraits of the past users also,
the primal patient mechanics, the architects and engineers,
the far-off assyrian edifice and mizra edifice,
the roman lictors preceding the consuls,
the antique european warrior with his axe in combat,
the uplifted arm, the clatter of blows on the helmeted head,
the death-howl, the limpsy tumbling body, the rush of friend and foe
    thither,
the siege of revolted lieges determind for liberty,
the summons to surrender, the battering at castle gates, the truce
    and parley,
the sack of an old city in its time,
the bursting in of mercenaries and bigots tumultuously and disorderly,
roar, flames, blood, drunkenness, madness,
goods freely rifled from houses and temples, screams of women in the
    gripe of brigands,
craft and thievery of camp-followers, men running, old persons despairing,
the hell of war, the cruelties of creeds,
the list of all executive deeds and words just or unjust,
the power of personality just or unjust.

     4
muscle and pluck forever!
what invigorates life invigorates death,
and the dead advance as much as the living advance,
and the future is no more uncertain than the present,
for the roughness of the earth and of man encloses as much as the
    delicatesse of the earth and of man,
and nothing endures but personal qualities.

what do you think endures?
do you think a great city endures?
or a teeming manufacturing state? or a prepared constitution? or the
    best built steamships?
or hotels of granite and iron? or any chef-doeuvres of engineering,
    forts, armaments?

away! these are not to be cherishd for themselves,
they fill their hour, the dancers dance, the musicians play for them,
the show passes, all does well enough of course,
all does very well till one flash of defiance.

a great city is that which has the greatest men and women,
if it be a few ragged huts it is still the greatest city in the
    whole world.

     5
the place where a great city stands is not the place of stretchd
    wharves, docks, manufactures, deposits of produce merely,
nor the place of ceaseless salutes of new-comers or the
    anchor-lifters of the departing,
nor the place of the tallest and costliest buildings or shops
    selling goods from the rest of the earth,
nor the place of the best libraries and schools, nor the place where
    money is plentiest,
nor the place of the most numerous population.

where the city stands with the brawniest breed of orators and bards,
where the city stands that is belovd by these, and loves them in
    return and understands them,
where no monuments exist to heroes but in the common words and deeds,
where thrift is in its place, and prudence is in its place,
where the men and women think lightly of the laws,
where the slave ceases, and the master of slaves ceases,
where the populace rise at once against the never-ending audacity of
    elected persons,
where fierce men and women pour forth as the sea to the whistle of
    death pours its sweeping and unript waves,
where outside authority enters always after the precedence of inside
    authority,
where the citizen is always the head and ideal, and president,
    mayor, governor and what not, are agents for pay,
where children are taught to be laws to themselves, and to depend on
    themselves,
where equanimity is illustrated in affairs,
where speculations on the soul are encouraged,
where women walk in public processions in the streets the same as the men,
where they enter the public assembly and take places the same as the men;
where the city of the faithfulest friends stands,
where the city of the cleanliness of the sexes stands,
where the city of the healthiest fathers stands,
where the city of the best-bodied mothers stands,
there the great city stands.

     6
how beggarly appear arguments before a defiant deed!
how the floridness of the materials of cities shrivels before a
    mans or womans look!

all waits or goes by default till a strong being appears;
a strong being is the proof of the race and of the ability of the universe,
when he or she appears materials are overawd,
the dispute on the soul stops,
the old customs and phrases are confronted, turnd back, or laid away.

what is your money-making now? what can it do now?
what is your respectability now?
what are your theology, tuition, society, traditions, statute-books, now?
where are your jibes of being now?
where are your cavils about the soul now?

     7
a sterile landscape covers the ore, there is as good as the best for
    all the forbidding appearance,
there is the mine, there are the miners,
the forge-furnace is there, the melt is accomplishd, the hammersmen
    are at hand with their tongs and hammers,
what always served and always serves is at hand.

than this nothing has better served, it has served all,
served the fluent-tongued and subtle-sensed greek, and long ere the greek,
served in building the buildings that last longer than any,
served the hebrew, the persian, the most ancient hindustanee,
served the mound-raiser on the mississippi, served those whose
    relics remain in central america,
served albic temples in woods or on plains, with unhewn pillars and
    the druids,
served the artificial clefts, vast, high, silent, on the
    snow-coverd hills of scandinavia,
served those who time out of mind made on the granite walls rough
    sketches of the sun, moon, stars, ships, ocean waves,
served the paths of the irruptions of the goths, served the pastoral
    tribes and nomads,
served the long distant kelt, served the hardy pirates of the baltic,
served before any of those the venerable and harmless men of ethiopia,
served the making of helms for the galleys of pleasure and the
    making of those for war,
served all great works on land and all great works on the sea,
for the mediaeval ages and before the mediaeval ages,
served not the living only then as now, but served the dead.

     8
i see the european headsman,
he stands maskd, clothed in red, with huge legs and strong naked arms,
and leans on a ponderous axe.

(whom have you slaughterd lately european headsman?
whose is that blood upon you so wet and sticky?)

i see the clear sunsets of the martyrs,
i see from the scaffolds the descending ghosts,
ghosts of dead lords, uncrownd ladies, impeachd ministers, rejected kings,
rivals, traitors, poisoners, disgraced chieftains and the rest.

i see those who in any land have died for the good cause,
the seed is spare, nevertheless the crop shall never run out,
(mind you o foreign kings, o priests, the crop shall never run out.)

i see the blood washd entirely away from the axe,
both blade and helve are clean,
they spirt no more the blood of european nobles, they clasp no more
    the necks of queens.

i see the headsman withdraw and become useless,
i see the scaffold untrodden and mouldy, i see no longer any axe upon it,

i see the mighty and friendly emblem of the power of my own race,
    the newest, largest race.

     9
(america! i do not vaunt my love for you,
i have what i have.)

the axe leaps!
the solid forest gives fluid utterances,
they tumble forth, they rise and form,
hut, tent, landing, survey,
flail, plough, pick, crowbar, spade,
shingle, rail, prop, wainscot, lamb, lath, panel, gable,
citadel, ceiling, saloon, academy, organ, exhibition-house, library,
cornice, trellis, pilaster, balcony, window, turret, porch,
hoe, rake, pitchfork, pencil, wagon, staff, saw, jack-plane, mallet,
    wedge, rounce,
chair, tub, hoop, table, wicket, vane, sash, floor,
work-box, chest, stringd instrument, boat, frame, and what not,
capitols of states, and capitol of the nation of states,
long stately rows in avenues, hospitals for orphans or for the poor or sick,
manhattan steamboats and clippers taking the measure of all seas.

the shapes arise!
shapes of the using of axes anyhow, and the users and all that
    neighbors them,
cutters down of wood and haulers of it to the penobscot or kenebec,
dwellers in cabins among the californian mountains or by the little
    lakes, or on the columbia,
dwellers south on the banks of the gila or rio grande, friendly
    gatherings, the characters and fun,
dwellers along the st. lawrence, or north in kanada, or down by the
    yellowstone, dwellers on coasts and off coasts,
seal-fishers, whalers, arctic seamen breaking passages through the ice.

the shapes arise!
shapes of factories, arsenals, foundries, markets,
shapes of the two-threaded tracks of railroads,
shapes of the sleepers of bridges, vast frameworks, girders, arches,
shapes of the fleets of barges, tows, lake and canal craft, river craft,
ship-yards and dry-docks along the eastern and western seas, and in
    many a bay and by-place,
the live-oak kelsons, the pine planks, the spars, the
    hackmatack-roots for knees,
the ships themselves on their ways, the tiers of scaffolds, the
    workmen busy outside and inside,
the tools lying around, the great auger and little auger, the adze,
    bolt, line, square, gouge, and bead-plane.

     10
the shapes arise!
the shape measurd, sawd, jackd, joind, staind,
the coffin-shape for the dead to lie within in his shroud,
the shape got out in posts, in the bedstead posts, in the posts of
    the brides bed,
the shape of the little trough, the shape of the rockers beneath,
    the shape of the babes cradle,
the shape of the floor-planks, the floor-planks for dancers feet,
the shape of the planks of the family home, the home of the friendly
    parents and children,
the shape of the roof of the home of the happy young man and
    woman, the roof over the well-married young man and woman,
the roof over the supper joyously cookd by the chaste wife, and joyously
    eaten by the chaste husband, content after his days work.

the shapes arise!
the shape of the prisoners place in the court-room, and of him or
    her seated in the place,
the shape of the liquor-bar leand against by the young rum-drinker
    and the old rum-drinker,
the shape of the shamed and angry stairs trod by sneaking foot- steps,
the shape of the sly settee, and the adulterous unwholesome couple,
the shape of the gambling-board with its devilish winnings and losings,
the shape of the step-ladder for the convicted and sentenced
    murderer, the murderer with haggard face and piniond arms,
the sheriff at hand with his deputies, the silent and white-lippd
    crowd, the dangling of the rope.

the shapes arise!
shapes of doors giving many exits and entrances,
the door passing the disseverd friend flushd and in haste,
the door that admits good news and bad news,
the door whence the son left home confident and puffd up,
the door he enterd again from a long and scandalous absence,
    diseasd, broken down, without innocence, without means.

     11
her shape arises,
she less guarded than ever, yet more guarded than ever,
the gross and soild she moves among do not make her gross and soild,
she knows the thoughts as she passes, nothing is conceald from her,
she is none the less considerate or friendly therefor,
she is the best belovd, it is without exception, she has no reason
    to fear and she does not fear,
oaths, quarrels, hiccuppd songs, smutty expressions, are idle to
    her as she passes,
she is silent, she is possessd of herself, they do not offend her,
she receives them as the laws of nature receive them, she is strong,
she too is a law of nature--there is no law stronger than she is.

     12
the main shapes arise!
shapes of democracy total, result of centuries,
shapes ever projecting other shapes,
shapes of turbulent manly cities,
shapes of the friends and home-givers of the whole earth,
shapes bracing the earth and braced with the whole earth.



[book xiii]

}  song of the exposition

     1
(ah little recks the laborer,
how near his work is holding him to god,
the loving laborer through space and time.)

after all not to create only, or found only,
but to bring perhaps from afar what is already founded,
to give it our own identity, average, limitless, free,
to fill the gross the torpid bulk with vital religious fire,
not to repel or destroy so much as accept, fuse, rehabilitate,
to obey as well as command, to follow more than to lead,
these also are the lessons of our new world;
while how little the new after all, how much the old, old world!

long and long has the grass been growing,
long and long has the rain been falling,
long has the globe been rolling round.

     2
come muse migrate from greece and ionia,
cross out please those immensely overpaid accounts,
that matter of troy and achilles wrath, and aeneas, odysseus wanderings,
placard "removed" and "to let" on the rocks of your snowy parnassus,
repeat at jerusalem, place the notice high on jaffas gate and on
    mount moriah,
the same on the walls of your german, french and spanish castles,
    and italian collections,
for know a better, fresher, busier sphere, a wide, untried domain
    awaits, demands you.

     3
responsive to our summons,
or rather to her long-nursd inclination,
joind with an irresistible, natural gravitation,
she comes! i hear the rustling of her gown,
i scent the odor of her breaths delicious fragrance,
i mark her step divine, her curious eyes a-turning, rolling,
upon this very scene.

the dame of dames! can i believe then,
those ancient temples, sculptures classic, could none of them retain her?
nor shades of virgil and dante, nor myriad memories, poems, old
    associations, magnetize and hold on to her?
but that shes left them all--and here?

yes, if you will allow me to say so,
i, my friends, if you do not, can plainly see her,
the same undying soul of earths, activitys, beautys, heroisms
    expression,
out from her evolutions hither come, ended the strata of her former themes,
hidden and coverd by to-days, foundation of to-days,
ended, deceasd through time, her voice by castalys fountain,
silent the broken-lippd sphynx in egypt, silent all those century-
    baffling tombs,
ended for aye the epics of asias, europes helmeted warriors, ended
    the primitive call of the muses,
calliopes call forever closed, clio, melpomene, thalia dead,
ended the stately rhythmus of una and oriana, ended the quest of the
    holy graal,
jerusalem a handful of ashes blown by the wind, extinct,
the crusaders streams of shadowy midnight troops sped with the sunrise,
amadis, tancred, utterly gone, charlemagne, roland, oliver gone,
palmerin, ogre, departed, vanishd the turrets that usk from its
    waters reflected,
arthur vanishd with all his knights, merlin and lancelot and
    galahad, all gone, dissolvd utterly like an exhalation;
passd! passd! for us, forever passd, that once so mighty world,
    now void, inanimate, phantom world,
embroiderd, dazzling, foreign world, with all its gorgeous legends, myths,
its kings and castles proud, its priests and warlike lords and
    courtly dames,
passd to its charnel vault, coffind with crown and armor on,
blazond with shaksperes purple page,
and dirged by tennysons sweet sad rhyme.

i say i see, my friends, if you do not, the illustrious emigre, (having it
    is true in her day, although the same, changed, journeyd considerable,)
making directly for this rendezvous, vigorously clearing a path for
    herself, striding through the confusion,
by thud of machinery and shrill steam-whistle undismayd,
bluffd not a bit by drain-pipe, gasometers, artificial fertilizers,
smiling and pleasd with palpable intent to stay,
shes here, installd amid the kitchen ware!

     4
but hold--dont i forget my manners?
to introduce the stranger, (what else indeed do i live to chant
    for?) to thee columbia;
in libertys name welcome immortal! clasp hands,
and ever henceforth sisters dear be both.

fear not o muse! truly new ways and days receive, surround you,
i candidly confess a queer, queer race, of novel fashion,
and yet the same old human race, the same within, without,
faces and hearts the same, feelings the same, yearnings the same,
the same old love, beauty and use the same.

     5
we do not blame thee elder world, nor really separate ourselves from thee,
(would the son separate himself from the father?)
looking back on thee, seeing thee to thy duties, grandeurs, through
    past ages bending, building,
we build to ours to-day.

mightier than egypts tombs,
fairer than grecias, romas temples,
prouder than milans statued, spired cathedral,
more picturesque than rhenish castle-keeps,
we plan even now to raise, beyond them all,
thy great cathedral sacred industry, no tomb,
a keep for life for practical invention.

as in a waking vision,
een while i chant i see it rise, i scan and prophesy outside and in,
its manifold ensemble.

around a palace, loftier, fairer, ampler than any yet,
earths modern wonder, historys seven outstripping,
high rising tier on tier with glass and iron facades,
gladdening the sun and sky, enhued in cheerfulest hues,
bronze, lilac, robins-egg, marine and crimson,
over whose golden roof shall flaunt, beneath thy banner freedom,
the banners of the states and flags of every land,
a brood of lofty, fair, but lesser palaces shall cluster.

somewhere within their walls shall all that forwards perfect human
    life be started,
tried, taught, advanced, visibly exhibited.

not only all the world of works, trade, products,
but all the workmen of the world here to be represented.

here shall you trace in flowing operation,
in every state of practical, busy movement, the rills of civilization,
materials here under your eye shall change their shape as if by magic,
the cotton shall be pickd almost in the very field,
shall be dried, cleand, ginnd, baled, spun into thread and cloth
    before you,
you shall see hands at work at all the old processes and all the new ones,
you shall see the various grains and how flour is made and then
    bread baked by the bakers,
you shall see the crude ores of california and nevada passing on and
    on till they become bullion,
you shall watch how the printer sets type, and learn what a
    composing-stick is,
you shall mark in amazement the hoe press whirling its cylinders,
    shedding the printed leaves steady and fast,
the photograph, model, watch, pin, nail, shall be created before you.

in large calm halls, a stately museum shall teach you the infinite
    lessons of minerals,
in another, woods, plants, vegetation shall be illustrated--in
    another animals, animal life and development.

one stately house shall be the music house,
others for other arts--learning, the sciences, shall all be here,
none shall be slighted, none but shall here be honord, helpd, exampled.

     6
(this, this and these, america, shall be your pyramids and obelisks,
your alexandrian pharos, gardens of babylon,
your temple at olympia.)

the male and female many laboring not,
shall ever here confront the laboring many,
with precious benefits to both, glory to all,
to thee america, and thee eternal muse.

and here shall ye inhabit powerful matrons!
in your vast state vaster than all the old,
echoed through long, long centuries to come,
to sound of different, prouder songs, with stronger themes,
practical, peaceful life, the peoples life, the people themselves,
lifted, illumind, bathed in peace--elate, secure in peace.

     7
away with themes of war! away with war itself!
hence from my shuddering sight to never more return that show of
    blackend, mutilated corpses!
that hell unpent and raid of blood, fit for wild tigers or for
    lop-tongued wolves, not reasoning men,
and in its stead speed industrys campaigns,
with thy undaunted armies, engineering,
thy pennants labor, loosend to the breeze,
thy bugles sounding loud and clear.

away with old romance!
away with novels, plots and plays of foreign courts,
away with love-verses sugard in rhyme, the intrigues, amours of idlers,
fitted for only banquets of the night where dancers to late music slide,
the unhealthy pleasures, extravagant dissipations of the few,
with perfumes, heat and wine, beneath the dazzling chandeliers.

to you ye reverent sane sisters,
i raise a voice for far superber themes for poets and for art,
to exalt the present and the real,
to teach the average man the glory of his daily walk and trade,
to sing in songs how exercise and chemical life are never to be baffled,
to manual work for each and all, to plough, hoe, dig,
to plant and tend the tree, the berry, vegetables, flowers,
for every man to see to it that he really do something, for every woman too;
to use the hammer and the saw, (rip, or cross-cut,)
to cultivate a turn for carpentering, plastering, painting,
to work as tailor, tailoress, nurse, hostler, porter,
to invent a little, something ingenious, to aid the washing, cooking,
    cleaning,
and hold it no disgrace to take a hand at them themselves.

i say i bring thee muse to-day and here,
all occupations, duties broad and close,
toil, healthy toil and sweat, endless, without cessation,
the old, old practical burdens, interests, joys,
the family, parentage, childhood, husband and wife,
the house-comforts, the house itself and all its belongings,
food and its preservation, chemistry applied to it,
whatever forms the average, strong, complete, sweet-blooded man or
    woman, the perfect longeve personality,
and helps its present life to health and happiness, and shapes its soul,
for the eternal real life to come.

with latest connections, works, the inter-transportation of the world,
steam-power, the great express lines, gas, petroleum,
these triumphs of our time, the atlantics delicate cable,
the pacific railroad, the suez canal, the mont cenis and gothard and
    hoosac tunnels, the brooklyn bridge,
this earth all spannd with iron rails, with lines of steamships
    threading in every sea,
our own rondure, the current globe i bring.

     8
and thou america,
thy offspring towering eer so high, yet higher thee above all towering,
with victory on thy left, and at thy right hand law;
thou union holding all, fusing, absorbing, tolerating all,
thee, ever thee, i sing.

thou, also thou, a world,
with all thy wide geographies, manifold, different, distant,
rounded by thee in one--one common orbic language,
one common indivisible destiny for all.

and by the spells which ye vouchsafe to those your ministers in earnest,
i here personify and call my themes, to make them pass before ye.

behold, america! (and thou, ineffable guest and sister!)
for thee come trooping up thy waters and thy lands;
behold! thy fields and farms, thy far-off woods and mountains,
as in procession coming.

behold, the sea itself,
and on its limitless, heaving breast, the ships;
see, where their white sails, bellying in the wind, speckle the
    green and blue,
see, the steamers coming and going, steaming in or out of port,
see, dusky and undulating, the long pennants of smoke.

behold, in oregon, far in the north and west,
or in maine, far in the north and east, thy cheerful axemen,
wielding all day their axes.

behold, on the lakes, thy pilots at their wheels, thy oarsmen,
how the ash writhes under those muscular arms!

there by the furnace, and there by the anvil,
behold thy sturdy blacksmiths swinging their sledges,
overhand so steady, overhand they turn and fall with joyous clank,
like a tumult of laughter.

mark the spirit of invention everywhere, thy rapid patents,
thy continual workshops, foundries, risen or rising,
see, from their chimneys how the tall flame-fires stream.

mark, thy interminable farms, north, south,
thy wealthy daughter-states, eastern and western,
the varied products of ohio, pennsylvania, missouri, georgia, texas,
    and the rest,
thy limitless crops, grass, wheat, sugar, oil, corn, rice, hemp, hops,
thy barns all filld, the endless freight-train and the bulging store-house,
the grapes that ripen on thy vines, the apples in thy orchards,
thy incalculable lumber, beef, pork, potatoes, thy coal, thy gold
    and silver,
the inexhaustible iron in thy mines.

all thine o sacred union!
ships, farms, shops, barns, factories, mines,
city and state, north, south, item and aggregate,
we dedicate, dread mother, all to thee!

protectress absolute, thou! bulwark of all!
for well we know that while thou givest each and all, (generous as god,)
without thee neither all nor each, nor land, home,
nor ship, nor mine, nor any here this day secure,
nor aught, nor any day secure.

     9
and thou, the emblem waving over all!
delicate beauty, a word to thee, (it may be salutary,)
remember thou hast not always been as here to-day so comfortably
    ensovereignd,
in other scenes than these have i observd thee flag,
not quite so trim and whole and freshly blooming in folds of
    stainless silk,
but i have seen thee bunting, to tatters torn upon thy splinterd staff,
or clutchd to some young color-bearers breast with desperate hands,
savagely struggled for, for life or death, fought over long,
mid cannons thunder-crash and many a curse and groan and yell, and
    rifle-volleys cracking sharp,
and moving masses as wild demons surging, and lives as nothing riskd,
for thy mere remnant grimed with dirt and smoke and soppd in blood,
for sake of that, my beauty, and that thou mightst dally as now
    secure up there,
many a good man have i seen go under.

now here and these and hence in peace, all thine o flag!
and here and hence for thee, o universal muse! and thou for them!
and here and hence o union, all the work and workmen thine!
none separate from thee--henceforth one only, we and thou,
(for the blood of the children, what is it, only the blood maternal?
and lives and works, what are they all at last, except the roads to
    faith and death?)

while we rehearse our measureless wealth, it is for thee, dear mother,
we own it all and several to-day indissoluble in thee;
think not our chant, our show, merely for products gross or lucre--
    it is for thee, the soul in thee, electric, spiritual!
our farms, inventions, crops, we own in thee! cities and states in thee!
our freedom all in thee! our very lives in thee!



[book xiv]

}  song of the redwood-tree

     1
a california song,
a prophecy and indirection, a thought impalpable to breathe as air,
a chorus of dryads, fading, departing, or hamadryads departing,
a murmuring, fateful, giant voice, out of the earth and sky,
voice of a mighty dying tree in the redwood forest dense.

farewell my brethren,
farewell o earth and sky, farewell ye neighboring waters,
my time has ended, my term has come.

along the northern coast,
just back from the rock-bound shore and the caves,
in the saline air from the sea in the mendocino country,
with the surge for base and accompaniment low and hoarse,
with crackling blows of axes sounding musically driven by strong arms,
riven deep by the sharp tongues of the axes, there in the redwood
    forest dense,
i heard the might tree its death-chant chanting.

the choppers heard not, the camp shanties echoed not,
the quick-eard teamsters and chain and jack-screw men heard not,
as the wood-spirits came from their haunts of a thousand years to
    join the refrain,
but in my soul i plainly heard.

murmuring out of its myriad leaves,
down from its lofty top rising two hundred feet high,
out of its stalwart trunk and limbs, out of its foot-thick bark,
that chant of the seasons and time, chant not of the past only but
    the future.

you untold life of me,
and all you venerable and innocent joys,
perennial hardy life of me with joys mid rain and many a summer sun,
and the white snows and night and the wild winds;
o the great patient rugged joys, my souls strong joys unreckd by man,
(for know i bear the soul befitting me, i too have consciousness, identity,
and all the rocks and mountains have, and all the earth,)
joys of the life befitting me and brothers mine,
our time, our term has come.

nor yield we mournfully majestic brothers,
we who have grandly filld our time,
with natures calm content, with tacit huge delight,
we welcome what we wrought for through the past,
and leave the field for them.

for them predicted long,
for a superber race, they too to grandly fill their time,
for them we abdicate, in them ourselves ye forest kings.
in them these skies and airs, these mountain peaks, shasta, nevadas,
these huge precipitous cliffs, this amplitude, these valleys, far yosemite,
to be in them absorbd, assimilated.

then to a loftier strain,
still prouder, more ecstatic rose the chant,
as if the heirs, the deities of the west,
joining with master-tongue bore part.

not wan from asias fetiches,
nor red from europes old dynastic slaughter-house,
(area of murder-plots of thrones, with scent left yet of wars and
    scaffolds everywhere,
but come from natures long and harmless throes, peacefully builded thence,
these virgin lands, lands of the western shore,
to the new culminating man, to you, the empire new,
you promisd long, we pledge, we dedicate.

you occult deep volitions,
you average spiritual manhood, purpose of all, poisd on yourself,
    giving not taking law,
you womanhood divine, mistress and source of all, whence life and
    love and aught that comes from life and love,
you unseen moral essence of all the vast materials of america, age
    upon age working in death the same as life,)
you that, sometimes known, oftener unknown, really shape and mould
    the new world, adjusting it to time and space,
you hidden national will lying in your abysms, conceald but ever alert,
you past and present purposes tenaciously pursued, may-be
    unconscious of yourselves,
unswervd by all the passing errors, perturbations of the surface;
you vital, universal, deathless germs, beneath all creeds, arts,
    statutes, literatures,
here build your homes for good, establish here, these areas entire,
    lands of the western shore,
we pledge, we dedicate to you.

for man of you, your characteristic race,
here may he hardy, sweet, gigantic grow, here tower proportionate to nature,
here climb the vast pure spaces unconfined, uncheckd by wall or roof,
here laugh with storm or sun, here joy, here patiently inure,
here heed himself, unfold himself, (not others formulas heed,)
here fill his time,
to duly fall, to aid, unreckd at last,
to disappear, to serve.

thus on the northern coast,
in the echo of teamsters calls and the clinking chains, and the
    music of choppers axes,
the falling trunk and limbs, the crash, the muffled shriek, the groan,
such words combined from the redwood-tree, as of voices ecstatic,
    ancient and rustling,
the century-lasting, unseen dryads, singing, withdrawing,
all their recesses of forests and mountains leaving,
from the cascade range to the wahsatch, or idaho far, or utah,
to the deities of the modern henceforth yielding,
the chorus and indications, the vistas of coming humanity, the
    settlements, features all,
in the mendocino woods i caught.

     2
the flashing and golden pageant of california,
the sudden and gorgeous drama, the sunny and ample lands,
the long and varied stretch from puget sound to colorado south,
lands bathed in sweeter, rarer, healthier air, valleys and mountain cliffs,
the fields of nature long prepared and fallow, the silent, cyclic chemistry,
the slow and steady ages plodding, the unoccupied surface ripening,
    the rich ores forming beneath;
at last the new arriving, assuming, taking possession,
a swarming and busy race settling and organizing everywhere,
ships coming in from the whole round world, and going out to the
    whole world,
to india and china and australia and the thousand island paradises
    of the pacific,
populous cities, the latest inventions, the steamers on the rivers,
    the railroads, with many a thrifty farm, with machinery,
and wool and wheat and the grape, and diggings of yellow gold.

     3
but more in you than these, lands of the western shore,
(these but the means, the implements, the standing-ground,)
i see in you, certain to come, the promise of thousands of years,
    till now deferrd,
promisd to be fulfilld, our common kind, the race.

the new society at last, proportionate to nature,
in man of you, more than your mountain peaks or stalwart trees imperial,
in woman more, far more, than all your gold or vines, or even vital air.

fresh come, to a new world indeed, yet long prepared,
i see the genius of the modern, child of the real and ideal,
clearing the ground for broad humanity, the true america, heir of
    the past so grand,
to build a grander future.



[book xv]

}  a song for occupations

     1
a song for occupations!
in the labor of engines and trades and the labor of fields i find
    the developments,
and find the eternal meanings.

workmen and workwomen!
were all educations practical and ornamental well displayd out of
    me, what would it amount to?
were i as the head teacher, charitable proprietor, wise statesman,
    what would it amount to?
were i to you as the boss employing and paying you, would that satisfy you?

the learnd, virtuous, benevolent, and the usual terms,
a man like me and never the usual terms.

neither a servant nor a master i,
i take no sooner a large price than a small price, i will have my
    own whoever enjoys me,
i will be even with you and you shall be even with me.

if you stand at work in a shop i stand as nigh as the nighest in the
    same shop,
if you bestow gifts on your brother or dearest friend i demand as
    good as your brother or dearest friend,
if your lover, husband, wife, is welcome by day or night, i must be
    personally as welcome,
if you become degraded, criminal, ill, then i become so for your sake,
if you remember your foolish and outlawd deeds, do you think i
    cannot remember my own foolish and outlawd deeds?
if you carouse at the table i carouse at the opposite side of the table,
if you meet some stranger in the streets and love him or her, why
    i often meet strangers in the street and love them.

why what have you thought of yourself?
is it you then that thought yourself less?
is it you that thought the president greater than you?
or the rich better off than you? or the educated wiser than you?

(because you are greasy or pimpled, or were once drunk, or a thief,
or that you are diseasd, or rheumatic, or a prostitute,
or from frivolity or impotence, or that you are no scholar and never
    saw your name in print,
do you give in that you are any less immortal?)

     2
souls of men and women! it is not you i call unseen, unheard,
    untouchable and untouching,
it is not you i go argue pro and con about, and to settle whether
    you are alive or no,
i own publicly who you are, if nobody else owns.

grown, half-grown and babe, of this country and every country,
    in-doors and out-doors, one just as much as the other, i see,
and all else behind or through them.

the wife, and she is not one jot less than the husband,
the daughter, and she is just as good as the son,
the mother, and she is every bit as much as the father.

offspring of ignorant and poor, boys apprenticed to trades,
young fellows working on farms and old fellows working on farms,
sailor-men, merchant-men, coasters, immigrants,
all these i see, but nigher and farther the same i see,
none shall escape me and none shall wish to escape me.

i bring what you much need yet always have,
not money, amours, dress, eating, erudition, but as good,
i send no agent or medium, offer no representative of value, but
    offer the value itself.

there is something that comes to one now and perpetually,
it is not what is printed, preachd, discussed, it eludes discussion
    and print,
it is not to be put in a book, it is not in this book,
it is for you whoever you are, it is no farther from you than your
    hearing and sight are from you,
it is hinted by nearest, commonest, readiest, it is ever provoked by them.

you may read in many languages, yet read nothing about it,
you may read the presidents message and read nothing about it there,
nothing in the reports from the state department or treasury
    department, or in the daily papers or weekly papers,
or in the census or revenue returns, prices current, or any accounts
    of stock.

     3
the sun and stars that float in the open air,
the apple-shaped earth and we upon it, surely the drift of them is
    something grand,
i do not know what it is except that it is grand, and that it is happiness,
and that the enclosing purport of us here is not a speculation or
    bon-mot or reconnoissance,
and that it is not something which by luck may turn out well for us,
    and without luck must be a failure for us,
and not something which may yet be retracted in a certain contingency.

the light and shade, the curious sense of body and identity, the
    greed that with perfect complaisance devours all things,
the endless pride and outstretching of man, unspeakable joys and sorrows,
the wonder every one sees in every one else he sees, and the wonders
    that fill each minute of time forever,
what have you reckond them for, camerado?
have you reckond them for your trade or farm-work? or for the
    profits of your store?
or to achieve yourself a position? or to fill a gentlemans leisure,
    or a ladys leisure?

have you reckond that the landscape took substance and form that it
    might be painted in a picture?
or men and women that they might be written of, and songs sung?
or the attraction of gravity, and the great laws and harmonious combinations
    and the fluids of the air, as subjects for the savans?
or the brown land and the blue sea for maps and charts?
or the stars to be put in constellations and named fancy names?
or that the growth of seeds is for agricultural tables, or
    agriculture itself?

old institutions, these arts, libraries, legends, collections, and
    the practice handed along in manufactures, will we rate them so high?
will we rate our cash and business high? i have no objection,
i rate them as high as the highest--then a child born of a woman and
    man i rate beyond all rate.

we thought our union grand, and our constitution grand,
i do not say they are not grand and good, for they are,
i am this day just as much in love with them as you,
then i am in love with you, and with all my fellows upon the earth.

we consider bibles and religions divine--i do not say they are not divine,
i say they have all grown out of you, and may grow out of you still,
it is not they who give the life, it is you who give the life,
leaves are not more shed from the trees, or trees from the earth,
    than they are shed out of you.

     4
the sum of all known reverence i add up in you whoever you are,
the president is there in the white house for you, it is not you who
    are here for him,
the secretaries act in their bureaus for you, not you here for them,
the congress convenes every twelfth-month for you,
laws, courts, the forming of states, the charters of cities, the
    going and coming of commerce and malls, are all for you.

list close my scholars dear,
doctrines, politics and civilization exurge from you,
sculpture and monuments and any thing inscribed anywhere are tallied in you,
the gist of histories and statistics as far back as the records
    reach is in you this hour, and myths and tales the same,
if you were not breathing and walking here, where would they all be?
the most renownd poems would be ashes, orations and plays would
    be vacuums.

all architecture is what you do to it when you look upon it,
(did you think it was in the white or gray stone? or the lines of
    the arches and cornices?)

all music is what awakes from you when you are reminded by the instruments,
it is not the violins and the cornets, it is not the oboe nor the
    beating drums, nor the score of the baritone singer singing his
    sweet romanza, nor that of the mens chorus, nor that of the
    womens chorus,
it is nearer and farther than they.

     5
will the whole come back then?
can each see signs of the best by a look in the looking-glass? is
    there nothing greater or more?
does all sit there with you, with the mystic unseen soul?

strange and hard that paradox true i give,
objects gross and the unseen soul are one.

house-building, measuring, sawing the boards,
blacksmithing, glass-blowing, nail-making, coopering, tin-roofing,
    shingle-dressing,
ship-joining, dock-building, fish-curing, flagging of sidewalks by flaggers,
the pump, the pile-driver, the great derrick, the coal-kiln and brickkiln,
coal-mines and all that is down there, the lamps in the darkness,
    echoes, songs, what meditations, what vast native thoughts
    looking through smutchd faces,
iron-works, forge-fires in the mountains or by river-banks, men
    around feeling the melt with huge crowbars, lumps of ore, the
    due combining of ore, limestone, coal,
the blast-furnace and the puddling-furnace, the loup-lump at the
    bottom of the melt at last, the rolling-mill, the stumpy bars
    of pig-iron, the strong clean-shaped trail for railroads,
oil-works, silk-works, white-lead-works, the sugar-house,
    steam-saws, the great mills and factories,
stone-cutting, shapely trimmings for facades or window or door-lintels,
    the mallet, the tooth-chisel, the jib to protect the thumb,
the calking-iron, the kettle of boiling vault-cement, and the fire
    under the kettle,
the cotton-bale, the stevedores hook, the saw and buck of the
    sawyer, the mould of the moulder, the working-knife of the
    butcher, the ice-saw, and all the work with ice,
the work and tools of the rigger, grappler, sail-maker, block-maker,
goods of gutta-percha, papier-mache, colors, brushes, brush-making,
    glaziers implements,
the veneer and glue-pot, the confectioners ornaments, the decanter
    and glasses, the shears and flat-iron,
the awl and knee-strap, the pint measure and quart measure, the
    counter and stool, the writing-pen of quill or metal, the making
    of all sorts of edged tools,
the brewery, brewing, the malt, the vats, every thing that is done
    by brewers, wine-makers, vinegar-makers,
leather-dressing, coach-making, boiler-making, rope-twisting,
    distilling, sign-painting, lime-burning, cotton-picking,
    electroplating, electrotyping, stereotyping,
stave-machines, planing-machines, reaping-machines,
    ploughing-machines, thrashing-machines, steam wagons,
the cart of the carman, the omnibus, the ponderous dray,
pyrotechny, letting off colord fireworks at night, fancy figures and jets;
beef on the butchers stall, the slaughter-house of the butcher, the
    butcher in his killing-clothes,
the pens of live pork, the killing-hammer, the hog-hook, the
    scalders tub, gutting, the cutters cleaver, the packers maul,
    and the plenteous winterwork of pork-packing,
flour-works, grinding of wheat, rye, maize, rice, the barrels and
    the half and quarter barrels, the loaded barges, the high piles
    on wharves and levees,
the men and the work of the men on ferries, railroads, coasters,
    fish-boats, canals;
the hourly routine of your own or any mans life, the shop, yard,
    store, or factory,
these shows all near you by day and night--workman! whoever you
    are, your daily life!

in that and them the heft of the heaviest--in that and them far more
    than you estimated, (and far less also,)
in them realities for you and me, in them poems for you and me,
in them, not yourself-you and your soul enclose all things,
    regardless of estimation,
in them the development good--in them all themes, hints, possibilities.

i do not affirm that what you see beyond is futile, i do not advise
    you to stop,
i do not say leadings you thought great are not great,
but i say that none lead to greater than these lead to.

     6
will you seek afar off? you surely come back at last,
in things best known to you finding the best, or as good as the best,
in folks nearest to you finding the sweetest, strongest, lovingest,
happiness, knowledge, not in another place but this place, not for
    another hour but this hour,
man in the first you see or touch, always in friend, brother,
    nighest neighbor--woman in mother, sister, wife,
the popular tastes and employments taking precedence in poems or anywhere,
you workwomen and workmen of these states having your own divine
    and strong life,
and all else giving place to men and women like you.
when the psalm sings instead of the singer,

when the script preaches instead of the preacher,
when the pulpit descends and goes instead of the carver that carved
    the supporting desk,
when i can touch the body of books by night or by day, and when they
    touch my body back again,
when a university course convinces like a slumbering woman and child
    convince,
when the minted gold in the vault smiles like the night-watchmans daughter,
when warrantee deeds loafe in chairs opposite and are my friendly
    companions,
i intend to reach them my hand, and make as much of them as i do
    of men and women like you.



[book xvi]

}  a song of the rolling earth

     1
a song of the rolling earth, and of words according,
were you thinking that those were the words, those upright lines?
    those curves, angles, dots?
no, those are not the words, the substantial words are in the ground
    and sea,
they are in the air, they are in you.

were you thinking that those were the words, those delicious sounds
    out of your friends mouths?
no, the real words are more delicious than they.

human bodies are words, myriads of words,
(in the best poems re-appears the body, mans or womans,
    well-shaped, natural, gay,
every part able, active, receptive, without shame or the need of shame.)

air, soil, water, fire--those are words,
i myself am a word with them--my qualities interpenetrate with
    theirs--my name is nothing to them,
though it were told in the three thousand languages, what would
    air, soil, water, fire, know of my name?

a healthy presence, a friendly or commanding gesture, are words,
    sayings, meanings,
the charms that go with the mere looks of some men and women,
    are sayings and meanings also.

the workmanship of souls is by those inaudible words of the earth,
the masters know the earths words and use them more than audible words.

amelioration is one of the earths words,
the earth neither lags nor hastens,
it has all attributes, growths, effects, latent in itself from the jump,
it is not half beautiful only, defects and excrescences show just as
    much as perfections show.

the earth does not withhold, it is generous enough,
the truths of the earth continually wait, they are not so conceald either,
they are calm, subtle, untransmissible by print,
they are imbued through all things conveying themselves willingly,
conveying a sentiment and invitation, i utter and utter,
i speak not, yet if you hear me not of what avail am i to you?
to bear, to better, lacking these of what avail am i?

(accouche! accouchez!
will you rot your own fruit in yourself there?
will you squat and stifle there?)

the earth does not argue,
is not pathetic, has no arrangements,
does not scream, haste, persuade, threaten, promise,
makes no discriminations, has no conceivable failures,
closes nothing, refuses nothing, shuts none out,
of all the powers, objects, states, it notifies, shuts none out.

the earth does not exhibit itself nor refuse to exhibit itself,
    possesses still underneath,
underneath the ostensible sounds, the august chorus of heroes, the
    wail of slaves,
persuasions of lovers, curses, gasps of the dying, laughter of young
    people, accents of bargainers,
underneath these possessing words that never fall.

to her children the words of the eloquent dumb great mother never fail,
the true words do not fail, for motion does not fail and reflection
    does not fall,
also the day and night do not fall, and the voyage we pursue does not fall.

of the interminable sisters,
of the ceaseless cotillons of sisters,
of the centripetal and centrifugal sisters, the elder and younger sisters,
the beautiful sister we know dances on with the rest.

with her ample back towards every beholder,
with the fascinations of youth and the equal fascinations of age,
sits she whom i too love like the rest, sits undisturbd,
holding up in her hand what has the character of a mirror, while her
    eyes glance back from it,
glance as she sits, inviting none, denying none,
holding a mirror day and night tirelessly before her own face.

seen at hand or seen at a distance,
duly the twenty-four appear in public every day,
duly approach and pass with their companions or a companion,
looking from no countenances of their own, but from the countenances
    of those who are with them,
from the countenances of children or women or the manly countenance,
from the open countenances of animals or from inanimate things,
from the landscape or waters or from the exquisite apparition of the sky,
from our countenances, mine and yours, faithfully returning them,
every day in public appearing without fall, but never twice with the
    same companions.

embracing man, embracing all, proceed the three hundred and
    sixty-five resistlessly round the sun;
embracing all, soothing, supporting, follow close three hundred and
    sixty-five offsets of the first, sure and necessary as they.

tumbling on steadily, nothing dreading,
sunshine, storm, cold, heat, forever withstanding, passing, carrying,
the souls realization and determination still inheriting,
the fluid vacuum around and ahead still entering and dividing,
no balk retarding, no anchor anchoring, on no rock striking,
swift, glad, content, unbereavd, nothing losing,
of all able and ready at any time to give strict account,
the divine ship sails the divine sea.

     2
whoever you are! motion and reflection are especially for you,
the divine ship sails the divine sea for you.

whoever you are! you are he or she for whom the earth is solid and liquid,
you are he or she for whom the sun and moon hang in the sky,
for none more than you are the present and the past,
for none more than you is immortality.

each man to himself and each woman to herself, is the word of the
    past and present, and the true word of immortality;
no one can acquire for another--not one,
not one can grow for another--not one.

the song is to the singer, and comes back most to him,
the teaching is to the teacher, and comes back most to him,
the murder is to the murderer, and comes back most to him,
the theft is to the thief, and comes back most to him,
the love is to the lover, and comes back most to him,
the gift is to the giver, and comes back most to him--it cannot fail,
the oration is to the orator, the acting is to the actor and actress
    not to the audience,
and no man understands any greatness or goodness but his own, or
    the indication of his own.

     3
i swear the earth shall surely be complete to him or her who shall
    be complete,
the earth remains jagged and broken only to him or her who remains
    jagged and broken.

i swear there is no greatness or power that does not emulate those
    of the earth,
there can be no theory of any account unless it corroborate the
    theory of the earth,
no politics, song, religion, behavior, or what not, is of account,
    unless it compare with the amplitude of the earth,
unless it face the exactness, vitality, impartiality, rectitude of
    the earth.

i swear i begin to see love with sweeter spasms than that which
    responds love,
it is that which contains itself, which never invites and never refuses.

i swear i begin to see little or nothing in audible words,
all merges toward the presentation of the unspoken meanings of the earth,
toward him who sings the songs of the body and of the truths of the earth,
toward him who makes the dictionaries of words that print cannot touch.

i swear i see what is better than to tell the best,
it is always to leave the best untold.

when i undertake to tell the best i find i cannot,
my tongue is ineffectual on its pivots,
my breath will not be obedient to its organs,
i become a dumb man.

the best of the earth cannot be told anyhow, all or any is best,
it is not what you anticipated, it is cheaper, easier, nearer,
things are not dismissd from the places they held before,
the earth is just as positive and direct as it was before,
facts, religions, improvements, politics, trades, are as real as before,
but the soul is also real, it too is positive and direct,
no reasoning, no proof has establishd it,
undeniable growth has establishd it.

     4
these to echo the tones of souls and the phrases of souls,
(if they did not echo the phrases of souls what were they then?
if they had not reference to you in especial what were they then?)

i swear i will never henceforth have to do with the faith that tells
    the best,
i will have to do only with that faith that leaves the best untold.

say on, sayers! sing on, singers!
delve! mould! pile the words of the earth!
work on, age after age, nothing is to be lost,
it may have to wait long, but it will certainly come in use,
when the materials are all prepared and ready, the architects shall appear.

i swear to you the architects shall appear without fall,
i swear to you they will understand you and justify you,
the greatest among them shall be he who best knows you, and encloses
    all and is faithful to all,
he and the rest shall not forget you, they shall perceive that you
    are not an iota less than they,
you shall be fully glorified in them.



}  youth, day, old age and night

youth, large, lusty, loving--youth full of grace, force, fascination,
do you know that old age may come after you with equal grace,
    force, fascination?

day full-blown and splendid-day of the immense sun, action,
    ambition, laughter,
the night follows close with millions of suns, and sleep and
    restoring darkness.



[book xvii.  birds of passage]

}  song of the universal

     1
come said the muse,
sing me a song no poet yet has chanted,
sing me the universal.

in this broad earth of ours,
amid the measureless grossness and the slag,
enclosed and safe within its central heart,
nestles the seed perfection.

by every life a share or more or less,
none born but it is born, conceald or unconceald the seed is waiting.

     2
lo! keen-eyed towering science,
as from tall peaks the modern overlooking,
successive absolute fiats issuing.

yet again, lo! the soul, above all science,
for it has history gatherd like husks around the globe,
for it the entire star-myriads roll through the sky.

in spiral routes by long detours,
(as a much-tacking ship upon the sea,)
for it the partial to the permanent flowing,
for it the real to the ideal tends.

for it the mystic evolution,
not the right only justified, what we call evil also justified.

forth from their masks, no matter what,
from the huge festering trunk, from craft and guile and tears,
health to emerge and joy, joy universal.

out of the bulk, the morbid and the shallow,
out of the bad majority, the varied countless frauds of men and states,
electric, antiseptic yet, cleaving, suffusing all,
only the good is universal.

     3
over the mountain-growths disease and sorrow,
an uncaught bird is ever hovering, hovering,
high in the purer, happier air.

from imperfections murkiest cloud,
darts always forth one ray of perfect light,
one flash of heavens glory.

to fashions, customs discord,
to the mad babel-din, the deafening orgies,
soothing each lull a strain is heard, just heard,
from some far shore the final chorus sounding.

o the blest eyes, the happy hearts,
that see, that know the guiding thread so fine,
along the mighty labyrinth.

     4
and thou america,
for the schemes culmination, its thought and its reality,
for these (not for thyself) thou hast arrived.

thou too surroundest all,
embracing carrying welcoming all, thou too by pathways broad and new,
to the ideal tendest.

the measured faiths of other lands, the grandeurs of the past,
are not for thee, but grandeurs of thine own,
deific faiths and amplitudes, absorbing, comprehending all,
all eligible to all.

all, all for immortality,
love like the light silently wrapping all,
natures amelioration blessing all,
the blossoms, fruits of ages, orchards divine and certain,
forms, objects, growths, humanities, to spiritual images ripening.

give me o god to sing that thought,
give me, give him or her i love this quenchless faith,
in thy ensemble, whatever else withheld withhold not from us,
belief in plan of thee enclosed in time and space,
health, peace, salvation universal.

is it a dream?
nay but the lack of it the dream,
and failing it lifes lore and wealth a dream,
and all the world a dream.



}  pioneers! o pioneers!

     come my tan-faced children,
follow well in order, get your weapons ready,
have you your pistols? have you your sharp-edged axes?
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     for we cannot tarry here,
we must march my darlings, we must bear the brunt of danger,
we the youthful sinewy races, all the rest on us depend,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     o you youths, western youths,
so impatient, full of action, full of manly pride and friendship,
plain i see you western youths, see you tramping with the foremost,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     have the elder races halted?
do they droop and end their lesson, wearied over there beyond the seas?
we take up the task eternal, and the burden and the lesson,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     all the past we leave behind,
we debouch upon a newer mightier world, varied world,
fresh and strong the world we seize, world of labor and the march,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     we detachments steady throwing,
down the edges, through the passes, up the mountains steep,
conquering, holding, daring, venturing as we go the unknown ways,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     we primeval forests felling,
we the rivers stemming, vexing we and piercing deep the mines within,
we the surface broad surveying, we the virgin soil upheaving,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     colorado men are we,
from the peaks gigantic, from the great sierras and the high plateaus,
from the mine and from the gully, from the hunting trail we come,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     from nebraska, from arkansas,
central inland race are we, from missouri, with the continental
     blood interveind,
all the hands of comrades clasping, all the southern, all the northern,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     o resistless restless race!
o beloved race in all! o my breast aches with tender love for all!
o i mourn and yet exult, i am rapt with love for all,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     raise the mighty mother mistress,
waving high the delicate mistress, over all the starry mistress,
     (bend your heads all,)
raise the fangd and warlike mistress, stern, impassive, weapond mistress,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     see my children, resolute children,
by those swarms upon our rear we must never yield or falter,
ages back in ghostly millions frowning there behind us urging,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     on and on the compact ranks,
with accessions ever waiting, with the places of the dead quickly filld,
through the battle, through defeat, moving yet and never stopping,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     o to die advancing on!
are there some of us to droop and die? has the hour come?
then upon the march we fittest die, soon and sure the gap is filld.
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     all the pulses of the world,
falling in they beat for us, with the western movement beat,
holding single or together, steady moving to the front, all for us,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     lifes involvd and varied pageants,
all the forms and shows, all the workmen at their work,
all the seamen and the landsmen, all the masters with their slaves,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

    all the hapless silent lovers,
all the prisoners in the prisons, all the righteous and the wicked,
all the joyous, all the sorrowing, all the living, all the dying,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

    i too with my soul and body,
we, a curious trio, picking, wandering on our way,
through these shores amid the shadows, with the apparitions pressing,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

    lo, the darting bowling orb!
lo, the brother orbs around, all the clustering suns and planets,
all the dazzling days, all the mystic nights with dreams,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

    these are of us, they are with us,
all for primal needed work, while the followers there in embryo wait behind,
we to-days procession heading, we the route for travel clearing,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

o you daughters of the west!
o you young and elder daughters! o you mothers and you wives!
never must you be divided, in our ranks you move united,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     minstrels latent on the prairies!
(shrouded bards of other lands, you may rest, you have done your work,)
soon i hear you coming warbling, soon you rise and tramp amid us,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     not for delectations sweet,
not the cushion and the slipper, not the peaceful and the studious,
not the riches safe and palling, not for us the tame enjoyment,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     do the feasters gluttonous feast?
do the corpulent sleepers sleep? have they lockd and bolted doors?
still be ours the diet hard, and the blanket on the ground,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     has the night descended?
was the road of late so toilsome? did we stop discouraged nodding
     on our way?
yet a passing hour i yield you in your tracks to pause oblivious,
     pioneers! o pioneers!

     till with sound of trumpet,
far, far off the daybreak call--hark! how loud and clear i hear it wind,
swift! to the head of the army!--swift! spring to your places,
     pioneers! o pioneers!



}  to you

whoever you are, i fear you are walking the walks of dreams,
i fear these supposed realities are to melt from under your feet and hands,
even now your features, joys, speech, house, trade, manners,
    troubles, follies, costume, crimes, dissipate away from you,
your true soul and body appear before me.
they stand forth out of affairs, out of commerce, shops, work,
    farms, clothes, the house, buying, selling, eating, drinking,
    suffering, dying.

whoever you are, now i place my hand upon you, that you be my poem,
i whisper with my lips close to your ear.
i have loved many women and men, but i love none better than you.

o i have been dilatory and dumb,
i should have made my way straight to you long ago,
i should have blabbd nothing but you, i should have chanted nothing
    but you.

i will leave all and come and make the hymns of you,
none has understood you, but i understand you,
none has done justice to you, you have not done justice to yourself,
none but has found you imperfect, i only find no imperfection in you,
none but would subordinate you, i only am he who will never consent
    to subordinate you,
i only am he who places over you no master, owner, better, god,
    beyond what waits intrinsically in yourself.

painters have painted their swarming groups and the centre-figure of all,
from the head of the centre-figure spreading a nimbus of gold-colord light,
but i paint myriads of heads, but paint no head without its nimbus
    of gold-colord light,
from my hand from the brain of every man and woman it streams,
    effulgently flowing forever.

o i could sing such grandeurs and glories about you!
you have not known what you are, you have slumberd upon yourself
    all your life,
your eyelids have been the same as closed most of the time,
what you have done returns already in mockeries,
(your thrift, knowledge, prayers, if they do not return in
    mockeries, what is their return?)

the mockeries are not you,
underneath them and within them i see you lurk,
i pursue you where none else has pursued you,
silence, the desk, the flippant expression, the night, the
    accustomd routine, if these conceal you from others or from
    yourself, they do not conceal you from me,
the shaved face, the unsteady eye, the impure complexion, if these
    balk others they do not balk me,
the pert apparel, the deformd attitude, drunkenness, greed,
    premature death, all these i part aside.

there is no endowment in man or woman that is not tallied in you,
there is no virtue, no beauty in man or woman, but as good is in you,
no pluck, no endurance in others, but as good is in you,
no pleasure waiting for others, but an equal pleasure waits for you.

as for me, i give nothing to any one except i give the like carefully
    to you,
i sing the songs of the glory of none, not god, sooner than i sing
    the songs of the glory of you.

whoever you are! claim your own at any hazard!
these shows of the east and west are tame compared to you,
these immense meadows, these interminable rivers, you are immense
    and interminable as they,
these furies, elements, storms, motions of nature, throes of apparent
    dissolution, you are he or she who is master or mistress over them,
master or mistress in your own right over nature, elements, pain,
    passion, dissolution.

the hopples fall from your ankles, you find an unfailing sufficiency,
old or young, male or female, rude, low, rejected by the rest,
    whatever you are promulges itself,
through birth, life, death, burial, the means are provided, nothing
    is scanted,
through angers, losses, ambition, ignorance, ennui, what you are
    picks its way.



}  france [the 18th year of these states]

a great year and place
a harsh discordant natal scream out-sounding, to touch the mothers
    heart closer than any yet.

i walkd the shores of my eastern sea,
heard over the waves the little voice,
saw the divine infant where she woke mournfully wailing, amid the
    roar of cannon, curses, shouts, crash of falling buildings,
was not so sick from the blood in the gutters running, nor from the single
    corpses, nor those in heaps, nor those borne away in the tumbrils,
was not so desperate at the battues of death--was not so shockd at
    the repeated fusillades of the guns.

pale, silent, stern, what could i say to that long-accrued retribution?
could i wish humanity different?
could i wish the people made of wood and stone?
or that there be no justice in destiny or time?

o liberty! o mate for me!
here too the blaze, the grape-shot and the axe, in reserve, to fetch
    them out in case of need,
here too, though long represt, can never be destroyd,
here too could rise at last murdering and ecstatic,
here too demanding full arrears of vengeance.

hence i sign this salute over the sea,
and i do not deny that terrible red birth and baptism,
but remember the little voice that i heard wailing, and wait with
    perfect trust, no matter how long,
and from to-day sad and cogent i maintain the bequeathd cause, as
    for all lands,
and i send these words to paris with my love,
and i guess some chansonniers there will understand them,
for i guess there is latent music yet in france, floods of it,
o i hear already the bustle of instruments, they will soon be
    drowning all that would interrupt them,
o i think the east wind brings a triumphal and free march,
it reaches hither, it swells me to joyful madness,
i will run transpose it in words, to justify
i will yet sing a song for you ma femme.



}  myself and mine

myself and mine gymnastic ever,
to stand the cold or heat, to take good aim with a gun, to sail a
    boat, to manage horses, to beget superb children,
to speak readily and clearly, to feel at home among common people,
and to hold our own in terrible positions on land and sea.

not for an embroiderer,
(there will always be plenty of embroiderers, i welcome them also,)
but for the fibre of things and for inherent men and women.

not to chisel ornaments,
but to chisel with free stroke the heads and limbs of plenteous
    supreme gods, that the states may realize them walking and talking.

let me have my own way,
let others promulge the laws, i will make no account of the laws,
let others praise eminent men and hold up peace, i hold up agitation
    and conflict,
i praise no eminent man, i rebuke to his face the one that was
    thought most worthy.

(who are you? and what are you secretly guilty of all your life?
will you turn aside all your life? will you grub and chatter all
    your life?
and who are you, blabbing by rote, years, pages, languages, reminiscences,
unwitting to-day that you do not know how to speak properly a single word?)

let others finish specimens, i never finish specimens,
i start them by exhaustless laws as nature does, fresh and modern
    continually.

i give nothing as duties,
what others give as duties i give as living impulses,
(shall i give the hearts action as a duty?)

let others dispose of questions, i dispose of nothing, i arouse
    unanswerable questions,
who are they i see and touch, and what about them?
what about these likes of myself that draw me so close by tender
    directions and indirections?

i call to the world to distrust the accounts of my friends, but
    listen to my enemies, as i myself do,
i charge you forever reject those who would expound me, for i cannot
    expound myself,
i charge that there be no theory or school founded out of me,
i charge you to leave all free, as i have left all free.

after me, vista!
o i see life is not short, but immeasurably long,
i henceforth tread the world chaste, temperate, an early riser, a
    steady grower,
every hour the semen of centuries, and still of centuries.

i must follow up these continual lessons of the air, water, earth,
i perceive i have no time to lose.



}  year of meteors [1859-60]

year of meteors! brooding year!
i would bind in words retrospective some of your deeds and signs,
i would sing your contest for the 19th presidentiad,
i would sing how an old man, tall, with white hair, mounted the
    scaffold in virginia,
(i was at hand, silent i stood with teeth shut close, i watchd,
i stood very near you old man when cool and indifferent, but trembling
    with age and your unheald wounds you mounted the scaffold;)
i would sing in my copious song your census returns of the states,
the tables of population and products, i would sing of your ships
    and their cargoes,
the proud black ships of manhattan arriving, some filld with
    immigrants, some from the isthmus with cargoes of gold,
songs thereof would i sing, to all that hitherward comes would welcome give,
and you would i sing, fair stripling! welcome to you from me, young
    prince of england!
(remember you surging manhattans crowds as you passd with your
    cortege of nobles?
there in the crowds stood i, and singled you out with attachment;)
nor forget i to sing of the wonder, the ship as she swam up my bay,
well-shaped and stately the great eastern swam up my bay, she was
    600 feet long,
her moving swiftly surrounded by myriads of small craft i forget not
    to sing;
nor the comet that came unannounced out of the north flaring in heaven,
nor the strange huge meteor-procession dazzling and clear shooting
    over our heads,
(a moment, a moment long it saild its balls of unearthly light over
    our heads,
then departed, dropt in the night, and was gone;)
of such, and fitful as they, i sing--with gleams from them would
    gleam and patch these chants,
your chants, o year all mottled with evil and good--year of forebodings!
year of comets and meteors transient and strange--lo! even here one
    equally transient and strange!
as i flit through you hastily, soon to fall and be gone, what is this chant,
what am i myself but one of your meteors?



}  with antecedents

     1
with antecedents,
with my fathers and mothers and the accumulations of past ages,
with all which, had it not been, i would not now be here, as i am,
with egypt, india, phenicia, greece and rome,
with the kelt, the scandinavian, the alb and the saxon,
with antique maritime ventures, laws, artisanship, wars and journeys,
with the poet, the skald, the saga, the myth, and the oracle,
with the sale of slaves, with enthusiasts, with the troubadour, the
    crusader, and the monk,
with those old continents whence we have come to this new continent,
with the fading kingdoms and kings over there,
with the fading religions and priests,
with the small shores we look back to from our own large and present shores,
with countless years drawing themselves onward and arrived at these years,
you and me arrived--america arrived and making this year,
this year! sending itself ahead countless years to come.

     2
o but it is not the years--it is i, it is you,
we touch all laws and tally all antecedents,
we are the skald, the oracle, the monk and the knight, we easily
    include them and more,
we stand amid time beginningless and endless, we stand amid evil and good,
all swings around us, there is as much darkness as light,
the very sun swings itself and its system of planets around us,
its sun, and its again, all swing around us.

as for me, (torn, stormy, amid these vehement days,)
i have the idea of all, and am all and believe in all,
i believe materialism is true and spiritualism is true, i reject no part.

(have i forgotten any part? any thing in the past?
come to me whoever and whatever, till i give you recognition.)

i respect assyria, china, teutonia, and the hebrews,
i adopt each theory, myth, god, and demigod,
i see that the old accounts, bibles, genealogies, are true, without
    exception,
i assert that all past days were what they must have been,
and that they could no-how have been better than they were,
and that to-day is what it must be, and that america is,
and that to-day and america could no-how be better than they are.

     3
in the name of these states and in your and my name, the past,
and in the name of these states and in your and my name, the present time.

i know that the past was great and the future will be great,
and i know that both curiously conjoint in the present time,
(for the sake of him i typify, for the common average mans sake,
    your sake if you are he,)
and that where i am or you are this present day, there is the centre
    of all days, all races,
and there is the meaning to us of all that has ever come of races
    and days, or ever will come.



[book xviii]

}  a broadway pageant

     1
over the western sea hither from niphon come,
courteous, the swart-cheekd two-sworded envoys,
leaning back in their open barouches, bare-headed, impassive,
ride to-day through manhattan.

libertad! i do not know whether others behold what i behold,
in the procession along with the nobles of niphon, the errand-bearers,
bringing up the rear, hovering above, around, or in the ranks marching,
but i will sing you a song of what i behold libertad.

when million-footed manhattan unpent descends to her pavements,
when the thunder-cracking guns arouse me with the proud roar love,
when the round-mouthd guns out of the smoke and smell i love
    spit their salutes,
when the fire-flashing guns have fully alerted me, and
    heaven-clouds canopy my city with a delicate thin haze,
when gorgeous the countless straight stems, the forests at the
    wharves, thicken with colors,
when every ship richly drest carries her flag at the peak,
when pennants trail and street-festoons hang from the windows,
when broadway is entirely given up to foot-passengers and
    foot-standers, when the mass is densest,
when the facades of the houses are alive with people, when eyes
    gaze riveted tens of thousands at a time,
when the guests from the islands advance, when the pageant moves
    forward visible,
when the summons is made, when the answer that waited thousands
    of years answers,
i too arising, answering, descend to the pavements, merge with the
    crowd, and gaze with them.

     2
superb-faced manhattan!
comrade americanos! to us, then at last the orient comes.
to us, my city,
where our tall-topt marble and iron beauties range on opposite
    sides, to walk in the space between,
to-day our antipodes comes.

the originatress comes,
the nest of languages, the bequeather of poems, the race of eld,
florid with blood, pensive, rapt with musings, hot with passion,
sultry with perfume, with ample and flowing garments,
with sunburnt visage, with intense soul and glittering eyes,
the race of brahma comes.

see my cantabile! these and more are flashing to us from the procession,
as it moves changing, a kaleidoscope divine it moves changing before us.


for not the envoys nor the tannd japanee from his island only,
lithe and silent the hindoo appears, the asiatic continent itself
    appears, the past, the dead,
the murky night-morning of wonder and fable inscrutable,
the envelopd mysteries, the old and unknown hive-bees,
the north, the sweltering south, eastern assyria, the hebrews, the
    ancient of ancients,
vast desolated cities, the gliding present, all of these and more
    are in the pageant-procession.

geography, the world, is in it,
the great sea, the brood of islands, polynesia, the coast beyond,
the coast you henceforth are facing--you libertad! from your western
    golden shores,
the countries there with their populations, the millions en-masse
    are curiously here,
the swarming market-places, the temples with idols ranged along the
    sides or at the end, bonze, brahmin, and llama,
mandarin, farmer, merchant, mechanic, and fisherman,
the singing-girl and the dancing-girl, the ecstatic persons, the
    secluded emperors,
confucius himself, the great poets and heroes, the warriors, the castes,
    all,
trooping up, crowding from all directions, from the altay mountains,
from thibet, from the four winding and far-flowing rivers of china,
from the southern peninsulas and the demi-continental islands, from
    malaysia,
these and whatever belongs to them palpable show forth to me, and
    are seizd by me,
and i am seizd by them, and friendlily held by them,
till as here them all i chant, libertad! for themselves and for you.

for i too raising my voice join the ranks of this pageant,
i am the chanter, i chant aloud over the pageant,
i chant the world on my western sea,
i chant copious the islands beyond, thick as stars in the sky,
i chant the new empire grander than any before, as in a vision it
    comes to me,
i chant america the mistress, i chant a greater supremacy,
i chant projected a thousand blooming cities yet in time on those
    groups of sea-islands,
my sail-ships and steam-ships threading the archipelagoes,
my stars and stripes fluttering in the wind,
commerce opening, the sleep of ages having done its work, races
    reborn, refreshd,
lives, works resumed--the object i know not--but the old, the asiatic
    renewd as it must be,
commencing from this day surrounded by the world.

     3
and you libertad of the world!
you shall sit in the middle well-poisd thousands and thousands of years,
as to-day from one side the nobles of asia come to you,
as to-morrow from the other side the queen of england sends her
    eldest son to you.

the sign is reversing, the orb is enclosed,
the ring is circled, the journey is done,
the box-lid is but perceptibly opend, nevertheless the perfume
    pours copiously out of the whole box.

young libertad! with the venerable asia, the all-mother,
be considerate with her now and ever hot libertad, for you are all,
bend your proud neck to the long-off mother now sending messages
    over the archipelagoes to you,
bend your proud neck low for once, young libertad.

here the children straying westward so long? so wide the tramping?
were the precedent dim ages debouching westward from paradise so long?
were the centuries steadily footing it that way, all the while
    unknown, for you, for reasons?

they are justified, they are accomplishd, they shall now be turnd
    the other way also, to travel toward you thence,
they shall now also march obediently eastward for your sake libertad.



[book xix.  sea-drift]

}  out of the cradle endlessly rocking

out of the cradle endlessly rocking,
out of the mocking-birds throat, the musical shuttle,
out of the ninth-month midnight,
over the sterile sands and the fields beyond, where the child
    leaving his bed wanderd alone, bareheaded, barefoot,
down from the showerd halo,
up from the mystic play of shadows twining and twisting as if they
    were alive,
out from the patches of briers and blackberries,
from the memories of the bird that chanted to me,
from your memories sad brother, from the fitful risings and fallings i heard,
from under that yellow half-moon late-risen and swollen as if with tears,
from those beginning notes of yearning and love there in the mist,
from the thousand responses of my heart never to cease,
from the myriad thence-arousd words,
from the word stronger and more delicious than any,
from such as now they start the scene revisiting,
as a flock, twittering, rising, or overhead passing,
borne hither, ere all eludes me, hurriedly,
a man, yet by these tears a little boy again,
throwing myself on the sand, confronting the waves,
i, chanter of pains and joys, uniter of here and hereafter,
taking all hints to use them, but swiftly leaping beyond them,
a reminiscence sing.

once paumanok,
when the lilac-scent was in the air and fifth-month grass was growing,
up this seashore in some briers,
two featherd guests from alabama, two together,
and their nest, and four light-green eggs spotted with brown,
and every day the he-bird to and fro near at hand,
and every day the she-bird crouchd on her nest, silent, with bright eyes,
and every day i, a curious boy, never too close, never disturbing
them,
cautiously peering, absorbing, translating.

shine! shine! shine!
pour down your warmth, great sun.
while we bask, we two together.

two together!
winds blow south, or winds blow north,
day come white, or night come black,
home, or rivers and mountains from home,
singing all time, minding no time,
while we two keep together.

till of a sudden,
may-be killd, unknown to her mate,
one forenoon the she-bird crouchd not on the nest,
nor returnd that afternoon, nor the next,
nor ever appeard again.

and thenceforward all summer in the sound of the sea,
and at night under the full of the moon in calmer weather,
over the hoarse surging of the sea,
or flitting from brier to brier by day,
i saw, i heard at intervals the remaining one, the he-bird,
the solitary guest from alabama.

blow! blow! blow!
blow up sea-winds along paumanoks shore;
i wait and i wait till you blow my mate to me.

yes, when the stars glistend,
all night long on the prong of a moss-scallopd stake,
down almost amid the slapping waves,
sat the lone singer wonderful causing tears.

he calld on his mate,
he pourd forth the meanings which i of all men know.

yes my brother i know,
the rest might not, but i have treasurd every note,
for more than once dimly down to the beach gliding,
silent, avoiding the moonbeams, blending myself with the shadows,
recalling now the obscure shapes, the echoes, the sounds and sights
    after their sorts,
the white arms out in the breakers tirelessly tossing,
i, with bare feet, a child, the wind wafting my hair,
listend long and long.

listend to keep, to sing, now translating the notes,
following you my brother.

soothe! soothe! soothe!
close on its wave soothes the wave behind,
and again another behind embracing and lapping, every one close,
but my love soothes not me, not me.

low hangs the moon, it rose late,
it is lagging--o i think it is heavy with love, with love.

o madly the sea pushes upon the land,
with love, with love.

o night! do i not see my love fluttering out among the breakers?
what is that little black thing i see there in the white?

loud! loud! loud!
loud i call to you, my love!
high and clear i shoot my voice over the waves,
surely you must know who is here, is here,
you must know who i am, my love.

low-hanging moon!
what is that dusky spot in your brown yellow?
o it is the shape, the shape of my mate.
o moon do not keep her from me any longer.

land! land! o land!
whichever way i turn, o i think you could give me my mate back again
    if you only would,
for i am almost sure i see her dimly whichever way i look.

o rising stars!
perhaps the one i want so much will rise, will rise with some of you.

o throat! o trembling throat!
sound clearer through the atmosphere!
pierce the woods, the earth,
somewhere listening to catch you must be the one i want.

shake out carols!
solitary here, the nights carols!
carols of lonesome love! deaths carols!
carols under that lagging, yellow, waning moon!
o under that moon where she droops almost down into the sea!
o reckless despairing carols.

but soft! sink low!
soft! let me just murmur,
and do you wait a moment you husky-noisd sea,
for somewhere i believe i heard my mate responding to me,
so faint, i must be still, be still to listen,
but not altogether still, for then she might not come immediately to me.

hither my love!
here i am! here!
with this just-sustaind note i announce myself to you,
this gentle call is for you my love, for you.

do not be decoyd elsewhere,
that is the whistle of the wind, it is not my voice,
that is the fluttering, the fluttering of the spray,
those are the shadows of leaves.

o darkness! o in vain!
o i am very sick and sorrowful

o brown halo in the sky near the moon, drooping upon the sea!
o troubled reflection in the sea!
o throat! o throbbing heart!
and i singing uselessly, uselessly all the night.

o past! o happy life! o songs of joy!
in the air, in the woods, over fields,
loved! loved! loved! loved! loved!
but my mate no more, no more with me!
we two together no more.

the aria sinking,
all else continuing, the stars shining,
the winds blowing, the notes of the bird continuous echoing,
with angry moans the fierce old mother incessantly moaning,
on the sands of paumanoks shore gray and rustling,
the yellow half-moon enlarged, sagging down, drooping, the face of
    the sea almost touching,
the boy ecstatic, with his bare feet the waves, with his hair the
    atmosphere dallying,
the love in the heart long pent, now loose, now at last tumultuously
    bursting,
the arias meaning, the ears, the soul, swiftly depositing,
the strange tears down the cheeks coursing,
the colloquy there, the trio, each uttering,
the undertone, the savage old mother incessantly crying,
to the boys souls questions sullenly timing, some drownd secret hissing,
to the outsetting bard.

demon or bird! (said the boys soul,)
is it indeed toward your mate you sing? or is it really to me?
for i, that was a child, my tongues use sleeping, now i have heard you,
now in a moment i know what i am for, i awake,
and already a thousand singers, a thousand songs, clearer, louder
    and more sorrowful than yours,
a thousand warbling echoes have started to life within me, never to die.

o you singer solitary, singing by yourself, projecting me,
o solitary me listening, never more shall i cease perpetuating you,
never more shall i escape, never more the reverberations,
never more the cries of unsatisfied love be absent from me,
never again leave me to be the peaceful child i was before what
    there in the night,
by the sea under the yellow and sagging moon,
the messenger there arousd, the fire, the sweet hell within,
the unknown want, the destiny of me.

o give me the clue! (it lurks in the night here somewhere,)
o if i am to have so much, let me have more!

a word then, (for i will conquer it,)
the word final, superior to all,
subtle, sent up--what is it?--i listen;
are you whispering it, and have been all the time, you sea-waves?
is that it from your liquid rims and wet sands?

whereto answering, the sea,
delaying not, hurrying not,
whisperd me through the night, and very plainly before daybreak,
lispd to me the low and delicious word death,
and again death, death, death, death
hissing melodious, neither like the bird nor like my arousd childs heart,
but edging near as privately for me rustling at my feet,
creeping thence steadily up to my ears and laving me softly all over,
death, death, death, death, death.

which i do not forget.
but fuse the song of my dusky demon and brother,
that he sang to me in the moonlight on paumanoks gray beach,
with the thousand responsive songs at random,
my own songs awaked from that hour,
and with them the key, the word up from the waves,
the word of the sweetest song and all songs,
that strong and delicious word which, creeping to my feet,
(or like some old crone rocking the cradle, swathed in sweet
    garments, bending aside,)
the sea whisperd me.



}  as i ebbd with the ocean of life

     1
as i ebbd with the ocean of life,
as i wended the shores i know,
as i walkd where the ripples continually wash you paumanok,
where they rustle up hoarse and sibilant,
where the fierce old mother endlessly cries for her castaways,
i musing late in the autumn day, gazing off southward,
held by this electric self out of the pride of which i utter poems,
was seizd by the spirit that trails in the lines underfoot,
the rim, the sediment that stands for all the water and all the land
    of the globe.

fascinated, my eyes reverting from the south, dropt, to follow those
    slender windrows,
chaff, straw, splinters of wood, weeds, and the sea-gluten,
scum, scales from shining rocks, leaves of salt-lettuce, left by the tide,
miles walking, the sound of breaking waves the other side of me,
paumanok there and then as i thought the old thought of likenesses,
these you presented to me you fish-shaped island,
as i wended the shores i know,
as i walkd with that electric self seeking types.

     2
as i wend to the shores i know not,
as i list to the dirge, the voices of men and women wreckd,
as i inhale the impalpable breezes that set in upon me,
as the ocean so mysterious rolls toward me closer and closer,
i too but signify at the utmost a little washd-up drift,
a few sands and dead leaves to gather,
gather, and merge myself as part of the sands and drift.

o baffled, balkd, bent to the very earth,
oppressd with myself that i have dared to open my mouth,
aware now that amid all that blab whose echoes recoil upon me i have
    not once had the least idea who or what i am,
but that before all my arrogant poems the real me stands yet
    untouchd, untold, altogether unreachd,
withdrawn far, mocking me with mock-congratulatory signs and bows,
with peals of distant ironical laughter at every word i have written,
pointing in silence to these songs, and then to the sand beneath.

i perceive i have not really understood any thing, not a single
    object, and that no man ever can,
nature here in sight of the sea taking advantage of me to dart upon
    me and sting me,
because i have dared to open my mouth to sing at all.

     3
you oceans both, i close with you,
we murmur alike reproachfully rolling sands and drift, knowing not why,
these little shreds indeed standing for you and me and all.

you friable shore with trails of debris,
you fish-shaped island, i take what is underfoot,
what is yours is mine my father.

i too paumanok,
i too have bubbled up, floated the measureless float, and been
    washd on your shores,
i too am but a trail of drift and debris,
i too leave little wrecks upon you, you fish-shaped island.

i throw myself upon your breast my father,
i cling to you so that you cannot unloose me,
i hold you so firm till you answer me something.

kiss me my father,
touch me with your lips as i touch those i love,
breathe to me while i hold you close the secret of the murmuring i envy.

     4
ebb, ocean of life, (the flow will return,)
cease not your moaning you fierce old mother,
endlessly cry for your castaways, but fear not, deny not me,
rustle not up so hoarse and angry against my feet as i touch you or
    gather from you.

i mean tenderly by you and all,
i gather for myself and for this phantom looking down where we lead,
    and following me and mine.

me and mine, loose windrows, little corpses,
froth, snowy white, and bubbles,
(see, from my dead lips the ooze exuding at last,
see, the prismatic colors glistening and rolling,)
tufts of straw, sands, fragments,
buoyd hither from many moods, one contradicting another,
from the storm, the long calm, the darkness, the swell,
musing, pondering, a breath, a briny tear, a dab of liquid or soil,
up just as much out of fathomless workings fermented and thrown,
a limp blossom or two, torn, just as much over waves floating,
    drifted at random,
just as much for us that sobbing dirge of nature,
just as much whence we come that blare of the cloud-trumpets,
we, capricious, brought hither we know not whence, spread out before you,
you up there walking or sitting,
whoever you are, we too lie in drifts at your feet.



}  tears

tears! tears! tears!
in the night, in solitude, tears,
on the white shore dripping, dripping, suckd in by the sand,
tears, not a star shining, all dark and desolate,
moist tears from the eyes of a muffled head;
o who is that ghost? that form in the dark, with tears?
what shapeless lump is that, bent, crouchd there on the sand?
streaming tears, sobbing tears, throes, choked with wild cries;
o storm, embodied, rising, careering with swift steps along the beach!
o wild and dismal night storm, with wind--o belching and desperate!
o shade so sedate and decorous by day, with calm countenance and
    regulated pace,
but away at night as you fly, none looking--o then the unloosend ocean,
of tears! tears! tears!



}  to the man-of-war-bird

thou who hast slept all night upon the storm,
waking renewd on thy prodigious pinions,
(burst the wild storm? above it thou ascendedst,
and rested on the sky, thy slave that cradled thee,)
now a blue point, far, far in heaven floating,
as to the light emerging here on deck i watch thee,
(myself a speck, a point on the worlds floating vast.)

far, far at sea,
after the nights fierce drifts have strewn the shore with wrecks,
with re-appearing day as now so happy and serene,
the rosy and elastic dawn, the flashing sun,
the limpid spread of air cerulean,
thou also re-appearest.

thou born to match the gale, (thou art all wings,)
to cope with heaven and earth and sea and hurricane,
thou ship of air that never furlst thy sails,
days, even weeks untired and onward, through spaces, realms gyrating,
at dusk that lookist on senegal, at morn america,
that sportst amid the lightning-flash and thunder-cloud,
in them, in thy experiences, hadst thou my soul,
what joys! what joys were thine!



}  aboard at a ships helm

aboard at a ships helm,
a young steersman steering with care.

through fog on a sea-coast dolefully ringing,
an ocean-bell--o a warning bell, rockd by the waves.

o you give good notice indeed, you bell by the sea-reefs ringing,
ringing, ringing, to warn the ship from its wreck-place.

for as on the alert o steersman, you mind the loud admonition,
the bows turn, the freighted ship tacking speeds away under her gray sails,
the beautiful and noble ship with all her precious wealth speeds
    away gayly and safe.

but o the ship, the immortal ship! o ship aboard the ship!
ship of the body, ship of the soul, voyaging, voyaging, voyaging.



}  on the beach at night

on the beach at night,
stands a child with her father,
watching the east, the autumn sky.

up through the darkness,
while ravening clouds, the burial clouds, in black masses spreading,
lower sullen and fast athwart and down the sky,
amid a transparent clear belt of ether yet left in the east,
ascends large and calm the lord-star jupiter,
and nigh at hand, only a very little above,
swim the delicate sisters the pleiades.

from the beach the child holding the hand of her father,
those burial-clouds that lower victorious soon to devour all,
watching, silently weeps.

weep not, child,
weep not, my darling,
with these kisses let me remove your tears,
the ravening clouds shall not long be victorious,
they shall not long possess the sky, they devour the stars only in
    apparition,
jupiter shall emerge, be patient, watch again another night, the
    pleiades shall emerge,
they are immortal, all those stars both silvery and golden shall
    shine out again,
the great stars and the little ones shall shine out again, they endure,
the vast immortal suns and the long-enduring pensive moons shall
    again shine.

then dearest child mournest thou only for jupiter?
considerest thou alone the burial of the stars?

something there is,
(with my lips soothing thee, adding i whisper,
i give thee the first suggestion, the problem and indirection,)
something there is more immortal even than the stars,
(many the burials, many the days and nights, passing away,)
something that shall endure longer even than lustrous jupiter
longer than sun or any revolving satellite,
or the radiant sisters the pleiades.



}  the world below the brine

the world below the brine,
forests at the bottom of the sea, the branches and leaves,
sea-lettuce, vast lichens, strange flowers and seeds, the thick
    tangle openings, and pink turf,
different colors, pale gray and green, purple, white, and gold, the
    play of light through the water,
dumb swimmers there among the rocks, coral, gluten, grass, rushes,
    and the aliment of the swimmers,
sluggish existences grazing there suspended, or slowly crawling
    close to the bottom,
the sperm-whale at the surface blowing air and spray, or disporting
    with his flukes,
the leaden-eyed shark, the walrus, the turtle, the hairy
    sea-leopard, and the sting-ray,
passions there, wars, pursuits, tribes, sight in those ocean-depths,
    breathing that thick-breathing air, as so many do,
the change thence to the sight here, and to the subtle air breathed
    by beings like us who walk this sphere,
the change onward from ours to that of beings who walk other spheres.



}  on the beach at night alone

on the beach at night alone,
as the old mother sways her to and fro singing her husky song,
as i watch the bright stars shining, i think a thought of the clef
    of the universes and of the future.

a vast similitude interlocks all,
all spheres, grown, ungrown, small, large, suns, moons, planets,
all distances of place however wide,
all distances of time, all inanimate forms,
all souls, all living bodies though they be ever so different, or in
    different worlds,
all gaseous, watery, vegetable, mineral processes, the fishes, the brutes,
all nations, colors, barbarisms, civilizations, languages,
all identities that have existed or may exist on this globe, or any globe,
all lives and deaths, all of the past, present, future,
this vast similitude spans them, and always has spannd,
and shall forever span them and compactly hold and enclose them.



}  song for all seas, all ships

     1
to-day a rude brief recitative,
of ships sailing the seas, each with its special flag or ship-signal,
of unnamed heroes in the ships--of waves spreading and spreading
    far as the eye can reach,
of dashing spray, and the winds piping and blowing,
and out of these a chant for the sailors of all nations,
fitful, like a surge.

of sea-captains young or old, and the mates, and of all intrepid sailors,
of the few, very choice, taciturn, whom fate can never surprise nor
    death dismay.
pickd sparingly without noise by thee old ocean, chosen by thee,
thou sea that pickest and cullest the race in time, and unitest nations,
suckled by thee, old husky nurse, embodying thee,
indomitable, untamed as thee.

(ever the heroes on water or on land, by ones or twos appearing,
ever the stock preservd and never lost, though rare, enough for
    seed preservd.)

     2
flaunt out o sea your separate flags of nations!
flaunt out visible as ever the various ship-signals!
but do you reserve especially for yourself and for the soul of man
    one flag above all the rest,
a spiritual woven signal for all nations, emblem of man elate above death,
token of all brave captains and all intrepid sailors and mates,
and all that went down doing their duty,
reminiscent of them, twined from all intrepid captains young or old,
a pennant universal, subtly waving all time, oer all brave sailors,
all seas, all ships.



}  patroling barnegat

wild, wild the storm, and the sea high running,
steady the roar of the gale, with incessant undertone muttering,
shouts of demoniac laughter fitfully piercing and pealing,
waves, air, midnight, their savagest trinity lashing,
out in the shadows there milk-white combs careering,
on beachy slush and sand spirts of snow fierce slanting,
where through the murk the easterly death-wind breasting,
through cutting swirl and spray watchful and firm advancing,
(that in the distance! is that a wreck? is the red signal flaring?)
slush and sand of the beach tireless till daylight wending,
steadily, slowly, through hoarse roar never remitting,
along the midnight edge by those milk-white combs careering,
a group of dim, weird forms, struggling, the night confronting,
that savage trinity warily watching.



}  after the sea-ship

after the sea-ship, after the whistling winds,
after the white-gray sails taut to their spars and ropes,
below, a myriad myriad waves hastening, lifting up their necks,
tending in ceaseless flow toward the track of the ship,
waves of the ocean bubbling and gurgling, blithely prying,
waves, undulating waves, liquid, uneven, emulous waves,
toward that whirling current, laughing and buoyant, with curves,
where the great vessel sailing and tacking displaced the surface,
larger and smaller waves in the spread of the ocean yearnfully flowing,
the wake of the sea-ship after she passes, flashing and frolicsome
    under the sun,
a motley procession with many a fleck of foam and many fragments,
following the stately and rapid ship, in the wake following.



[book xx.  by the roadside]

}  a boston ballad [1854]

to get betimes in boston town i rose this morning early,
heres a good place at the corner, i must stand and see the show.

clear the way there jonathan!
way for the presidents marshal--way for the government cannon!
way for the federal foot and dragoons, (and the apparitions
    copiously tumbling.)

i love to look on the stars and stripes, i hope the fifes will play
    yankee doodle.
how bright shine the cutlasses of the foremost troops!
every man holds his revolver, marching stiff through boston town.

a fog follows, antiques of the same come limping,
some appear wooden-legged, and some appear bandaged and bloodless.

why this is indeed a show--it has called the dead out of the earth!
the old graveyards of the hills have hurried to see!
phantoms! phantoms countless by flank and rear!
cockd hats of mothy mould--crutches made of mist!
arms in slings--old men leaning on young mens shoulders.

what troubles you yankee phantoms? what is all this chattering of
    bare gums?
does the ague convulse your limbs? do you mistake your crutches for
    firelocks and level them?

if you blind your eyes with tears you will not see the presidents marshal,
if you groan such groans you might balk the government cannon.

for shame old maniacs--bring down those tossd arms, and let your
    white hair be,
here gape your great grandsons, their wives gaze at them from the windows,
see how well dressd, see how orderly they conduct themselves.

worse and worse--cant you stand it? are you retreating?
is this hour with the living too dead for you?

retreat then--pell-mell!
to your graves--back--back to the hills old limpers!
i do not think you belong here anyhow.

but there is one thing that belongs here--shall i tell you what it
    is, gentlemen of boston?

i will whisper it to the mayor, he shall send a committee to england,
they shall get a grant from the parliament, go with a cart to the
    royal vault,
dig out king georges coffin, unwrap him quick from the
    graveclothes, box up his bones for a journey,
find a swift yankee clipper--here is freight for you, black-bellied clipper,
up with your anchor--shake out your sails--steer straight toward
    boston bay.

now call for the presidents marshal again, bring out the government cannon,
fetch home the roarers from congress, make another procession,
    guard it with foot and dragoons.

this centre-piece for them;
look, all orderly citizens--look from the windows, women!

the committee open the box, set up the regal ribs, glue those that
    will not stay,
clap the skull on top of the ribs, and clap a crown on top of the skull.
you have got your revenge, old buster--the crown is come to its own,
    and more than its own.

stick your hands in your pockets, jonathan--you are a made man from
    this day,
you are mighty cute--and here is one of your bargains.



}  europe [the 72d and 73d years of these states]

suddenly out of its stale and drowsy lair, the lair of slaves,
like lightning it lept forth half startled at itself,
its feet upon the ashes and the rags, its hands tight to the throats
    of kings.

o hope and faith!
o aching close of exiled patriots lives!
o many a sickend heart!
turn back unto this day and make yourselves afresh.

and you, paid to defile the people--you liars, mark!
not for numberless agonies, murders, lusts,
for court thieving in its manifold mean forms, worming from his
    simplicity the poor mans wages,
for many a promise sworn by royal lips and broken and laughd at in
    the breaking,

then in their power not for all these did the blows strike revenge,
    or the heads of the nobles fall;
the people scornd the ferocity of kings.

but the sweetness of mercy brewd bitter destruction, and the
    frightend monarchs come back,
each comes in state with his train, hangman, priest, tax-gatherer,
soldier, lawyer, lord, jailer, and sycophant.

yet behind all lowering stealing, lo, a shape,
vague as the night, draped interminably, head, front and form, in
    scarlet folds,
whose face and eyes none may see,
out of its robes only this, the red robes lifted by the arm,
one finger crookd pointed high over the top, like the head of a
    snake appears.

meanwhile corpses lie in new-made graves, bloody corpses of young men,
the rope of the gibbet hangs heavily, the bullets of princes are
    flying, the creatures of power laugh aloud,
and all these things bear fruits, and they are good.

those corpses of young men,
those martyrs that hang from the gibbets, those hearts piercd by
    the gray lead,
cold and motionless as they seem live elsewhere with unslaughterd vitality.

they live in other young men o kings!
they live in brothers again ready to defy you,
they were purified by death, they were taught and exalted.

not a grave of the murderd for freedom but grows seed for freedom,
    in its turn to bear seed,
which the winds carry afar and re-sow, and the rains and the snows nourish.

not a disembodied spirit can the weapons of tyrants let loose,
but it stalks invisibly over the earth, whispering, counseling, cautioning.
liberty, let others despair of you--i never despair of you.

is the house shut? is the master away?
nevertheless, be ready, be not weary of watching,
he will soon return, his messengers come anon.



}  a hand-mirror

hold it up sternly--see this it sends back, (who is it? is it you?)
outside fair costume, within ashes and filth,
no more a flashing eye, no more a sonorous voice or springy step,
now some slaves eye, voice, hands, step,
a drunkards breath, unwholesome eaters face, venerealees flesh,
lungs rotting away piecemeal, stomach sour and cankerous,
joints rheumatic, bowels clogged with abomination,
blood circulating dark and poisonous streams,
words babble, hearing and touch callous,
no brain, no heart left, no magnetism of sex;
such from one look in this looking-glass ere you go hence,
such a result so soon--and from such a beginning!



}  gods

lover divine and perfect comrade,
waiting content, invisible yet, but certain,
be thou my god.

thou, thou, the ideal man,
fair, able, beautiful, content, and loving,
complete in body and dilate in spirit,
be thou my god.

o death, (for life has served its turn,)
opener and usher to the heavenly mansion,
be thou my god.

aught, aught of mightiest, best i see, conceive, or know,
(to break the stagnant tie--thee, thee to free, o soul,)
be thou my god.

all great ideas, the races aspirations,
all heroisms, deeds of rapt enthusiasts,
be ye my gods.

or time and space,
or shape of earth divine and wondrous,
or some fair shape i viewing, worship,
or lustrous orb of sun or star by night,
be ye my gods.



}  germs

forms, qualities, lives, humanity, language, thoughts,
the ones known, and the ones unknown, the ones on the stars,
the stars themselves, some shaped, others unshaped,
wonders as of those countries, the soil, trees, cities, inhabitants,
    whatever they may be,
splendid suns, the moons and rings, the countless combinations and effects,
such-like, and as good as such-like, visible here or anywhere, stand
    provided for a handful of space, which i extend my arm and
    half enclose with my hand,
that containing the start of each and all, the virtue, the germs of all.



}  thoughts

of ownership--as if one fit to own things could not at pleasure enter
    upon all, and incorporate them into himself or herself;
of vista--suppose some sight in arriere through the formative chaos,
    presuming the growth, fulness, life, now attaind on the journey,
(but i see the road continued, and the journey ever continued;)
of what was once lacking on earth, and in due time has become
    supplied--and of what will yet be supplied,
because all i see and know i believe to have its main purport in
    what will yet be supplied.
    

}  when i heard the learnd astronomer

when i heard the learnd astronomer,
when the proofs, the figures, were ranged in columns before me,
when i was shown the charts and diagrams, to add, divide, and measure them,
when i sitting heard the astronomer where he lectured with much
    applause in the lecture-room,
how soon unaccountable i became tired and sick,
till rising and gliding out i wanderd off by myself,
in the mystical moist night-air, and from time to time,
lookd up in perfect silence at the stars.



}  perfections

only themselves understand themselves and the like of themselves,
as souls only understand souls.



}  o me! o life!

o me! o life! of the questions of these recurring,
of the endless trains of the faithless, of cities filld with the foolish,
of myself forever reproaching myself, (for who more foolish than i,
    and who more faithless?)
of eyes that vainly crave the light, of the objects mean, of the
    struggle ever renewd,
of the poor results of all, of the plodding and sordid crowds i see
    around me,
of the empty and useless years of the rest, with the rest me intertwined,
the question, o me! so sad, recurring--what good amid these, o me, o life?

     answer.
that you are here--that life exists and identity,
that the powerful play goes on, and you may contribute a verse.



}  to a president

all you are doing and saying is to america dangled mirages,
you have not learnd of nature--of the politics of nature you have
    not learnd the great amplitude, rectitude, impartiality,
you have not seen that only such as they are for these states,
and that what is less than they must sooner or later lift off from
    these states.



}  i sit and look out

i sit and look out upon all the sorrows of the world, and upon all
    oppression and shame,
i hear secret convulsive sobs from young men at anguish with
    themselves, remorseful after deeds done,
i see in low life the mother misused by her children, dying,
    neglected, gaunt, desperate,
i see the wife misused by her husband, i see the treacherous seducer
    of young women,
i mark the ranklings of jealousy and unrequited love attempted to be
    hid, i see these sights on the earth,
i see the workings of battle, pestilence, tyranny, i see martyrs and
    prisoners,
i observe a famine at sea, i observe the sailors casting lots who
    shall be killd to preserve the lives of the rest,
i observe the slights and degradations cast by arrogant persons upon
    laborers, the poor, and upon negroes, and the like;
all these--all the meanness and agony without end i sitting look out upon,
see, hear, and am silent.



}  to rich givers

what you give me i cheerfully accept,
a little sustenance, a hut and garden, a little money, as i
    rendezvous with my poems,
a travelers lodging and breakfast as journey through the states,--
    why should i be ashamed to own such gifts? why to advertise for them?
for i myself am not one who bestows nothing upon man and woman,
for i bestow upon any man or woman the entrance to all the gifts of
    the universe.



}  the dalliance of the eagles

skirting the river road, (my forenoon walk, my rest,)
skyward in air a sudden muffled sound, the dalliance of the eagles,
the rushing amorous contact high in space together,
the clinching interlocking claws, a living, fierce, gyrating wheel,
four beating wings, two beaks, a swirling mass tight grappling,
in tumbling turning clustering loops, straight downward falling,
till oer the river poisd, the twain yet one, a moments lull,
a motionless still balance in the air, then parting, talons loosing,
upward again on slow-firm pinions slanting, their separate diverse flight,
she hers, he his, pursuing.



}  roaming in thought [after reading hegel]

roaming in thought over the universe, i saw the little that is good
    steadily hastening towards immortality,
and the vast all that is calld evil i saw hastening to merge itself
    and become lost and dead.



}  a farm picture

through the ample open door of the peaceful country barn,
a sunlit pasture field with cattle and horses feeding,
and haze and vista, and the far horizon fading away.



}  a childs amaze

silent and amazed even when a little boy,
i remember i heard the preacher every sunday put god in his statements,
as contending against some being or influence.



}  the runner

on a flat road runs the well-traind runner,
he is lean and sinewy with muscular legs,
he is thinly clothed, he leans forward as he runs,
with lightly closed fists and arms partially raisd.



}  beautiful women

women sit or move to and fro, some old, some young,
the young are beautiful--but the old are more beautiful than the young.



}  mother and babe

i see the sleeping babe nestling the breast of its mother,
the sleeping mother and babe--hushd, i study them long and long.



}  thought

of obedience, faith, adhesiveness;
as i stand aloof and look there is to me something profoundly
    affecting in large masses of men following the lead of those who
    do not believe in men.



}  visord

a mask, a perpetual natural disguiser of herself,
concealing her face, concealing her form,
changes and transformations every hour, every moment,
falling upon her even when she sleeps.



}  thought

of justice--as if could be any thing but the same ample law,
    expounded by natural judges and saviors,
as if it might be this thing or that thing, according to decisions.



}  gliding oer all

gliding oer all, through all,
through nature, time, and space,
as a ship on the waters advancing,
the voyage of the soul--not life alone,
death, many deaths ill sing.



}  hast never come to thee an hour

hast never come to thee an hour,
a sudden gleam divine, precipitating, bursting all these bubbles,
    fashions, wealth?
these eager business aims--books, politics, art, amours,
to utter nothingness?



}  thought

of equality--as if it harmd me, giving others the same chances and
    rights as myself--as if it were not indispensable to my own
    rights that others possess the same.



}  to old age

i see in you the estuary that enlarges and spreads itself grandly as
    it pours in the great sea.



}  locations and times

locations and times--what is it in me that meets them all, whenever
    and wherever, and makes me at home?
forms, colors, densities, odors--what is it in me that corresponds
    with them?



}  offerings

a thousand perfect men and women appear,
around each gathers a cluster of friends, and gay children and
    youths, with offerings.



}  to the states [to identify the 16th, 17th, or 18th presidentiad]

why reclining, interrogating? why myself and all drowsing?
what deepening twilight-scum floating atop of the waters,
who are they as bats and night-dogs askant in the capitol?
what a filthy presidentiad! (o south, your torrid suns! o north,
    your arctic freezings!)
are those really congressmen? are those the great judges? is that
    the president?
then i will sleep awhile yet, for i see that these states sleep, for
    reasons;
(with gathering murk, with muttering thunder and lambent shoots we
    all duly awake,
south, north, east, west, inland and seaboard, we will surely awake.)



[book xxi.  drum-taps]

}  first o songs for a prelude

first o songs for a prelude,
lightly strike on the stretchd tympanum pride and joy in my city,
how she led the rest to arms, how she gave the cue,
how at once with lithe limbs unwaiting a moment she sprang,
(o superb! o manhattan, my own, my peerless!
o strongest you in the hour of danger, in crisis! o truer than steel!)
how you sprang--how you threw off the costumes of peace with
    indifferent hand,
how your soft opera-music changed, and the drum and fife were heard
    in their stead,
how you led to the war, (that shall serve for our prelude, songs of
    soldiers,)
how manhattan drum-taps led.

forty years had i in my city seen soldiers parading,
forty years as a pageant, till unawares the lady of this teeming and
    turbulent city,
sleepless amid her ships, her houses, her incalculable wealth,
with her million children around her, suddenly,
at dead of night, at news from the south,
incensd struck with clinchd hand the pavement.

a shock electric, the night sustaind it,
till with ominous hum our hive at daybreak pourd out its myriads.

from the houses then and the workshops, and through all the doorways,
leapt they tumultuous, and lo! manhattan arming.

to the drum-taps prompt,
the young men falling in and arming,
the mechanics arming, (the trowel, the jack-plane, the blacksmiths
    hammer, tost aside with precipitation,)
the lawyer leaving his office and arming, the judge leaving the court,
the driver deserting his wagon in the street, jumping down, throwing
    the reins abruptly down on the horses backs,
the salesman leaving the store, the boss, book-keeper, porter, all leaving;
squads gather everywhere by common consent and arm,
the new recruits, even boys, the old men show them how to wear their
    accoutrements, they buckle the straps carefully,
outdoors arming, indoors arming, the flash of the musket-barrels,
the white tents cluster in camps, the armd sentries around, the
    sunrise cannon and again at sunset,
armd regiments arrive every day, pass through the city, and embark
    from the wharves,
(how good they look as they tramp down to the river, sweaty, with
    their guns on their shoulders!
how i love them! how i could hug them, with their brown faces and
    their clothes and knapsacks coverd with dust!)
the blood of the city up-armd! armd! the cry everywhere,
the flags flung out from the steeples of churches and from all the
    public buildings and stores,
the tearful parting, the mother kisses her son, the son kisses his mother,
(loth is the mother to part, yet not a word does she speak to detain him,)
the tumultuous escort, the ranks of policemen preceding, clearing the way,
the unpent enthusiasm, the wild cheers of the crowd for their favorites,
the artillery, the silent cannons bright as gold, drawn along,
    rumble lightly over the stones,
(silent cannons, soon to cease your silence,
soon unlimberd to begin the red business;)
all the mutter of preparation, all the determind arming,
the hospital service, the lint, bandages and medicines,
the women volunteering for nurses, the work begun for in earnest, no
    mere parade now;
war! an armd race is advancing! the welcome for battle, no turning away!
war! be it weeks, months, or years, an armd race is advancing to
    welcome it.

mannahatta a-march--and its o to sing it well!
its o for a manly life in the camp.

and the sturdy artillery,
the guns bright as gold, the work for giants, to serve well the guns,
unlimber them! (no more as the past forty years for salutes for
    courtesies merely,
put in something now besides powder and wadding.)

and you lady of ships, you mannahatta,
old matron of this proud, friendly, turbulent city,
often in peace and wealth you were pensive or covertly frownd amid
    all your children,
but now you smile with joy exulting old mannahatta.



}  eighteen sixty-one

armd year--year of the struggle,
no dainty rhymes or sentimental love verses for you terrible year,
not you as some pale poetling seated at a desk lisping cadenzas piano,
but as a strong man erect, clothed in blue clothes, advancing,
    carrying rifle on your shoulder,
with well-gristled body and sunburnt face and hands, with a knife in
    the belt at your side,
as i heard you shouting loud, your sonorous voice ringing across the
    continent,
your masculine voice o year, as rising amid the great cities,
amid the men of manhattan i saw you as one of the workmen, the
    dwellers in manhattan,
or with large steps crossing the prairies out of illinois and indiana,
rapidly crossing the west with springy gait and descending the allghanies,
or down from the great lakes or in pennsylvania, or on deck along
    the ohio river,
or southward along the tennessee or cumberland rivers, or at
    chattanooga on the mountain top,
saw i your gait and saw i your sinewy limbs clothed in blue, bearing
    weapons, robust year,
heard your determind voice launchd forth again and again,
year that suddenly sang by the mouths of the round-lippd cannon,
i repeat you, hurrying, crashing, sad, distracted year.



}  beat! beat! drums!

beat! beat! drums!--blow! bugles! blow!
through the windows--through doors--burst like a ruthless force,
into the solemn church, and scatter the congregation,
into the school where the scholar is studying;
leave not the bridegroom quiet--no happiness must he have now with
    his bride,
nor the peaceful farmer any peace, ploughing his field or gathering
    his grain,
so fierce you whirr and pound you drums--so shrill you bugles blow.

beat! beat! drums!--blow! bugles! blow!
over the traffic of cities--over the rumble of wheels in the streets;
are beds prepared for sleepers at night in the houses? no sleepers
    must sleep in those beds,
no bargainers bargains by day--no brokers or speculators--would
    they continue?
would the talkers be talking? would the singer attempt to sing?
would the lawyer rise in the court to state his case before the judge?
then rattle quicker, heavier drums--you bugles wilder blow.

beat! beat! drums!--blow! bugles! blow!
make no parley--stop for no expostulation,
mind not the timid--mind not the weeper or prayer,
mind not the old man beseeching the young man,
let not the childs voice be heard, nor the mothers entreaties,
make even the trestles to shake the dead where they lie awaiting the
    hearses,
so strong you thump o terrible drums--so loud you bugles blow.



}  from paumanok starting i fly like a bird

from paumanok starting i fly like a bird,
around and around to soar to sing the idea of all,
to the north betaking myself to sing there arctic songs,
to kanada till i absorb kanada in myself, to michigan then,
to wisconsin, iowa, minnesota, to sing their songs, (they are inimitable;)
then to ohio and indiana to sing theirs, to missouri and kansas and
    arkansas to sing theirs,
to tennessee and kentucky, to the carolinas and georgia to sing theirs,
to texas and so along up toward california, to roam accepted everywhere;
to sing first, (to the tap of the war-drum if need be,)
the idea of all, of the western world one and inseparable,
and then the song of each member of these states.



}  song of the banner at daybreak

     poet:
o a new song, a free song,
flapping, flapping, flapping, flapping, by sounds, by voices clearer,
by the winds voice and that of the drum,
by the banners voice and childs voice and seas voice and fathers voice,
low on the ground and high in the air,
on the ground where father and child stand,
in the upward air where their eyes turn,
where the banner at daybreak is flapping.

words! book-words! what are you?
words no more, for hearken and see,
my song is there in the open air, and i must sing,
with the banner and pennant a-flapping.

ill weave the chord and twine in,
mans desire and babes desire, ill twine them in, ill put in life,
ill put the bayonets flashing point, ill let bullets and slugs whizz,
(as one carrying a symbol and menace far into the future,
crying with trumpet voice, arouse and beware! beware and arouse!)
ill pour the verse with streams of blood, full of volition, full of joy,
then loosen, launch forth, to go and compete,
with the banner and pennant a-flapping.

     pennant:
come up here, bard, bard,
come up here, soul, soul,
come up here, dear little child,
to fly in the clouds and winds with me, and play with the measureless light.

     child:
father what is that in the sky beckoning to me with long finger?
and what does it say to me all the while?

     father:
nothing my babe you see in the sky,
and nothing at all to you it says--but look you my babe,
look at these dazzling things in the houses, and see you the money-
    shops opening,
and see you the vehicles preparing to crawl along the streets with goods;
these, ah these, how valued and toild for these!
how envied by all the earth.

     poet:
fresh and rosy red the sun is mounting high,
on floats the sea in distant blue careering through its channels,
on floats the wind over the breast of the sea setting in toward land,
the great steady wind from west or west-by-south,
floating so buoyant with milk-white foam on the waters.

but i am not the sea nor the red sun,
i am not the wind with girlish laughter,
not the immense wind which strengthens, not the wind which lashes,
not the spirit that ever lashes its own body to terror and death,
but i am that which unseen comes and sings, sings, sings,
which babbles in brooks and scoots in showers on the land,
which the birds know in the woods mornings and evenings,
and the shore-sands know and the hissing wave, and that banner and pennant,
aloft there flapping and flapping.

     child:
o father it is alive--it is full of people--it has children,
o now it seems to me it is talking to its children,
i hear it--it talks to me--o it is wonderful!
o it stretches--it spreads and runs so fast--o my father,
it is so broad it covers the whole sky.

     father:
cease, cease, my foolish babe,
what you are saying is sorrowful to me, much t displeases me;
behold with the rest again i say, behold not banners and pennants aloft,
but the well-prepared pavements behold, and mark the solid-walld houses.

     banner and pennant:
speak to the child o bard out of manhattan,
to our children all, or north or south of manhattan,
point this day, leaving all the rest, to us over all--and yet we know
    not why,
for what are we, mere strips of cloth profiting nothing,
only flapping in the wind?


    poet:
i hear and see not strips of cloth alone,
i hear the tramp of armies, i hear the challenging sentry,
i hear the jubilant shouts of millions of men, i hear liberty!
i hear the drums beat and the trumpets blowing,
i myself move abroad swift-rising flying then,
i use the wings of the land-bird and use the wings of the sea-bird,
    and look down as from a height,
i do not deny the precious results of peace, i see populous cities
    with wealth incalculable,
i see numberless farms, i see the farmers working in their fields or barns,
i see mechanics working, i see buildings everywhere founded, going
    up, or finishd,
i see trains of cars swiftly speeding along railroad tracks drawn by
    the locomotives,
i see the stores, depots, of boston, baltimore, charleston, new orleans,
i see far in the west the immense area of grain, i dwell awhile hovering,
i pass to the lumber forests of the north, and again to the southern
    plantation, and again to california;
sweeping the whole i see the countless profit, the busy gatherings,
    earnd wages,
see the identity formed out of thirty-eight spacious and haughty
    states, (and many more to come,)
see forts on the shores of harbors, see ships sailing in and out;
then over all, (aye! aye!) my little and lengthend pennant shaped
    like a sword,
runs swiftly up indicating war and defiance--and now the halyards
    have raisd it,
side of my banner broad and blue, side of my starry banner,
discarding peace over all the sea and land.

     banner and pennant:
yet louder, higher, stronger, bard! yet farther, wider cleave!
no longer let our children deem us riches and peace alone,
we may be terror and carnage, and are so now,
not now are we any one of these spacious and haughty states, (nor
    any five, nor ten,)
nor market nor depot we, nor money-bank in the city,
but these and all, and the brown and spreading land, and the mines
    below, are ours,
and the shores of the sea are ours, and the rivers great and small,
and the fields they moisten, and the crops and the fruits are ours,
bays and channels and ships sailing in and out are ours--while we over all,
over the area spread below, the three or four millions of square
    miles, the capitals,
the forty millions of people,--o bard! in life and death supreme,
we, even we, henceforth flaunt out masterful, high up above,
not for the present alone, for a thousand years chanting through you,
this song to the soul of one poor little child.

     child:
o my father i like not the houses,
they will never to me be any thing, nor do i like money,
but to mount up there i would like, o father dear, that banner i like,
that pennant i would be and must be.

     father:
child of mine you fill me with anguish,
to be that pennant would be too fearful,
little you know what it is this day, and after this day, forever,
it is to gain nothing, but risk and defy every thing,
forward to stand in front of wars--and o, such wars!--what have you
    to do with them?
with passions of demons, slaughter, premature death?

     banner:
demons and death then i sing,
put in all, aye all will i, sword-shaped pennant for war,
and a pleasure new and ecstatic, and the prattled yearning of children,
blent with the sounds of the peaceful land and the liquid wash of the sea,
and the black ships fighting on the sea envelopd in smoke,
and the icy cool of the far, far north, with rustling cedars and pines,
and the whirr of drums and the sound of soldiers marching, and the
    hot sun shining south,
and the beach-waves combing over the beach on my eastern shore,
    and my western shore the same,
and all between those shores, and my ever running mississippi with
    bends and chutes,
and my illinois fields, and my kansas fields, and my fields of missouri,
the continent, devoting the whole identity without reserving an atom,
pour in! whelm that which asks, which sings, with all and the yield of all,
fusing and holding, claiming, devouring the whole,
no more with tender lip, nor musical labial sound,
but out of the night emerging for good, our voice persuasive no more,
croaking like crows here in the wind.

     poet:
my limbs, my veins dilate, my theme is clear at last,
banner so broad advancing out of the night, i sing you haughty and resolute,
i burst through where i waited long, too long, deafend and blinded,
my hearing and tongue are come to me, (a little child taught me,)
i hear from above o pennant of war your ironical call and demand,
insensate! insensate! (yet i at any rate chant you,) o banner!
not houses of peace indeed are you, nor any nor all their
    prosperity, (if need be, you shall again have every one of those
    houses to destroy them,
you thought not to destroy those valuable houses, standing fast,
    full of comfort, built with money,
may they stand fast, then? not an hour except you above them and all
    stand fast;)
o banner, not money so precious are you, not farm produce you, nor
    the material good nutriment,
nor excellent stores, nor landed on wharves from the ships,
not the superb ships with sail-power or steam-power, fetching and
    carrying cargoes,
nor machinery, vehicles, trade, nor revenues--but you as henceforth
    i see you,
running up out of the night, bringing your cluster of stars,
    (ever-enlarging stars,)
divider of daybreak you, cutting the air, touchd by the sun,
    measuring the sky,
(passionately seen and yearnd for by one poor little child,
while others remain busy or smartly talking, forever teaching
    thrift, thrift;)
o you up there! o pennant! where you undulate like a snake hissing
    so curious,
out of reach, an idea only, yet furiously fought for, risking bloody
    death, loved by me,
so loved--o you banner leading the day with stars brought from the night!
valueless, object of eyes, over all and demanding all--(absolute
    owner of all)--o banner and pennant!
i too leave the rest--great as it is, it is nothing--houses, machines
    are nothing--i see them not,
i see but you, o warlike pennant! o banner so broad, with stripes,
    sing you only,
flapping up there in the wind.



}  rise o days from your fathomless deeps

     1
rise o days from your fathomless deeps, till you loftier, fiercer sweep,
long for my soul hungering gymnastic i devourd what the earth gave me,
long i roamd amid the woods of the north, long i watchd niagara pouring,
i traveld the prairies over and slept on their breast, i crossd
    the nevadas, i crossd the plateaus,
i ascended the towering rocks along the pacific, i saild out to sea,
i saild through the storm, i was refreshd by the storm,
i watchd with joy the threatening maws of the waves,

i markd the white combs where they careerd so high, curling over,
i heard the wind piping, i saw the black clouds,
saw from below what arose and mounted, (o superb! o wild as my
    heart, and powerful!)
heard the continuous thunder as it bellowd after the lightning,
noted the slender and jagged threads of lightning as sudden and
    fast amid the din they chased each other across the sky;
these, and such as these, i, elate, saw--saw with wonder, yet pensive
    and masterful,
all the menacing might of the globe uprisen around me,
yet there with my soul i fed, i fed content, supercilious.

     2
twas well, o soul--twas a good preparation you gave me,
now we advance our latent and ampler hunger to fill,
now we go forth to receive what the earth and the sea never gave us,
not through the mighty woods we go, but through the mightier cities,
something for us is pouring now more than niagara pouring,
torrents of men, (sources and rills of the northwest are you indeed
    inexhaustible?)
what, to pavements and homesteads here, what were those storms of
    the mountains and sea?
what, to passions i witness around me to-day? was the sea risen?
was the wind piping the pipe of death under the black clouds?
lo! from deeps more unfathomable, something more deadly and savage,
manhattan rising, advancing with menacing front--cincinnati, chicago,
    unchaind;
what was that swell i saw on the ocean? behold what comes here,
how it climbs with daring feet and hands--how it dashes!
how the true thunder bellows after the lightning--how bright the
    flashes of lightning!
how democracy with desperate vengeful port strides on, shown
    through the dark by those flashes of lightning!
(yet a mournful wall and low sob i fancied i heard through the dark,
in a lull of the deafening confusion.)

     3
thunder on! stride on, democracy! strike with vengeful stroke!
and do you rise higher than ever yet o days, o cities!
crash heavier, heavier yet o storms! you have done me good,
my soul prepared in the mountains absorbs your immortal strong nutriment,
long had i walkd my cities, my country roads through farms, only
    half satisfied,
one doubt nauseous undulating like a snake, crawld on the ground before me,
continually preceding my steps, turning upon me oft, ironically hissing low;
the cities i loved so well i abandond and left, i sped to the
    certainties suitable to me,
hungering, hungering, hungering, for primal energies and natures
    dauntlessness,
i refreshd myself with it only, i could relish it only,
i waited the bursting forth of the pent fire--on the water and air
    waited long;
but now i no longer wait, i am fully satisfied, i am glutted,
i have witnessd the true lightning, i have witnessd my cities electric,
i have lived to behold man burst forth and warlike america rise,
hence i will seek no more the food of the northern solitary wilds,
no more the mountains roam or sail the stormy sea.



}  virginia--the west

the noble sire fallen on evil days,
i saw with hand uplifted, menacing, brandishing,
(memories of old in abeyance, love and faith in abeyance,)
the insane knife toward the mother of all.

the noble son on sinewy feet advancing,
i saw, out of the land of prairies, land of ohios waters and of indiana,
to the rescue the stalwart giant hurry his plenteous offspring,
drest in blue, bearing their trusty rifles on their shoulders.

then the mother of all with calm voice speaking,
as to you rebellious, (i seemed to hear her say,) why strive against
    me, and why seek my life?
when you yourself forever provide to defend me?
for you provided me washington--and now these also.



}  city of ships

city of ships!
(o the black ships! o the fierce ships!
o the beautiful sharp-bowd steam-ships and sail-ships!)
city of the world! (for all races are here,
all the lands of the earth make contributions here;)
city of the sea! city of hurried and glittering tides!
city whose gleeful tides continually rush or recede, whirling in and
    out with eddies and foam!
city of wharves and stores--city of tall facades of marble and iron!
proud and passionate city--mettlesome, mad, extravagant city!
spring up o city--not for peace alone, but be indeed yourself, warlike!
fear not--submit to no models but your own o city!
behold me--incarnate me as i have incarnated you!
i have rejected nothing you offerd me--whom you adopted i have adopted,
good or bad i never question you--i love all--i do not condemn any thing,
i chant and celebrate all that is yours--yet peace no more,
in peace i chanted peace, but now the drum of war is mine,
war, red war is my song through your streets, o city!



}  the centenarians story

     [volunteer of 1861-2, at washington park, brooklyn, assisting
     the centenarian.]
give me your hand old revolutionary,
the hill-top is nigh, but a few steps, (make room gentlemen,)
up the path you have followd me well, spite of your hundred and
    extra years,
you can walk old man, though your eyes are almost done,
your faculties serve you, and presently i must have them serve me.

rest, while i tell what the crowd around us means,
on the plain below recruits are drilling and exercising,
there is the camp, one regiment departs to-morrow,
do you hear the officers giving their orders?
do you hear the clank of the muskets?
why what comes over you now old man?
why do you tremble and clutch my hand so convulsively?
the troops are but drilling, they are yet surrounded with smiles,
around them at hand the well-drest friends and the women,
while splendid and warm the afternoon sun shines down,
green the midsummer verdure and fresh blows the dallying breeze,
oer proud and peaceful cities and arm of the sea between.

but drill and parade are over, they march back to quarters,
only hear that approval of hands! hear what a clapping!

as wending the crowds now part and disperse--but we old man,
not for nothing have i brought you hither--we must remain,
you to speak in your turn, and i to listen and tell.

     [the centenarian]
when i clutchd your hand it was not with terror,
but suddenly pouring about me here on every side,
and below there where the boys were drilling, and up the slopes they ran,
and where tents are pitchd, and wherever you see south and south-
    east and south-west,
over hills, across lowlands, and in the skirts of woods,
and along the shores, in mire (now filld over) came again and
    suddenly raged,
as eighty-five years agone no mere parade receivd with applause of friends,
but a battle which i took part in myself--aye, long ago as it is, i
    took part in it,
walking then this hilltop, this same ground.

aye, this is the ground,
my blind eyes even as i speak behold it re-peopled from graves,
the years recede, pavements and stately houses disappear,
rude forts appear again, the old hoopd guns are mounted,
i see the lines of raisd earth stretching from river to bay,
i mark the vista of waters, i mark the uplands and slopes;
here we lay encampd, it was this time in summer also.

as i talk i remember all, i remember the declaration,
it was read here, the whole army paraded, it was read to us here,
by his staff surrounded the general stood in the middle, he held up
    his unsheathd sword,
it glitterd in the sun in full sight of the army.

twas a bold act then--the english war-ships had just arrived,
we could watch down the lower bay where they lay at anchor,
and the transports swarming with soldiers.

a few days more and they landed, and then the battle.

twenty thousand were brought against us,
a veteran force furnishd with good artillery.

i tell not now the whole of the battle,
but one brigade early in the forenoon orderd forward to engage the
    red-coats,
of that brigade i tell, and how steadily it marchd,
and how long and well it stood confronting death.

who do you think that was marching steadily sternly confronting death?
it was the brigade of the youngest men, two thousand strong,
raisd in virginia and maryland, and most of them known personally
    to the general.

jauntily forward they went with quick step toward gowanus waters,
till of a sudden unlookd for by defiles through the woods, gaind at night,
the british advancing, rounding in from the east, fiercely playing
    their guns,
that brigade of the youngest was cut off and at the enemys mercy.

the general watchd them from this hill,
they made repeated desperate attempts to burst their environment,
then drew close together, very compact, their flag flying in the middle,
but o from the hills how the cannon were thinning and thinning them!

it sickens me yet, that slaughter!
i saw the moisture gather in drops on the face of the general.
i saw how he wrung his hands in anguish.

meanwhile the british manoeuvrd to draw us out for a pitchd battle,
but we dared not trust the chances of a pitchd battle.

we fought the fight in detachments,
sallying forth we fought at several points, but in each the luck was
    against us,
our foe advancing, steadily getting the best of it, pushd us back
    to the works on this hill,
till we turnd menacing here, and then he left us.

that was the going out of the brigade of the youngest men, two thousand
    strong,
few returnd, nearly all remain in brooklyn.

that and here my generals first battle,
no women looking on nor sunshine to bask in, it did not conclude
    with applause,
nobody clappd hands here then.

but in darkness in mist on the ground under a chill rain,
wearied that night we lay foild and sullen,
while scornfully laughd many an arrogant lord off against us encampd,
quite within hearing, feasting, clinking wineglasses together over
    their victory.

so dull and damp and another day,
but the night of that, mist lifting, rain ceasing,
silent as a ghost while they thought they were sure of him, my
    general retreated.

i saw him at the river-side,
down by the ferry lit by torches, hastening the embarcation;
my general waited till the soldiers and wounded were all passd over,
and then, (it was just ere sunrise,) these eyes rested on him for
    the last time.

every one else seemd filld with gloom,
many no doubt thought of capitulation.

but when my general passd me,
as he stood in his boat and lookd toward the coming sun,
i saw something different from capitulation.

     [terminus]
enough, the centenarians story ends,
the two, the past and present, have interchanged,
i myself as connecter, as chansonnier of a great future, am now speaking.

and is this the ground washington trod?
and these waters i listlessly daily cross, are these the waters he crossd,
as resolute in defeat as other generals in their proudest triumphs?

i must copy the story, and send it eastward and westward,
i must preserve that look as it beamd on you rivers of brooklyn.

see--as the annual round returns the phantoms return,
it is the 27th of august and the british have landed,
the battle begins and goes against us, behold through the smoke
    washingtons face,
the brigade of virginia and maryland have marchd forth to intercept
    the enemy,
they are cut off, murderous artillery from the hills plays upon them,
rank after rank falls, while over them silently droops the flag,
baptized that day in many a young mans bloody wounds.
in death, defeat, and sisters, mothers tears.

ah, hills and slopes of brooklyn! i perceive you are more valuable
    than your owners supposed;
in the midst of you stands an encampment very old,
stands forever the camp of that dead brigade.



}  cavalry crossing a ford

a line in long array where they wind betwixt green islands,
they take a serpentine course, their arms flash in the sun--hark to
    the musical clank,
behold the silvery river, in it the splashing horses loitering stop
    to drink,
behold the brown-faced men, each group, each person a picture, the
    negligent rest on the saddles,
some emerge on the opposite bank, others are just entering the ford--while,
scarlet and blue and snowy white,
the guidon flags flutter gayly in the wind.



}  bivouac on a mountain side

i see before me now a traveling army halting,
below a fertile valley spread, with barns and the orchards of summer,
behind, the terraced sides of a mountain, abrupt, in places rising high,
broken, with rocks, with clinging cedars, with tall shapes dingily seen,
the numerous camp-fires scatterd near and far, some away up on the
    mountain,
the shadowy forms of men and horses, looming, large-sized, flickering,
and over all the sky--the sky! far, far out of reach, studded,
    breaking out, the eternal stars.



}  an army corps on the march

with its cloud of skirmishers in advance,
with now the sound of a single shot snapping like a whip, and now an
    irregular volley,
the swarming ranks press on and on, the dense brigades press on,
glittering dimly, toiling under the sun--the dust-coverd men,
in columns rise and fall to the undulations of the ground,
with artillery interspersd--the wheels rumble, the horses sweat,
as the army corps advances.



}  by the bivouacs fitful flame

by the bivouacs fitful flame,
a procession winding around me, solemn and sweet and slow--but
    first i note,
the tents of the sleeping army, the fields and woods dim outline,
the darkness lit by spots of kindled fire, the silence,
like a phantom far or near an occasional figure moving,
the shrubs and trees, (as i lift my eyes they seem to be stealthily
    watching me,)
while wind in procession thoughts, o tender and wondrous thoughts,
of life and death, of home and the past and loved, and of those that
    are far away;
a solemn and slow procession there as i sit on the ground,
by the bivouacs fitful flame.



}  come up from the fields father

come up from the fields father, heres a letter from our pete,
and come to the front door mother, heres a letter from thy dear son.

lo, tis autumn,
lo, where the trees, deeper green, yellower and redder,
cool and sweeten ohios villages with leaves fluttering in the
    moderate wind,
where apples ripe in the orchards hang and grapes on the trellisd vines,
(smell you the smell of the grapes on the vines?
smell you the buckwheat where the bees were lately buzzing?)

above all, lo, the sky so calm, so transparent after the rain, and
    with wondrous clouds,
below too, all calm, all vital and beautiful, and the farm prospers well.

down in the fields all prospers well,
but now from the fields come father, come at the daughters call.
and come to the entry mother, to the front door come right away.

fast as she can she hurries, something ominous, her steps trembling,
she does not tarry to smooth her hair nor adjust her cap.

open the envelope quickly,
o this is not our sons writing, yet his name is signd,
o a strange hand writes for our dear son, o stricken mothers soul!
all swims before her eyes, flashes with black, she catches the main
    words only,
sentences broken, gunshot wound in the breast, cavalry skirmish,
    taken to hospital,
at present low, but will soon be better.

ah now the single figure to me,
amid all teeming and wealthy ohio with all its cities and farms,
sickly white in the face and dull in the head, very faint,
by the jamb of a door leans.

grieve not so, dear mother, (the just-grown daughter speaks through
    her sobs,
the little sisters huddle around speechless and dismayd,)
see, dearest mother, the letter says pete will soon be better.

alas poor boy, he will never be better, (nor may-be needs to be
    better, that brave and simple soul,)
while they stand at home at the door he is dead already,
the only son is dead.

but the mother needs to be better,
she with thin form presently drest in black,
by day her meals untouchd, then at night fitfully sleeping, often waking,
in the midnight waking, weeping, longing with one deep longing,
o that she might withdraw unnoticed, silent from life escape and withdraw,
to follow, to seek, to be with her dear dead son.



}  vigil strange i kept on the field one night

vigil strange i kept on the field one night;
when you my son and my comrade dropt at my side that day,
one look i but gave which your dear eyes returnd with a look i
    shall never forget,
one touch of your hand to mine o boy, reachd up as you lay on the ground,
then onward i sped in the battle, the even-contested battle,
till late in the night relievd to the place at last again i made my way,
found you in death so cold dear comrade, found your body son of
    responding kisses, (never again on earth responding,)
bared your face in the starlight, curious the scene, cool blew the
    moderate night-wind,
long there and then in vigil i stood, dimly around me the
    battlefield spreading,
vigil wondrous and vigil sweet there in the fragrant silent night,
but not a tear fell, not even a long-drawn sigh, long, long i gazed,
then on the earth partially reclining sat by your side leaning my
    chin in my hands,
passing sweet hours, immortal and mystic hours with you dearest
    comrade--not a tear, not a word,
vigil of silence, love and death, vigil for you my son and my soldier,
as onward silently stars aloft, eastward new ones upward stole,
vigil final for you brave boy, (i could not save you, swift was your death,
i faithfully loved you and cared for you living, i think we shall
    surely meet again,)
till at latest lingering of the night, indeed just as the dawn appeard,
my comrade i wrapt in his blanket, envelopd well his form,
folded the blanket well, tucking it carefully over head and
    carefully under feet,
and there and then and bathed by the rising sun, my son in his
    grave, in his rude-dug grave i deposited,
ending my vigil strange with that, vigil of night and battle-field dim,
vigil for boy of responding kisses, (never again on earth responding,)
vigil for comrade swiftly slain, vigil i never forget, how as day
    brightend,
i rose from the chill ground and folded my soldier well in his blanket,
and buried him where he fell.



}  a march in the ranks hard-prest, and the road unknown

a march in the ranks hard-prest, and the road unknown,
a route through a heavy wood with muffled steps in the darkness,
our army foild with loss severe, and the sullen remnant retreating,
till after midnight glimmer upon us the lights of a dim-lighted building,
we come to an open space in the woods, and halt by the dim-lighted building,
tis a large old church at the crossing roads, now an impromptu hospital,
entering but for a minute i see a sight beyond all the pictures and
    poems ever made,
shadows of deepest, deepest black, just lit by moving candles and lamps,
and by one great pitchy torch stationary with wild red flame and
    clouds of smoke,
by these, crowds, groups of forms vaguely i see on the floor, some
    in the pews laid down,
at my feet more distinctly a soldier, a mere lad, in danger of
    bleeding to death, (he is shot in the abdomen,)
i stanch the blood temporarily, (the youngsters face is white as a lily,)
then before i depart i sweep my eyes oer the scene fain to absorb it all,
faces, varieties, postures beyond description, most in obscurity,
    some of them dead,
surgeons operating, attendants holding lights, the smell of ether,
    odor of blood,
the crowd, o the crowd of the bloody forms, the yard outside also filld,
some on the bare ground, some on planks or stretchers, some in the
    death-spasm sweating,
an occasional scream or cry, the doctors shouted orders or calls,
the glisten of the little steel instruments catching the glint of
    the torches,
these i resume as i chant, i see again the forms, i smell the odor,
then hear outside the orders given, fall in, my men, fall in;
but first i bend to the dying lad, his eyes open, a half-smile gives he me,
then the eyes close, calmly close, and i speed forth to the darkness,
resuming, marching, ever in darkness marching, on in the ranks,
the unknown road still marching.



}  a sight in camp in the daybreak gray and dim

a sight in camp in the daybreak gray and dim,
as from my tent i emerge so early sleepless,
as slow i walk in the cool fresh air the path near by the hospital tent,
three forms i see on stretchers lying, brought out there untended lying,
over each the blanket spread, ample brownish woolen blanket,
gray and heavy blanket, folding, covering all.

curious i halt and silent stand,
then with light fingers i from the face of the nearest the first
    just lift the blanket;
who are you elderly man so gaunt and grim, with well-grayd hair,
    and flesh all sunken about the eyes?
who are you my dear comrade?
then to the second i step--and who are you my child and darling?
who are you sweet boy with cheeks yet blooming?
then to the third--a face nor child nor old, very calm, as of
    beautiful yellow-white ivory;
young man i think i know you--i think this face is the face of the
    christ himself,
dead and divine and brother of all, and here again he lies.



}  as toilsome i wanderd virginias woods

as toilsome i wanderd virginias woods,
to the music of rustling leaves kickd by my feet, (for twas autumn,)
i markd at the foot of a tree the grave of a soldier;
mortally wounded he and buried on the retreat, (easily all could
    understand,)
the halt of a mid-day hour, when up! no time to lose--yet this sign left,
on a tablet scrawld and naild on the tree by the grave,
bold, cautious, true, and my loving comrade.

long, long i muse, then on my way go wandering,
many a changeful season to follow, and many a scene of life,
yet at times through changeful season and scene, abrupt, alone, or
    in the crowded street,
comes before me the unknown soldiers grave, comes the inscription
    rude in virginias woods,
bold, cautious, true, and my loving comrade.



}  not the pilot

not the pilot has charged himself to bring his ship into port,
    though beaten back and many times baffled;
not the pathfinder penetrating inland weary and long,
by deserts parchd, snows chilld, rivers wet, perseveres till he
    reaches his destination,
more than i have charged myself, heeded or unheeded, to compose
    march for these states,
for a battle-call, rousing to arms if need be, years, centuries hence.



}  year that trembled and reeld beneath me

year that trembled and reeld beneath me!
your summer wind was warm enough, yet the air i breathed froze me,
a thick gloom fell through the sunshine and darkend me,
must i change my triumphant songs? said i to myself,
must i indeed learn to chant the cold dirges of the baffled?
and sullen hymns of defeat?



}  the wound-dresser

     1
an old man bending i come among new faces,
years looking backward resuming in answer to children,
come tell us old man, as from young men and maidens that love me,
(arousd and angry, id thought to beat the alarum, and urge relentless war,
but soon my fingers faild me, my face droopd and i resignd myself,
to sit by the wounded and soothe them, or silently watch the dead;)
years hence of these scenes, of these furious passions, these chances,
of unsurpassd heroes, (was one side so brave? the other was equally brave;)
now be witness again, paint the mightiest armies of earth,
of those armies so rapid so wondrous what saw you to tell us?
what stays with you latest and deepest? of curious panics,
of hard-fought engagements or sieges tremendous what deepest remains?

     2
o maidens and young men i love and that love me,
what you ask of my days those the strangest and sudden your talking recalls,
soldier alert i arrive after a long march coverd with sweat and dust,
in the nick of time i come, plunge in the fight, loudly shout in the
    rush of successful charge,
enter the capturd works--yet lo, like a swift-running river they fade,
pass and are gone they fade--i dwell not on soldiers perils or
    soldiers joys,
(both i remember well--many the hardships, few the joys, yet i was content.)

but in silence, in dreams projections,
while the world of gain and appearance and mirth goes on,
so soon what is over forgotten, and waves wash the imprints off the sand,
with hinged knees returning i enter the doors, (while for you up there,
whoever you are, follow without noise and be of strong heart.)

bearing the bandages, water and sponge,
straight and swift to my wounded i go,
where they lie on the ground after the battle brought in,
where their priceless blood reddens the grass the ground,
or to the rows of the hospital tent, or under the roofd hospital,
to the long rows of cots up and down each side i return,
to each and all one after another i draw near, not one do i miss,
an attendant follows holding a tray, he carries a refuse pail,
soon to be filld with clotted rags and blood, emptied, and filld again.

i onward go, i stop,
with hinged knees and steady hand to dress wounds,
i am firm with each, the pangs are sharp yet unavoidable,
one turns to me his appealing eyes--poor boy! i never knew you,
yet i think i could not refuse this moment to die for you, if that
    would save you.

     3
on, on i go, (open doors of time! open hospital doors!)
the crushd head i dress, (poor crazed hand tear not the bandage away,)
the neck of the cavalry-man with the bullet through and through examine,
hard the breathing rattles, quite glazed already the eye, yet life
    struggles hard,
(come sweet death! be persuaded o beautiful death!
in mercy come quickly.)

from the stump of the arm, the amputated hand,
i undo the clotted lint, remove the slough, wash off the matter and blood,
back on his pillow the soldier bends with curvd neck and side falling head,
his eyes are closed, his face is pale, he dares not look on the
    bloody stump,
and has not yet lookd on it.

i dress a wound in the side, deep, deep,
but a day or two more, for see the frame all wasted and sinking,
and the yellow-blue countenance see.

i dress the perforated shoulder, the foot with the bullet-wound,
cleanse the one with a gnawing and putrid gangrene, so sickening,
    so offensive,
while the attendant stands behind aside me holding the tray and pail.

i am faithful, i do not give out,
the fracturd thigh, the knee, the wound in the abdomen,
these and more i dress with impassive hand, (yet deep in my breast
    a fire, a burning flame.)

     4
thus in silence in dreams projections,
returning, resuming, i thread my way through the hospitals,
the hurt and wounded i pacify with soothing hand,
i sit by the restless all the dark night, some are so young,
some suffer so much, i recall the experience sweet and sad,
(many a soldiers loving arms about this neck have crossd and rested,
many a soldiers kiss dwells on these bearded lips.)



}  long, too long america

long, too long america,
traveling roads all even and peaceful you learnd from joys and
    prosperity only,
but now, ah now, to learn from crises of anguish, advancing,
    grappling with direst fate and recoiling not,
and now to conceive and show to the world what your children
    en-masse really are,
(for who except myself has yet conceivd what your children en-masse
    really are?)



}  give me the splendid silent sun

     1
give me the splendid silent sun with all his beams full-dazzling,
give me autumnal fruit ripe and red from the orchard,
give me a field where the unmowd grass grows,
give me an arbor, give me the trellisd grape,
give me fresh corn and wheat, give me serene-moving animals teaching
    content,
give me nights perfectly quiet as on high plateaus west of the
    mississippi, and i looking up at the stars,
give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where i can
    walk undisturbd,
give me for marriage a sweet-breathd woman of whom i should never tire,
give me a perfect child, give me away aside from the noise of the
    world a rural domestic life,
give me to warble spontaneous songs recluse by myself, for my own ears only,
give me solitude, give me nature, give me again o nature your primal
    sanities!

these demanding to have them, (tired with ceaseless excitement, and
    rackd by the war-strife,)
these to procure incessantly asking, rising in cries from my heart,
while yet incessantly asking still i adhere to my city,
day upon day and year upon year o city, walking your streets,
where you hold me enchaind a certain time refusing to give me up,
yet giving to make me glutted, enrichd of soul, you give me forever faces;
(o i see what i sought to escape, confronting, reversing my cries,
see my own soul trampling down what it askd for.)

     2
keep your splendid silent sun,
keep your woods o nature, and the quiet places by the woods,
keep your fields of clover and timothy, and your corn-fields and orchards,
keep the blossoming buckwheat fields where the ninth-month bees hum;
give me faces and streets--give me these phantoms incessant and
    endless along the trottoirs!
give me interminable eyes--give me women--give me comrades and
    lovers by the thousand!
let me see new ones every day--let me hold new ones by the hand every day!
give me such shows--give me the streets of manhattan!
give me broadway, with the soldiers marching--give me the sound of
    the trumpets and drums!
(the soldiers in companies or regiments--some starting away, flushd
    and reckless,
some, their time up, returning with thinnd ranks, young, yet very
    old, worn, marching, noticing nothing;)
give me the shores and wharves heavy-fringed with black ships!
o such for me! o an intense life, full to repletion and varied!
the life of the theatre, bar-room, huge hotel, for me!
the saloon of the steamer! the crowded excursion for me! the
    torchlight procession!
the dense brigade bound for the war, with high piled military wagons
    following;
people, endless, streaming, with strong voices, passions, pageants,
manhattan streets with their powerful throbs, with beating drums as now,
the endless and noisy chorus, the rustle and clank of muskets, (even
    the sight of the wounded,)
manhattan crowds, with their turbulent musical chorus!
manhattan faces and eyes forever for me.



}  dirge for two veterans

     the last sunbeam
lightly falls from the finishd sabbath,
on the pavement here, and there beyond it is looking,
     down a new-made double grave.

     lo, the moon ascending,
up from the east the silvery round moon,
beautiful over the house-tops, ghastly, phantom moon,
     immense and silent moon.

     i see a sad procession,
and i hear the sound of coming full-keyd bugles,
all the channels of the city streets theyre flooding,
     as with voices and with tears.

     i hear the great drums pounding,
and the small drums steady whirring,
and every blow of the great convulsive drums,
     strikes me through and through.

     for the son is brought with the father,
(in the foremost ranks of the fierce assault they fell,
two veterans son and father dropt together,
     and the double grave awaits them.)

     now nearer blow the bugles,
and the drums strike more convulsive,
and the daylight oer the pavement quite has faded,
     and the strong dead-march enwraps me.

     in the eastern sky up-buoying,
the sorrowful vast phantom moves illumind,
(tis some mothers large transparent face,
     in heaven brighter growing.)

     o strong dead-march you please me!
o moon immense with your silvery face you soothe me!
o my soldiers twain! o my veterans passing to burial!
     what i have i also give you.

     the moon gives you light,
and the bugles and the drums give you music,
and my heart, o my soldiers, my veterans,
     my heart gives you love.



}  over the carnage rose prophetic a voice

over the carnage rose prophetic a voice,
be not disheartend, affection shall solve the problems of freedom yet,
those who love each other shall become invincible,
they shall yet make columbia victorious.

sons of the mother of all, you shall yet be victorious,
you shall yet laugh to scorn the attacks of all the remainder of the earth.

no danger shall balk columbias lovers,
if need be a thousand shall sternly immolate themselves for one.

one from massachusetts shall be a missourians comrade,
from maine and from hot carolina, and another an oregonese, shall
    be friends triune,
more precious to each other than all the riches of the earth.

to michigan, florida perfumes shall tenderly come,
not the perfumes of flowers, but sweeter, and wafted beyond death.

it shall be customary in the houses and streets to see manly affection,
the most dauntless and rude shall touch face to face lightly,
the dependence of liberty shall be lovers,
the continuance of equality shall be comrades.

these shall tie you and band you stronger than hoops of iron,
i, ecstatic, o partners! o lands! with the love of lovers tie you.

(were you looking to be held together by lawyers?
or by an agreement on a paper? or by arms?
nay, nor the world, nor any living thing, will so cohere.)



}  i saw old general at bay

i saw old general at bay,
(old as he was, his gray eyes yet shone out in battle like stars,)
his small force was now completely hemmd in, in his works,
he calld for volunteers to run the enemys lines, a desperate emergency,
i saw a hundred and more step forth from the ranks, but two or three
    were selected,
i saw them receive their orders aside, they listend with care, the
    adjutant was very grave,
i saw them depart with cheerfulness, freely risking their lives.



}  the artillerymans vision

while my wife at my side lies slumbering, and the wars are over long,
and my head on the pillow rests at home, and the vacant midnight passes,
and through the stillness, through the dark, i hear, just hear, the
    breath of my infant,
there in the room as i wake from sleep this vision presses upon me;
the engagement opens there and then in fantasy unreal,
the skirmishers begin, they crawl cautiously ahead, i hear the
    irregular snap! snap!
i hear the sounds of the different missiles, the short t-h-t! t-h-t!
    of the rifle-balls,
i see the shells exploding leaving small white clouds, i hear the
    great shells shrieking as they pass,
the grape like the hum and whirr of wind through the trees,
    (tumultuous now the contest rages,)
all the scenes at the batteries rise in detail before me again,
the crashing and smoking, the pride of the men in their pieces,
the chief-gunner ranges and sights his piece and selects a fuse of
    the right time,
after firing i see him lean aside and look eagerly off to note the effect;
elsewhere i hear the cry of a regiment charging, (the young colonel
    leads himself this time with brandishd sword,)
i see the gaps cut by the enemys volleys, (quickly filld up, no delay,)
i breathe the suffocating smoke, then the flat clouds hover low
    concealing all;
now a strange lull for a few seconds, not a shot fired on either side,
then resumed the chaos louder than ever, with eager calls and
    orders of officers,
while from some distant part of the field the wind wafts to my ears
    a shout of applause, (some special success,)
and ever the sound of the cannon far or near, (rousing even in
    dreams a devilish exultation and all the old mad joy in the
    depths of my soul,)
and ever the hastening of infantry shifting positions, batteries,
    cavalry, moving hither and thither,
(the falling, dying, i heed not, the wounded dripping and red
    heed not, some to the rear are hobbling,)
grime, heat, rush, aide-de-camps galloping by or on a full run,
with the patter of small arms, the warning s-s-t of the rifles,
    (these in my vision i hear or see,)
and bombs bursting in air, and at night the vari-colord rockets.



}  ethiopia saluting the colors

who are you dusky woman, so ancient hardly human,
with your woolly-white and turband head, and bare bony feet?
why rising by the roadside here, do you the colors greet?

(tis while our army lines carolinas sands and pines,
forth from thy hovel door thou ethiopia comist to me,
as under doughty sherman i march toward the sea.)

me master years a hundred since from my parents sunderd,
a little child, they caught me as the savage beast is caught,
then hither me across the sea the cruel slaver brought.

no further does she say, but lingering all the day,
her high-borne turband head she wags, and rolls her darkling eye,
and courtesies to the regiments, the guidons moving by.

what is it fateful woman, so blear, hardly human?
why wag your head with turban bound, yellow, red and green?
are the things so strange and marvelous you see or have seen?



}  not youth pertains to me

not youth pertains to me,
nor delicatesse, i cannot beguile the time with talk,
awkward in the parlor, neither a dancer nor elegant,
in the learnd coterie sitting constraind and still, for learning
    inures not to me,
beauty, knowledge, inure not to me--yet there are two or three things
    inure to me,
i have nourishd the wounded and soothd many a dying soldier,
and at intervals waiting or in the midst of camp,
composed these songs.



}  race of veterans

race of veterans--race of victors!
race of the soil, ready for conflict--race of the conquering march!
(no more credulitys race, abiding-temperd race,)
race henceforth owning no law but the law of itself,
race of passion and the storm.



}  world take good notice

world take good notice, silver stars fading,
milky hue ript, wet of white detaching,
coals thirty-eight, baleful and burning,
scarlet, significant, hands off warning,
now and henceforth flaunt from these shores.



}  o tan-faced prairie-boy

o tan-faced prairie-boy,
before you came to camp came many a welcome gift,
praises and presents came and nourishing food, till at last among
    the recruits,
you came, taciturn, with nothing to give--we but lookd on each other,
when lo! more than all the gifts of the world you gave me.



}  look down fair moon

look down fair moon and bathe this scene,
pour softly down nights nimbus floods on faces ghastly, swollen, purple,
on the dead on their backs with arms tossd wide,
pour down your unstinted nimbus sacred moon.



}  reconciliation

word over all, beautiful as the sky,
beautiful that war and all its deeds of carnage must in time be
    utterly lost,
that the hands of the sisters death and night incessantly softly
    wash again, and ever again, this solid world;
for my enemy is dead, a man divine as myself is dead,
i look where he lies white-faced and still in the coffin--i draw near,
bend down and touch lightly with my lips the white face in the coffin.



}  how solemn as one by one [washington city, 1865]

how solemn as one by one,
as the ranks returning worn and sweaty, as the men file by where stand,
as the faces the masks appear, as i glance at the faces studying the masks,
(as i glance upward out of this page studying you, dear friend,
    whoever you are,)
how solemn the thought of my whispering soul to each in the ranks,
    and to you,
i see behind each mask that wonder a kindred soul,
o the bullet could never kill what you really are, dear friend,
nor the bayonet stab what you really are;
the soul! yourself i see, great as any, good as the best,
waiting secure and content, which the bullet could never kill,
nor the bayonet stab o friend.



}  as i lay with my head in your lap camerado

as i lay with my head in your lap camerado,
the confession i made i resume, what i said to you and the open air
    i resume,
i know i am restless and make others so,
i know my words are weapons full of danger, full of death,
for i confront peace, security, and all the settled laws, to
    unsettle them,
i am more resolute because all have denied me than i could ever have
    been had all accepted me,
i heed not and have never heeded either experience, cautions,
    majorities, nor ridicule,
and the threat of what is calld hell is little or nothing to me,
and the lure of what is calld heaven is little or nothing to me;
dear camerado! i confess i have urged you onward with me, and still
    urge you, without the least idea what is our destination,
or whether we shall be victorious, or utterly quelld and defeated.



}  delicate cluster

delicate cluster! flag of teeming life!
covering all my lands--all my seashores lining!
flag of death! (how i watchd you through the smoke of battle pressing!
how i heard you flap and rustle, cloth defiant!)
flag cerulean--sunny flag, with the orbs of night dappled!
ah my silvery beauty--ah my woolly white and crimson!
ah to sing the song of you, my matron mighty!
my sacred one, my mother.



}  to a certain civilian

did you ask dulcet rhymes from me?
did you seek the civilians peaceful and languishing rhymes?
did you find what i sang erewhile so hard to follow?
why i was not singing erewhile for you to follow, to understand--nor
    am i now;
(i have been born of the same as the war was born,
the drum-corps rattle is ever to me sweet music, i love well the
    martial dirge,
with slow wail and convulsive throb leading the officers funeral;)
what to such as you anyhow such a poet as i? therefore leave my works,
and go lull yourself with what you can understand, and with piano-tunes,
for i lull nobody, and you will never understand me.



}  lo, victress on the peaks

lo, victress on the peaks,
where thou with mighty brow regarding the world,
(the world o libertad, that vainly conspired against thee,)
out of its countless beleaguering toils, after thwarting them all,
dominant, with the dazzling sun around thee,
flauntest now unharmd in immortal soundness and bloom--lo, in
    these hours supreme,
no poem proud, i chanting bring to thee, nor masterys rapturous verse,
but a cluster containing nights darkness and blood-dripping wounds,
and psalms of the dead.



}  spirit whose work is done [washington city, 1865]

spirit whose work is done--spirit of dreadful hours!
ere departing fade from my eyes your forests of bayonets;
spirit of gloomiest fears and doubts, (yet onward ever unfaltering
    pressing,)
spirit of many a solemn day and many a savage scene--electric spirit,
that with muttering voice through the war now closed, like a
    tireless phantom flitted,
rousing the land with breath of flame, while you beat and beat the drum,
now as the sound of the drum, hollow and harsh to the last,
    reverberates round me,
as your ranks, your immortal ranks, return, return from the battles,
as the muskets of the young men yet lean over their shoulders,
as i look on the bayonets bristling over their shoulders,
as those slanted bayonets, whole forests of them appearing in the
    distance, approach and pass on, returning homeward,
moving with steady motion, swaying to and fro to the right and left,
evenly lightly rising and falling while the steps keep time;
spirit of hours i knew, all hectic red one day, but pale as death next day,
touch my mouth ere you depart, press my lips close,
leave me your pulses of rage--bequeath them to me--fill me with
    currents convulsive,
let them scorch and blister out of my chants when you are gone,
let them identify you to the future in these songs.



}  adieu to a soldier

adieu o soldier,
you of the rude campaigning, (which we shared,)
the rapid march, the life of the camp,
the hot contention of opposing fronts, the long manoeuvre,
red battles with their slaughter, the stimulus, the strong terrific game,
spell of all brave and manly hearts, the trains of time through you
    and like of you all filld,
with war and wars expression.

adieu dear comrade,
your mission is fulfilld--but i, more warlike,
myself and this contentious soul of mine,
still on our own campaigning bound,
through untried roads with ambushes opponents lined,
through many a sharp defeat and many a crisis, often baffled,
here marching, ever marching on, a war fight out--aye here,
to fiercer, weightier battles give expression.



}  turn o libertad

turn o libertad, for the war is over,
from it and all henceforth expanding, doubting no more, resolute,
    sweeping the world,
turn from lands retrospective recording proofs of the past,
from the singers that sing the trailing glories of the past,
from the chants of the feudal world, the triumphs of kings, slavery, caste,
turn to the world, the triumphs reservd and to come--give up that
    backward world,
leave to the singers of hitherto, give them the trailing past,
but what remains remains for singers for you--wars to come are for you,
(lo, how the wars of the past have duly inured to you, and the wars
    of the present also inure;)
then turn, and be not alarmd o libertad--turn your undying face,
to where the future, greater than all the past,
is swiftly, surely preparing for you.



}  to the leavend soil they trod

to the leavend soil they trod calling i sing for the last,
(forth from my tent emerging for good, loosing, untying the tent-ropes,)
in the freshness the forenoon air, in the far-stretching circuits
    and vistas again to peace restored,
to the fiery fields emanative and the endless vistas beyond, to the
    south and the north,
to the leavend soil of the general western world to attest my songs,
to the alleghanian hills and the tireless mississippi,
to the rocks i calling sing, and all the trees in the woods,
to the plains of the poems of heroes, to the prairies spreading wide,
to the far-off sea and the unseen winds, and the sane impalpable air;
and responding they answer all, (but not in words,)
the average earth, the witness of war and peace, acknowledges mutely,
the prairie draws me close, as the father to bosom broad the son,
the northern ice and rain that began me nourish me to the end,
but the hot sun of the south is to fully ripen my songs.



[book xxii.  memories of president lincoln]

}  when lilacs last in the dooryard bloomd

     1
when lilacs last in the dooryard bloomd,
and the great star early droopd in the western sky in the night,
i mournd, and yet shall mourn with ever-returning spring.

ever-returning spring, trinity sure to me you bring,
lilac blooming perennial and drooping star in the west,
and thought of him i love.

     2
o powerful western fallen star!
o shades of night--o moody, tearful night!
o great star disappeard--o the black murk that hides the star!
o cruel hands that hold me powerless--o helpless soul of me!
o harsh surrounding cloud that will not free my soul.


    3
in the dooryard fronting an old farm-house near the white-washd palings,
stands the lilac-bush tall-growing with heart-shaped leaves of rich green,
with many a pointed blossom rising delicate, with the perfume strong i love,
with every leaf a miracle--and from this bush in the dooryard,
with delicate-colord blossoms and heart-shaped leaves of rich green,
a sprig with its flower i break.

     4
in the swamp in secluded recesses,
a shy and hidden bird is warbling a song.

solitary the thrush,
the hermit withdrawn to himself, avoiding the settlements,
sings by himself a song.

song of the bleeding throat,
deaths outlet song of life, (for well dear brother i know,
if thou wast not granted to sing thou wouldist surely die.)

     5
over the breast of the spring, the land, amid cities,
amid lanes and through old woods, where lately the violets peepd
    from the ground, spotting the gray debris,
amid the grass in the fields each side of the lanes, passing the
    endless grass,
passing the yellow-speard wheat, every grain from its shroud in the
    dark-brown fields uprisen,
passing the apple-tree blows of white and pink in the orchards,
carrying a corpse to where it shall rest in the grave,
night and day journeys a coffin.

     6
coffin that passes through lanes and streets,
through day and night with the great cloud darkening the land,
with the pomp of the inloopd flags with the cities draped in black,
with the show of the states themselves as of crape-veild women standing,
with processions long and winding and the flambeaus of the night,
with the countless torches lit, with the silent sea of faces and the
    unbared heads,
with the waiting depot, the arriving coffin, and the sombre faces,
with dirges through the night, with the thousand voices rising strong
    and solemn,
with all the mournful voices of the dirges pourd around the coffin,
the dim-lit churches and the shuddering organs--where amid these
    you journey,
with the tolling tolling bells perpetual clang,
here, coffin that slowly passes,
i give you my sprig of lilac.

     7
(nor for you, for one alone,
blossoms and branches green to coffins all i bring,
for fresh as the morning, thus would i chant a song for you o sane
    and sacred death.

all over bouquets of roses,
o death, i cover you over with roses and early lilies,
but mostly and now the lilac that blooms the first,
copious i break, i break the sprigs from the bushes,
with loaded arms i come, pouring for you,
for you and the coffins all of you o death.)

     8
o western orb sailing the heaven,
now i know what you must have meant as a month since i walkd,
as i walkd in silence the transparent shadowy night,
as i saw you had something to tell as you bent to me night after night,
as you droopd from the sky low down as if to my side, (while the
    other stars all lookd on,)
as we wanderd together the solemn night, (for something i know not
    what kept me from sleep,)
as the night advanced, and i saw on the rim of the west how full you
    were of woe,
as i stood on the rising ground in the breeze in the cool transparent night,
as i watchd where you passd and was lost in the netherward black
    of the night,
as my soul in its trouble dissatisfied sank, as where you sad orb,
concluded, dropt in the night, and was gone.

     9
sing on there in the swamp,
o singer bashful and tender, i hear your notes, i hear your call,
i hear, i come presently, i understand you,
but a moment i linger, for the lustrous star has detaind me,
the star my departing comrade holds and detains me.

     10
o how shall i warble myself for the dead one there i loved?
and how shall i deck my song for the large sweet soul that has gone?
and what shall my perfume be for the grave of him i love?

sea-winds blown from east and west,
blown from the eastern sea and blown from the western sea, till
    there on the prairies meeting,
these and with these and the breath of my chant,
ill perfume the grave of him i love.

     11
o what shall i hang on the chamber walls?
and what shall the pictures be that i hang on the walls,
to adorn the burial-house of him i love?
pictures of growing spring and farms and homes,
with the fourth-month eve at sundown, and the gray smoke lucid and bright,
with floods of the yellow gold of the gorgeous, indolent, sinking
    sun, burning, expanding the air,
with the fresh sweet herbage under foot, and the pale green leaves
    of the trees prolific,
in the distance the flowing glaze, the breast of the river, with a
    wind-dapple here and there,
with ranging hills on the banks, with many a line against the sky,
    and shadows,
and the city at hand with dwellings so dense, and stacks of chimneys,
and all the scenes of life and the workshops, and the workmen
    homeward returning.

     12
lo, body and soul--this land,
my own manhattan with spires, and the sparkling and hurrying tides,
    and the ships,
the varied and ample land, the south and the north in the light,
    ohios shores and flashing missouri,
and ever the far-spreading prairies coverd with grass and corn.

lo, the most excellent sun so calm and haughty,
the violet and purple morn with just-felt breezes,
the gentle soft-born measureless light,
the miracle spreading bathing all, the fulfilld noon,
the coming eve delicious, the welcome night and the stars,
over my cities shining all, enveloping man and land.

     13
sing on, sing on you gray-brown bird,
sing from the swamps, the recesses, pour your chant from the bushes,
limitless out of the dusk, out of the cedars and pines.

sing on dearest brother, warble your reedy song,
loud human song, with voice of uttermost woe.

o liquid and free and tender!
o wild and loose to my soul--o wondrous singer!
you only i hear--yet the star holds me, (but will soon depart,)
yet the lilac with mastering odor holds me.

     14
now while i sat in the day and lookd forth,
in the close of the day with its light and the fields of spring, and
    the farmers preparing their crops,
in the large unconscious scenery of my land with its lakes and forests,
in the heavenly aerial beauty, (after the perturbd winds and the storms,)
under the arching heavens of the afternoon swift passing, and the
    voices of children and women,
the many-moving sea-tides, and i saw the ships how they saild,
and the summer approaching with richness, and the fields all busy
    with labor,
and the infinite separate houses, how they all went on, each with
    its meals and minutia of daily usages,
and the streets how their throbbings throbbd, and the cities pent--
    lo, then and there,
falling upon them all and among them all, enveloping me with the rest,
appeard the cloud, appeard the long black trail,
and i knew death, its thought, and the sacred knowledge of death.

then with the knowledge of death as walking one side of me,
and the thought of death close-walking the other side of me,
and i in the middle as with companions, and as holding the hands of
    companions,
i fled forth to the hiding receiving night that talks not,
down to the shores of the water, the path by the swamp in the dimness,
to the solemn shadowy cedars and ghostly pines so still.

and the singer so shy to the rest receivd me,
the gray-brown bird i know receivd us comrades three,
and he sang the carol of death, and a verse for him i love.

from deep secluded recesses,
from the fragrant cedars and the ghostly pines so still,
came the carol of the bird.

and the charm of the carol rapt me,
as i held as if by their hands my comrades in the night,
and the voice of my spirit tallied the song of the bird.

come lovely and soothing death,
undulate round the world, serenely arriving, arriving,
in the day, in the night, to all, to each,
sooner or later delicate death.

praisd be the fathomless universe,
for life and joy, and for objects and knowledge curious,
and for love, sweet love--but praise! praise! praise!
for the sure-enwinding arms of cool-enfolding death.

dark mother always gliding near with soft feet,
have none chanted for thee a chant of fullest welcome?
then i chant it for thee, i glorify thee above all,
i bring thee a song that when thou must indeed come, come unfalteringly.

approach strong deliveress,
when it is so, when thou hast taken them i joyously sing the dead,
lost in the loving floating ocean of thee,
laved in the flood of thy bliss o death.

from me to thee glad serenades,
dances for thee i propose saluting thee, adornments and feastings for thee,
and the sights of the open landscape and the high-spread shy are fitting,
and life and the fields, and the huge and thoughtful night.

the night in silence under many a star,
the ocean shore and the husky whispering wave whose voice i know,
and the soul turning to thee o vast and well-veild death,
and the body gratefully nestling close to thee.

over the tree-tops i float thee a song,
over the rising and sinking waves, over the myriad fields and the
    prairies wide,
over the dense-packd cities all and the teeming wharves and ways,
i float this carol with joy, with joy to thee o death.

     15
to the tally of my soul,
loud and strong kept up the gray-brown bird,
with pure deliberate notes spreading filling the night.

loud in the pines and cedars dim,
clear in the freshness moist and the swamp-perfume,
and i with my comrades there in the night.

while my sight that was bound in my eyes unclosed,
as to long panoramas of visions.

and i saw askant the armies,
i saw as in noiseless dreams hundreds of battle-flags,
borne through the smoke of the battles and piercd with missiles i saw them,
and carried hither and yon through the smoke, and torn and bloody,
and at last but a few shreds left on the staffs, (and all in silence,)
and the staffs all splinterd and broken.

i saw battle-corpses, myriads of them,
and the white skeletons of young men, i saw them,
i saw the debris and debris of all the slain soldiers of the war,
but i saw they were not as was thought,
they themselves were fully at rest, they sufferd not,
the living remaind and sufferd, the mother sufferd,
and the wife and the child and the musing comrade sufferd,
and the armies that remaind sufferd.

     16
passing the visions, passing the night,
passing, unloosing the hold of my comrades hands,
passing the song of the hermit bird and the tallying song of my soul,
victorious song, deaths outlet song, yet varying ever-altering song,
as low and wailing, yet clear the notes, rising and falling,
    flooding the night,
sadly sinking and fainting, as warning and warning, and yet again
    bursting with joy,
covering the earth and filling the spread of the heaven,
as that powerful psalm in the night i heard from recesses,
passing, i leave thee lilac with heart-shaped leaves,
i leave thee there in the door-yard, blooming, returning with spring.

i cease from my song for thee,
from my gaze on thee in the west, fronting the west, communing with thee,
o comrade lustrous with silver face in the night.

yet each to keep and all, retrievements out of the night,
the song, the wondrous chant of the gray-brown bird,
and the tallying chant, the echo arousd in my soul,
with the lustrous and drooping star with the countenance full of woe,
with the holders holding my hand nearing the call of the bird,
comrades mine and i in the midst, and their memory ever to keep, for
    the dead i loved so well,
for the sweetest, wisest soul of all my days and lands--and this for
    his dear sake,
lilac and star and bird twined with the chant of my soul,
there in the fragrant pines and the cedars dusk and dim.



}  o captain! my captain!

o captain! my captain! our fearful trip is done,
the ship has weatherd every rack, the prize we sought is won,
the port is near, the bells i hear, the people all exulting,
while follow eyes the steady keel, the vessel grim and daring;
    but o heart! heart! heart!
     o the bleeding drops of red,
       where on the deck my captain lies,
         fallen cold and dead.

o captain! my captain! rise up and hear the bells;
rise up--for you the flag is flung--for you the bugle trills,
for you bouquets and ribbond wreaths--for you the shores a-crowding,
for you they call, the swaying mass, their eager faces turning;
    here captain! dear father!
     this arm beneath your head!
       it is some dream that on the deck,
         youve fallen cold and dead.

my captain does not answer, his lips are pale and still,
my father does not feel my arm, he has no pulse nor will,
the ship is anchord safe and sound, its voyage closed and done,
from fearful trip the victor ship comes in with object won;
     exult o shores, and ring o bells!
       but i with mournful tread,
         walk the deck my captain lies,
           fallen cold and dead.



}  hushd be the camps to-day [may 4, 1865]

hushd be the camps to-day,
and soldiers let us drape our war-worn weapons,
and each with musing soul retire to celebrate,
our dear commanders death.

no more for him lifes stormy conflicts,
nor victory, nor defeat--no more times dark events,
charging like ceaseless clouds across the sky.
but sing poet in our name,

sing of the love we bore him--because you, dweller in camps, know it truly.

as they invault the coffin there,
sing--as they close the doors of earth upon him--one verse,
for the heavy hearts of soldiers.



}  this dust was once the man

this dust was once the man,
gentle, plain, just and resolute, under whose cautious hand,
against the foulest crime in history known in any land or age,
was saved the union of these states.



[book xxiii]

}  by blue ontarios shore

by blue ontarios shore,
as i mused of these warlike days and of peace returnd, and the
    dead that return no more,
a phantom gigantic superb, with stern visage accosted me,
chant me the poem, it said, that comes from the soul of america,
    chant me the carol of victory,
and strike up the marches of libertad, marches more powerful yet,
and sing me before you go the song of the throes of democracy.

(democracy, the destind conqueror, yet treacherous lip-smiles everywhere,
and death and infidelity at every step.)

     2
a nation announcing itself,
i myself make the only growth by which i can be appreciated,
i reject none, accept all, then reproduce all in my own forms.

a breed whose proof is in time and deeds,
what we are we are, nativity is answer enough to objections,
we wield ourselves as a weapon is wielded,
we are powerful and tremendous in ourselves,
we are executive in ourselves, we are sufficient in the variety of
    ourselves,
we are the most beautiful to ourselves and in ourselves,
we stand self-poisd in the middle, branching thence over the world,
from missouri, nebraska, or kansas, laughing attacks to scorn.

nothing is sinful to us outside of ourselves,
whatever appears, whatever does not appear, we are beautiful or
    sinful in ourselves only.

(o mother--o sisters dear!
if we are lost, no victor else has destroyd us,
it is by ourselves we go down to eternal night.)

     3
have you thought there could be but a single supreme?
there can be any number of supremes--one does not countervail
    another any more than one eyesight countervails another, or
    one life countervails another.

all is eligible to all,
all is for individuals, all is for you,
no condition is prohibited, not gods or any.

all comes by the body, only health puts you rapport with the universe.

produce great persons, the rest follows.

     4
piety and conformity to them that like,
peace, obesity, allegiance, to them that like,
i am he who tauntingly compels men, women, nations,
crying, leap from your seats and contend for your lives!

i am he who walks the states with a barbd tongue, questioning every
    one i meet,
who are you that wanted only to be told what you knew before?
who are you that wanted only a book to join you in your nonsense?

(with pangs and cries as thine own o bearer of many children,
these clamors wild to a race of pride i give.)

o lands, would you be freer than all that has ever been before?
if you would be freer than all that has been before, come listen to me.

fear grace, elegance, civilization, delicatesse,
fear the mellow sweet, the sucking of honey--juice,
beware the advancing mortal ripening of nature,
beware what precedes the decay of the ruggedness of states and men.

     5
ages, precedents, have long been accumulating undirected materials,
america brings builders, and brings its own styles.

the immortal poets of asia and europe have done their work and
    passd to other spheres,
a work remains, the work of surpassing all they have done.

america, curious toward foreign characters, stands by its own at all
    hazards,
stands removed, spacious, composite, sound, initiates the true use
    of precedents,
does not repel them or the past or what they have produced under
    their forms,
takes the lesson with calmness, perceives the corpse slowly borne
    from the house,
perceives that it waits a little while in the door, that it was
    fittest for its days,
that its life has descended to the stalwart and well-shaped heir who
    approaches,
and that he shall be fittest for his days.

any period one nation must lead,
one land must be the promise and reliance of the future.

these states are the amplest poem,
here is not merely a nation but a teeming nation of nations,
here the doings of men correspond with the broadcast doings of the
    day and night,
here is what moves in magnificent masses careless of particulars,
here are the roughs, beards, friendliness, combativeness, the soul loves,
here the flowing trains, here the crowds, equality, diversity, the
    soul loves.

     6
land of lands and bards to corroborate!
of them standing among them, one lifts to the light a west-bred face,
to him the hereditary countenance bequeathd both mothers and fathers,
his first parts substances, earth, water, animals, trees,
built of the common stock, having room for far and near,
used to dispense with other lands, incarnating this land,
attracting it body and soul to himself, hanging on its neck with
    incomparable love,
plunging his seminal muscle into its merits and demerits,
making its cities, beginnings, events, diversities, wars, vocal in him,
making its rivers, lakes, bays, embouchure in him,
mississippi with yearly freshets and changing chutes, columbia,
    niagara, hudson, spending themselves lovingly in him,
if the atlantic coast stretch or the pacific coast stretch, he
    stretching with them north or south,
spanning between them east and west, and touching whatever is between them,
growths growing from him to offset the growths of pine, cedar, hemlock,
    live-oak, locust, chestnut, hickory, cottonwood, orange, magnolia,
tangles as tangled in him as any canebrake or swamp,
he likening sides and peaks of mountains, forests coated with
    northern transparent ice,
off him pasturage sweet and natural as savanna, upland, prairie,
through him flights, whirls, screams, answering those of the
    fish-hawk, mocking-bird, night-heron, and eagle,
his spirit surrounding his countrys spirit, unclosed to good and evil,
surrounding the essences of real things, old times and present times,
surrounding just found shores, islands, tribes of red aborigines,
weather-beaten vessels, landings, settlements, embryo stature and muscle,
the haughty defiance of the year one, war, peace, the formation of
    the constitution,
the separate states, the simple elastic scheme, the immigrants,
the union always swarming with blatherers and always sure and impregnable,
the unsurveyd interior, log-houses, clearings, wild animals,
    hunters, trappers,
surrounding the multiform agriculture, mines, temperature, the
    gestation of new states,
congress convening every twelfth-month, the members duly coming
    up from the uttermost parts,
surrounding the noble character of mechanics and farmers, especially
    the young men,
responding their manners, speech, dress, friendships, the gait they
    have of persons who never knew how it felt to stand in the
    presence of superiors,
the freshness and candor of their physiognomy, the copiousness and
    decision of their phrenology,
the picturesque looseness of their carriage, their fierceness when wrongd,
the fluency of their speech, their delight in music, their curiosity,
    good temper and open-handedness, the whole composite make,
the prevailing ardor and enterprise, the large amativeness,
the perfect equality of the female with the male, the fluid movement
    of the population,
the superior marine, free commerce, fisheries, whaling, gold-digging,
wharf-hemmd cities, railroad and steamboat lines intersecting all points,
factories, mercantile life, labor-saving machinery, the northeast,
    northwest, southwest,
manhattan firemen, the yankee swap, southern plantation life,
slavery--the murderous, treacherous conspiracy to raise it upon the
    ruins of all the rest,
on and on to the grapple with it--assassin! then your life or ours
    be the stake, and respite no more.

     7
(lo, high toward heaven, this day,
libertad, from the conqueress field returnd,
i mark the new aureola around your head,
no more of soft astral, but dazzling and fierce,
with wars flames and the lambent lightnings playing,
and your port immovable where you stand,
with still the inextinguishable glance and the clinchd and lifted fist,
and your foot on the neck of the menacing one, the scorner utterly
    crushd beneath you,
the menacing arrogant one that strode and advanced with his
    senseless scorn, bearing the murderous knife,
the wide-swelling one, the braggart that would yesterday do so much,
to-day a carrion dead and damnd, the despised of all the earth,
an offal rank, to the dunghill maggots spurnd.)

     8
others take finish, but the republic is ever constructive and ever
    keeps vista,
others adorn the past, but you o days of the present, i adorn you,
o days of the future i believe in you--i isolate myself for your sake,
o america because you build for mankind i build for you,
o well-beloved stone-cutters, i lead them who plan with decision
    and science,
lead the present with friendly hand toward the future.
(bravas to all impulses sending sane children to the next age!
but damn that which spends itself with no thought of the stain,
    pains, dismay, feebleness, it is bequeathing.)

     9
i listened to the phantom by ontarios shore,
i heard the voice arising demanding bards,
by them all native and grand, by them alone can these states be
    fused into the compact organism of a nation.

to hold men together by paper and seal or by compulsion is no account,
that only holds men together which aggregates all in a living principle,
    as the hold of the limbs of the body or the fibres of plants.

of all races and eras these states with veins full of poetical stuff most
    need poets, and are to have the greatest, and use them the greatest,
their presidents shall not be their common referee so much as their
    poets shall.

(soul of love and tongue of fire!
eye to pierce the deepest deeps and sweep the world!
ah mother, prolific and full in all besides, yet how long barren, barren?)

     10
of these states the poet is the equable man,
not in him but off from him things are grotesque, eccentric, fail of
    their full returns,
nothing out of its place is good, nothing in its place is bad,
he bestows on every object or quality its fit proportion, neither
    more nor less,
he is the arbiter of the diverse, he is the key,
he is the equalizer of his age and land,
he supplies what wants supplying, he checks what wants checking,
in peace out of him speaks the spirit of peace, large, rich,
    thrifty, building populous towns, encouraging agriculture, arts,
    commerce, lighting the study of man, the soul, health,
    immortality, government,
in war he is the best backer of the war, he fetches artillery as
    good as the engineers, he can make every word he speaks draw blood,
the years straying toward infidelity he withholds by his steady faith,
he is no arguer, he is judgment, (nature accepts him absolutely,)
he judges not as the judge judges but as the sun failing round
    helpless thing,
as he sees the farthest he has the most faith,
his thoughts are the hymns of the praise of things,
in the dispute on god and eternity he is silent,
he sees eternity less like a play with a prologue and denouement,
he sees eternity in men and women, he does not see men and women
    as dreams or dots.

for the great idea, the idea of perfect and free individuals,
for that, the bard walks in advance, leader of leaders,
the attitude of him cheers up slaves and horrifies foreign despots.

without extinction is liberty, without retrograde is equality,
they live in the feelings of young men and the best women,
(not for nothing have the indomitable heads of the earth been always
    ready to fall for liberty.)

     11
for the great idea,
that, o my brethren, that is the mission of poets.

songs of stern defiance ever ready,
songs of the rapid arming and the march,
the flag of peace quick-folded, and instead the flag we know,
warlike flag of the great idea.

(angry cloth i saw there leaping!
i stand again in leaden rain your flapping folds saluting,
i sing you over all, flying beckoning through the fight--o the
    hard-contested fight!
the cannons ope their rosy-flashing muzzles--the hurtled balls scream,
the battle-front forms amid the smoke--the volleys pour incessant
    from the line,
hark, the ringing word charge!--now the tussle and the furious
    maddening yells,
now the corpses tumble curld upon the ground,
cold, cold in death, for precious life of you,
angry cloth i saw there leaping.)

     12
are you he who would assume a place to teach or be a poet here in
    the states?
the place is august, the terms obdurate.

who would assume to teach here may well prepare himself body and mind,
he may well survey, ponder, arm, fortify, harden, make lithe himself,
he shall surely be questiond beforehand by me with many and stern questions.

who are you indeed who would talk or sing to america?
have you studied out the land, its idioms and men?
have you learnd the physiology, phrenology, politics, geography,
    pride, freedom, friendship of the land? its substratums and objects?
have you considerd the organic compact of the first day of the
    first year of independence, signd by the commissioners, ratified
    by the states, and read by washington at the head of the army?
have you possessd yourself of the federal constitution?
do you see who have left all feudal processes and poems behind them,
    and assumed the poems and processes of democracy?
are you faithful to things? do you teach what the land and sea, the
    bodies of men, womanhood, amativeness, heroic angers, teach?
have you sped through fleeting customs, popularities?
can you hold your hand against all seductions, follies, whirls,
    fierce contentions? are you very strong? are you really of the
    whole people?
are you not of some coterie? some school or mere religion?
are you done with reviews and criticisms of life? animating now to
    life itself?
have you vivified yourself from the maternity of these states?
have you too the old ever-fresh forbearance and impartiality?
do you hold the like love for those hardening to maturity? for the
    last-born? little and big? and for the errant?

what is this you bring my america?
is it uniform with my country?
is it not something that has been better told or done before?
have you not imported this or the spirit of it in some ship?
is it not a mere tale? a rhyme? a prettiness?--is the good old cause in it?
has it not dangled long at the heels of the poets, politicians,
    literats, of enemies lands?
does it not assume that what is notoriously gone is still here?
does it answer universal needs? will it improve manners?
does it sound with trumpet-voice the proud victory of the union in
    that secession war?
can your performance face the open fields and the seaside?
will it absorb into me as i absorb food, air, to appear again in my
    strength, gait, face?
have real employments contributed to it? original makers, not mere
    amanuenses?
does it meet modern discoveries, calibres, facts, face to face?
what does it mean to american persons, progresses, cities? chicago,
    kanada, arkansas?
does it see behind the apparent custodians the real custodians
    standing, menacing, silent, the mechanics, manhattanese, western
    men, southerners, significant alike in their apathy, and in the
    promptness of their love?
does it see what finally befalls, and has always finally befallen,
    each temporizer, patcher, outsider, partialist, alarmist,
    infidel, who has ever askd any thing of america?
what mocking and scornful negligence?
the track strewd with the dust of skeletons,
by the roadside others disdainfully tossd.

     13
rhymes and rhymers pass away, poems distilld from poems pass away,
the swarms of reflectors and the polite pass, and leave ashes,
admirers, importers, obedient persons, make but the soil of literature,
america justifies itself, give it time, no disguise can deceive it
    or conceal from it, it is impassive enough,
only toward the likes of itself will it advance to meet them,
if its poets appear it will in due time advance to meet them, there
    is no fear of mistake,
(the proof of a poet shall be sternly deferrd till his country
    absorbs him as affectionately as he has absorbd it.)

he masters whose spirit masters, he tastes sweetest who results
    sweetest in the long run,
the blood of the brawn beloved of time is unconstraint;
in the need of songs, philosophy, an appropriate native grand-opera,
    shipcraft, any craft,
he or she is greatest who contributes the greatest original
    practical example.

already a nonchalant breed, silently emerging, appears on the streets,
peoples lips salute only doers, lovers, satisfiers, positive knowers,
there will shortly be no more priests, i say their work is done,
death is without emergencies here, but life is perpetual emergencies here,
are your body, days, manners, superb? after death you shall be superb,
justice, health, self-esteem, clear the way with irresistible power;
how dare you place any thing before a man?

     14
fall behind me states!
a man before all--myself, typical, before all.

give me the pay i have served for,
give me to sing the songs of the great idea, take all the rest,
i have loved the earth, sun, animals, i have despised riches,
i have given aims to every one that askd, stood up for the stupid
    and crazy, devoted my income and labor to others,
hated tyrants, argued not concerning god, had patience and indulgence
    toward the people, taken off my hat to nothing known or unknown,
gone freely with powerful uneducated persons and with the young,
    and with the mothers of families,
read these leaves to myself in the open air, tried them by trees,
    stars, rivers,
dismissd whatever insulted my own soul or defiled my body,
claimd nothing to myself which i have not carefully claimd for
    others on the same terms,
sped to the camps, and comrades found and accepted from every state,
(upon this breast has many a dying soldier leand to breathe his last,
this arm, this hand, this voice, have nourishd, raisd, restored,
to life recalling many a prostrate form;)
i am willing to wait to be understood by the growth of the taste of myself,
rejecting none, permitting all.

(say o mother, have i not to your thought been faithful?
have i not through life kept you and yours before me?)

     15
i swear i begin to see the meaning of these things,
it is not the earth, it is not america who is so great,
it is i who am great or to be great, it is you up there, or any one,
it is to walk rapidly through civilizations, governments, theories,
through poems, pageants, shows, to form individuals.

underneath all, individuals,
i swear nothing is good to me now that ignores individuals,
the american compact is altogether with individuals,
the only government is that which makes minute of individuals,
the whole theory of the universe is directed unerringly to one
    single individual--namely to you.

(mother! with subtle sense severe, with the naked sword in your hand,
i saw you at last refuse to treat but directly with individuals.)

     16
underneath all, nativity,
i swear i will stand by my own nativity, pious or impious so be it;
i swear i am charmd with nothing except nativity,
men, women, cities, nations, are only beautiful from nativity.

underneath all is the expression of love for men and women,
(i swear i have seen enough of mean and impotent modes of expressing
    love for men and women,
after this day i take my own modes of expressing love for men and
    women.) in myself,

i swear i will have each quality of my race in myself,
(talk as you like, he only suits these states whose manners favor
    the audacity and sublime turbulence of the states.)

underneath the lessons of things, spirits, nature, governments,
    ownerships, i swear i perceive other lessons,
underneath all to me is myself, to you yourself, (the same
    monotonous old song.)

     17
o i see flashing that this america is only you and me,
its power, weapons, testimony, are you and me,
its crimes, lies, thefts, defections, are you and me,
its congress is you and me, the officers, capitols, armies, ships,
    are you and me,
its endless gestations of new states are you and me,
the war, (that war so bloody and grim, the war i will henceforth
    forget), was you and me,
natural and artificial are you and me,
freedom, language, poems, employments, are you and me,
past, present, future, are you and me.

i dare not shirk any part of myself,
not any part of america good or bad,
not to build for that which builds for mankind,
not to balance ranks, complexions, creeds, and the sexes,
not to justify science nor the march of equality,
nor to feed the arrogant blood of the brawn belovd of time.

i am for those that have never been masterd,
for men and women whose tempers have never been masterd,
for those whom laws, theories, conventions, can never master.

i am for those who walk abreast with the whole earth,
who inaugurate one to inaugurate all.

i will not be outfaced by irrational things,
i will penetrate what it is in them that is sarcastic upon me,
i will make cities and civilizations defer to me,
this is what i have learnt from america--it is the amount, and it i
    teach again.

(democracy, while weapons were everywhere aimd at your breast,
i saw you serenely give birth to immortal children, saw in dreams
    your dilating form,
saw you with spreading mantle covering the world.)

     18
i will confront these shows of the day and night,
i will know if i am to be less than they,
i will see if i am not as majestic as they,
i will see if i am not as subtle and real as they,
i will see if i am to be less generous than they,
i will see if i have no meaning, while the houses and ships have meaning,
i will see if the fishes and birds are to be enough for themselves,
    and i am not to be enough for myself.

i match my spirit against yours you orbs, growths, mountains, brutes,
copious as you are i absorb you all in myself, and become the master myself,
america isolated yet embodying all, what is it finally except myself?
these states, what are they except myself?

i know now why the earth is gross, tantalizing, wicked, it is for my sake,
i take you specially to be mine, you terrible, rude forms.


(mother, bend down, bend close to me your face,
i know not what these plots and wars and deferments are for,
i know not fruitions success, but i know that through war and crime
    your work goes on, and must yet go on.)

     19
thus by blue ontarios shore,
while the winds fannd me and the waves came trooping toward me,
i thrilld with the powers pulsations, and the charm of my theme
    was upon me,
till the tissues that held me parted their ties upon me.

and i saw the free souls of poets,
the loftiest bards of past ages strode before me,
strange large men, long unwaked, undisclosed, were disclosed to me.

     20
o my rapt verse, my call, mock me not!
not for the bards of the past, not to invoke them have i launchd
    you forth,
not to call even those lofty bards here by ontarios shores,
have i sung so capricious and loud my savage song.

bards for my own land only i invoke,
(for the war the war is over, the field is cleard,)
till they strike up marches henceforth triumphant and onward,
to cheer o mother your boundless expectant soul.

bards of the great idea! bards of the peaceful inventions! (for the
    war, the war is over!)
yet bards of latent armies, a million soldiers waiting ever-ready,
bards with songs as from burning coals or the lightnings forkd stripes!
ample ohios, kanadas bards--bards of california! inland bards--
    bards of the war!
you by my charm i invoke.



}  reversals

let that which stood in front go behind,
let that which was behind advance to the front,
let bigots, fools, unclean persons, offer new propositions,
let the old propositions be postponed,
let a man seek pleasure everywhere except in himself,
let a woman seek happiness everywhere except in herself



[book xxiv.  autumn rivulets]

}  as consequent, etc.

as consequent from store of summer rains,
or wayward rivulets in autumn flowing,
or many a herb-lined brooks reticulations,
or subterranean sea-rills making for the sea,
songs of continued years i sing.

lifes ever-modern rapids first, (soon, soon to blend,
with the old streams of death.)

some threading ohios farm-fields or the woods,
some down colorados canons from sources of perpetual snow,
some half-hid in oregon, or away southward in texas,
some in the north finding their way to erie, niagara, ottawa,
some to atlanticas bays, and so to the great salt brine.

in you whoeer you are my book perusing,
in i myself, in all the world, these currents flowing,
all, all toward the mystic ocean tending.

currents for starting a continent new,
overtures sent to the solid out of the liquid,
fusion of ocean and land, tender and pensive waves,
(not safe and peaceful only, waves rousd and ominous too,
out of the depths the storms abysmic waves, who knows whence?
raging over the vast, with many a broken spar and tatterd sail.)

or from the sea of time, collecting vasting all, i bring,
a windrow-drift of weeds and shells.

o little shells, so curious-convolute, so limpid-cold and voiceless,
will you not little shells to the tympans of temples held,
murmurs and echoes still call up, eternitys music faint and far,
wafted inland, sent from atlanticas rim, strains for the soul of
    the prairies,
whisperd reverberations, chords for the ear of the west joyously sounding,
your tidings old, yet ever new and untranslatable,
infinitesimals out of my life, and many a life,
(for not my life and years alone i give--all, all i give,)
these waifs from the deep, cast high and dry,
washd on americas shores?



}  the return of the heroes

     1
for the lands and for these passionate days and for myself,
now i awhile retire to thee o soil of autumn fields,
reclining on thy breast, giving myself to thee,
answering the pulses of thy sane and equable heart,
turning a verse for thee.

o earth that hast no voice, confide to me a voice,
o harvest of my lands--o boundless summer growths,
o lavish brown parturient earth--o infinite teeming womb,
a song to narrate thee.

     2
ever upon this stage,
is acted gods calm annual drama,
gorgeous processions, songs of birds,
sunrise that fullest feeds and freshens most the soul,
the heaving sea, the waves upon the shore, the musical, strong waves,
the woods, the stalwart trees, the slender, tapering trees,
the liliput countless armies of the grass,
the heat, the showers, the measureless pasturages,
the scenery of the snows, the winds free orchestra,
the stretching light-hung roof of clouds, the clear cerulean and the
    silvery fringes,
the high-dilating stars, the placid beckoning stars,
the moving flocks and herds, the plains and emerald meadows,
the shows of all the varied lands and all the growths and products.

     3
fecund america--today,
thou art all over set in births and joys!
thou groanst with riches, thy wealth clothes thee as a swathing-garment,
thou laughest loud with ache of great possessions,
a myriad-twining life like interlacing vines binds all thy vast demesne,
as some huge ship freighted to waters edge thou ridest into port,
as rain falls from the heaven and vapors rise from earth, so have
    the precious values fallen upon thee and risen out of thee;
thou envy of the globe! thou miracle!
thou, bathed, choked, swimming in plenty,
thou lucky mistress of the tranquil barns,
thou prairie dame that sittest in the middle and lookest out upon
    thy world, and lookest east and lookest west,
dispensatress, that by a word givest a thousand miles, a million
    farms, and missest nothing,
thou all-acceptress--thou hospitable, (thou only art hospitable as
    god is hospitable.)

     4
when late i sang sad was my voice,
sad were the shows around me with deafening noises of hatred and
    smoke of war;
in the midst of the conflict, the heroes, i stood,
or passd with slow step through the wounded and dying.

but now i sing not war,
nor the measurd march of soldiers, nor the tents of camps,
nor the regiments hastily coming up deploying in line of battle;
no more the sad, unnatural shows of war.

askd room those flushd immortal ranks, the first forth-stepping armies?
ask room alas the ghastly ranks, the armies dread that followd.

(pass, pass, ye proud brigades, with your tramping sinewy legs,
with your shoulders young and strong, with your knapsacks and your muskets;
how elate i stood and watchd you, where starting off you marchd.

pass--then rattle drums again,
for an army heaves in sight, o another gathering army,
swarming, trailing on the rear, o you dread accruing army,
o you regiments so piteous, with your mortal diarrhoea, with your fever,
o my lands maimd darlings, with the plenteous bloody bandage and
    the crutch,
lo, your pallid army follows.)

     5
but on these days of brightness,
on the far-stretching beauteous landscape, the roads and lanes the
    high-piled farm-wagons, and the fruits and barns,
should the dead intrude?

ah the dead to me mar not, they fit well in nature,
they fit very well in the landscape under the trees and grass,
and along the edge of the sky in the horizons far margin.

nor do i forget you departed,
nor in winter or summer my lost ones,
but most in the open air as now when my soul is rapt and at peace,
    like pleasing phantoms,
your memories rising glide silently by me.

     6
i saw the day the return of the heroes,
(yet the heroes never surpassd shall never return,
them that day i saw not.)

i saw the interminable corps, i saw the processions of armies,
i saw them approaching, defiling by with divisions,
streaming northward, their work done, camping awhile in clusters of
    mighty camps.

no holiday soldiers--youthful, yet veterans,
worn, swart, handsome, strong, of the stock of homestead and workshop,
hardend of many a long campaign and sweaty march,
inured on many a hard-fought bloody field.

a pause--the armies wait,
a million flushd embattled conquerors wait,
the world too waits, then soft as breaking night and sure as dawn,
they melt, they disappear.

exult o lands! victorious lands!
not there your victory on those red shuddering fields,
but here and hence your victory.

melt, melt away ye armies--disperse ye blue-clad soldiers,
resolve ye back again, give up for good your deadly arms,
other the arms the fields henceforth for you, or south or north,
with saner wars, sweet wars, life-giving wars.

     7
loud o my throat, and clear o soul!
the season of thanks and the voice of full-yielding,
the chant of joy and power for boundless fertility.

all tilld and untilld fields expand before me,
i see the true arenas of my race, or first or last,
mans innocent and strong arenas.

i see the heroes at other toils,
i see well-wielded in their hands the better weapons.

i see where the mother of all,
with full-spanning eye gazes forth, dwells long,
and counts the varied gathering of the products.

busy the far, the sunlit panorama,
prairie, orchard, and yellow grain of the north,
cotton and rice of the south and louisianian cane,
open unseeded fallows, rich fields of clover and timothy,
kine and horses feeding, and droves of sheep and swine,
and many a stately river flowing and many a jocund brook,
and healthy uplands with herby-perfumed breezes,
and the good green grass, that delicate miracle the ever-recurring grass.

     8
toil on heroes! harvest the products!
not alone on those warlike fields the mother of all,
with dilated form and lambent eyes watchd you.

toil on heroes! toil well! handle the weapons well!
the mother of all, yet here as ever she watches you.

well-pleased america thou beholdest,
over the fields of the west those crawling monsters,
the human-divine inventions, the labor-saving implements;
beholdest moving in every direction imbued as with life the
    revolving hay-rakes,
the steam-power reaping-machines and the horse-power machines
the engines, thrashers of grain and cleaners of grain, well
    separating the straw, the nimble work of the patent pitchfork,
beholdest the newer saw-mill, the southern cotton-gin, and the
    rice-cleanser.

beneath thy look o maternal,
with these and else and with their own strong hands the heroes harvest.

all gather and all harvest,
yet but for thee o powerful, not a scythe might swing as now in security,
not a maize-stalk dangle as now its silken tassels in peace.

under thee only they harvest, even but a wisp of hay under thy great
    face only,
harvest the wheat of ohio, illinois, wisconsin, every barbed spear
    under thee,
harvest the maize of missouri, kentucky, tennessee, each ear in its
    light-green sheath,
gather the hay to its myriad mows in the odorous tranquil barns,
oats to their bins, the white potato, the buckwheat of michigan, to theirs;
gather the cotton in mississippi or alabama, dig and hoard the
    golden the sweet potato of georgia and the carolinas,
clip the wool of california or pennsylvania,
cut the flax in the middle states, or hemp or tobacco in the borders,
pick the pea and the bean, or pull apples from the trees or bunches
    of grapes from the vines,
or aught that ripens in all these states or north or south,
under the beaming sun and under thee.



}  there was a child went forth

there was a child went forth every day,
and the first object he lookd upon, that object he became,
and that object became part of him for the day or a certain part of the day,
or for many years or stretching cycles of years.

the early lilacs became part of this child,
and grass and white and red morning-glories, and white and red
    clover, and the song of the phoebe-bird,
and the third-month lambs and the sows pink-faint litter, and the
    mares foal and the cows calf,
and the noisy brood of the barnyard or by the mire of the pond-side,
and the fish suspending themselves so curiously below there, and the
    beautiful curious liquid,
and the water-plants with their graceful flat heads, all became part of him.

the field-sprouts of fourth-month and fifth-month became part of him,
winter-grain sprouts and those of the light-yellow corn, and the
    esculent roots of the garden,
and the apple-trees coverd with blossoms and the fruit afterward,
    and wood-berries, and the commonest weeds by the road,
and the old drunkard staggering home from the outhouse of the
    tavern whence he had lately risen,
and the schoolmistress that passd on her way to the school,
and the friendly boys that passd, and the quarrelsome boys,
and the tidy and fresh-cheekd girls, and the barefoot negro boy and girl,
and all the changes of city and country wherever he went.

his own parents, he that had fatherd him and she that had conceivd
    him in her womb and birthd him,
they gave this child more of themselves than that,
they gave him afterward every day, they became part of him.

the mother at home quietly placing the dishes on the supper-table,
the mother with mild words, clean her cap and gown, a wholesome
    odor falling off her person and clothes as she walks by,
the father, strong, self-sufficient, manly, mean, angerd, unjust,
the blow, the quick loud word, the tight bargain, the crafty lure,
the family usages, the language, the company, the furniture, the
    yearning and swelling heart,
affection that will not be gainsayd, the sense of what is real, the
    thought if after all it should prove unreal,
the doubts of day-time and the doubts of night-time, the curious
    whether and how,
whether that which appears so is so, or is it all flashes and specks?
men and women crowding fast in the streets, if they are not flashes
    and specks what are they?
the streets themselves and the facades of houses, and goods in the windows,
vehicles, teams, the heavy-plankd wharves, the huge crossing at
    the ferries,
the village on the highland seen from afar at sunset, the river between,
shadows, aureola and mist, the light falling on roofs and gables of
    white or brown two miles off,
the schooner near by sleepily dropping down the tide, the little
    boat slack-towd astern,
the hurrying tumbling waves, quick-broken crests, slapping,
the strata of colord clouds, the long bar of maroon-tint away
    solitary by itself, the spread of purity it lies motionless in,
the horizons edge, the flying sea-crow, the fragrance of salt marsh
    and shore mud,
these became part of that child who went forth every day, and who
    now goes, and will always go forth every day.



}  old ireland

far hence amid an isle of wondrous beauty,
crouching over a grave an ancient sorrowful mother,
once a queen, now lean and tatterd seated on the ground,
her old white hair drooping disheveld round her shoulders,
at her feet fallen an unused royal harp,
long silent, she too long silent, mourning her shrouded hope and heir,
of all the earth her heart most full of sorrow because most full of love.

yet a word ancient mother,
you need crouch there no longer on the cold ground with forehead
    between your knees,
o you need not sit there veild in your old white hair so disheveld,
for know you the one you mourn is not in that grave,
it was an illusion, the son you love was not really dead,
the lord is not dead, he is risen again young and strong in another country,
even while you wept there by your fallen harp by the grave,
what you wept for was translated, passd from the grave,
the winds favord and the sea saild it,
and now with rosy and new blood,
moves to-day in a new country.



}  the city dead-house

by the city dead-house by the gate,
as idly sauntering wending my way from the clangor,
i curious pause, for lo, an outcast form, a poor dead prostitute brought,
her corpse they deposit unclaimd, it lies on the damp brick pavement,
the divine woman, her body, i see the body, i look on it alone,
that house once full of passion and beauty, all else i notice not,
nor stillness so cold, nor running water from faucet, nor odors
    morbific impress me,
but the house alone--that wondrous house--that delicate fair house
    --that ruin!
that immortal house more than all the rows of dwellings ever built!
or white-domed capitol with majestic figure surmounted, or all the
    old high-spired cathedrals,
that little house alone more than them all--poor, desperate house!
fair, fearful wreck--tenement of a soul--itself a soul,
unclaimd, avoided house--take one breath from my tremulous lips,
take one tear dropt aside as i go for thought of you,
dead house of love--house of madness and sin, crumbled, crushd,
house of life, erewhile talking and laughing--but ah, poor house,
    dead even then,
months, years, an echoing, garnishd house--but dead, dead, dead.



}  this compost

     1
something startles me where i thought i was safest,
i withdraw from the still woods i loved,
i will not go now on the pastures to walk,
i will not strip the clothes from my body to meet my lover the sea,
i will not touch my flesh to the earth as to other flesh to renew me.

o how can it be that the ground itself does not sicken?
how can you be alive you growths of spring?
how can you furnish health you blood of herbs, roots, orchards, grain?
are they not continually putting distemperd corpses within you?
is not every continent workd over and over with sour dead?

where have you disposed of their carcasses?
those drunkards and gluttons of so many generations?
where have you drawn off all the foul liquid and meat?
i do not see any of it upon you to-day, or perhaps i am deceivd,
i will run a furrow with my plough, i will press my spade through
    the sod and turn it up underneath,
i am sure i shall expose some of the foul meat.

     2
behold this compost! behold it well!
perhaps every mite has once formd part of a sick person--yet behold!
the grass of spring covers the prairies,
the bean bursts noiselessly through the mould in the garden,
the delicate spear of the onion pierces upward,
the apple-buds cluster together on the apple-branches,
the resurrection of the wheat appears with pale visage out of its graves,
the tinge awakes over the willow-tree and the mulberry-tree,
the he-birds carol mornings and evenings while the she-birds sit on
    their nests,
the young of poultry break through the hatchd eggs,
the new-born of animals appear, the calf is dropt from the cow, the
    colt from the mare,
out of its little hill faithfully rise the potatos dark green leaves,
out of its hill rises the yellow maize-stalk, the lilacs bloom in
    the dooryards,
the summer growth is innocent and disdainful above all those strata
    of sour dead.

what chemistry!
that the winds are really not infectious,
that this is no cheat, this transparent green-wash of the sea which
    is so amorous after me,
that it is safe to allow it to lick my naked body all over with its tongues,
that it will not endanger me with the fevers that have deposited
    themselves in it,
that all is clean forever and forever,
that the cool drink from the well tastes so good,
that blackberries are so flavorous and juicy,
that the fruits of the apple-orchard and the orange-orchard, that
    melons, grapes, peaches, plums, will none of them poison me,
that when i recline on the grass i do not catch any disease,
though probably every spear of grass rises out of what was once
    catching disease.

now i am terrified at the earth, it is that calm and patient,
it grows such sweet things out of such corruptions,
it turns harmless and stainless on its axis, with such endless
    successions of diseasd corpses,
it distills such exquisite winds out of such infused fetor,
it renews with such unwitting looks its prodigal, annual, sumptuous crops,
it gives such divine materials to men, and accepts such leavings
    from them at last.



}  to a foild european revolutionaire

courage yet, my brother or my sister!
keep on--liberty is to be subservd whatever occurs;
that is nothing that is quelld by one or two failures, or any
    number of failures,
or by the indifference or ingratitude of the people, or by any
    unfaithfulness,
or the show of the tushes of power, soldiers, cannon, penal statutes.

what we believe in waits latent forever through all the continents,
invites no one, promises nothing, sits in calmness and light, is
    positive and composed, knows no discouragement,
waiting patiently, waiting its time.

(not songs of loyalty alone are these,
but songs of insurrection also,
for i am the sworn poet of every dauntless rebel the world over,
and he going with me leaves peace and routine behind him,
and stakes his life to be lost at any moment.)

the battle rages with many a loud alarm and frequent advance and retreat,
the infidel triumphs, or supposes he triumphs,
the prison, scaffold, garrote, handcuffs, iron necklace and
    leadballs do their work,
the named and unnamed heroes pass to other spheres,
the great speakers and writers are exiled, they lie sick in distant lands,
the cause is asleep, the strongest throats are choked with their own blood,
the young men droop their eyelashes toward the ground when they meet;
but for all this liberty has not gone out of the place, nor the
    infidel enterd into full possession.

when liberty goes out of a place it is not the first to go, nor the
    second or third to go,
it waits for all the rest to go, it is the last.

when there are no more memories of heroes and martyrs,
and when all life and all the souls of men and women are discharged
    from any part of the earth,
then only shall liberty or the idea of liberty be discharged from
    that part of the earth,
and the infidel come into full possession.

then courage european revolter, revoltress!
for till all ceases neither must you cease.

i do not know what you are for, (i do not know what i am for myself,
    nor what any thing is for,)
but i will search carefully for it even in being foild,
in defeat, poverty, misconception, imprisonment--for they too are great.

did we think victory great?
so it is--but now it seems to me, when it cannot be helpd, that
    defeat is great,
and that death and dismay are great.



}  unnamed land

nations ten thousand years before these states, and many times ten
    thousand years before these states,
garnerd clusters of ages that men and women like us grew up and
    traveld their course and passd on,
what vast-built cities, what orderly republics, what pastoral tribes
    and nomads,
what histories, rulers, heroes, perhaps transcending all others,
what laws, customs, wealth, arts, traditions,
what sort of marriage, what costumes, what physiology and phrenology,
what of liberty and slavery among them, what they thought of death
    and the soul,
who were witty and wise, who beautiful and poetic, who brutish and
    undevelopd,
not a mark, not a record remains--and yet all remains.

o i know that those men and women were not for nothing, any more
    than we are for nothing,
i know that they belong to the scheme of the world every bit as much
    as we now belong to it.

afar they stand, yet near to me they stand,
some with oval countenances learnd and calm,
some naked and savage, some like huge collections of insects,
some in tents, herdsmen, patriarchs, tribes, horsemen,
some prowling through woods, some living peaceably on farms,
    laboring, reaping, filling barns,
some traversing paved avenues, amid temples, palaces, factories,
    libraries, shows, courts, theatres, wonderful monuments.
are those billions of men really gone?
are those women of the old experience of the earth gone?
do their lives, cities, arts, rest only with us?
did they achieve nothing for good for themselves?

i believe of all those men and women that filld the unnamed lands,
    every one exists this hour here or elsewhere, invisible to us.
in exact proportion to what he or she grew from in life, and out of
    what he or she did, felt, became, loved, sinnd, in life.

i believe that was not the end of those nations or any person of
    them, any more than this shall be the end of my nation, or of me;
of their languages, governments, marriage, literature, products,
    games, wars, manners, crimes, prisons, slaves, heroes, poets,
i suspect their results curiously await in the yet unseen world,
    counterparts of what accrued to them in the seen world,
i suspect i shall meet them there,
i suspect i shall there find each old particular of those unnamed lands.



}  song of prudence

manhattans streets i saunterd pondering,
on time, space, reality--on such as these, and abreast with them prudence.

the last explanation always remains to be made about prudence,
little and large alike drop quietly aside from the prudence that
    suits immortality.

the soul is of itself,
all verges to it, all has reference to what ensues,
all that a person does, says, thinks, is of consequence,
not a move can a man or woman make, that affects him or her in a day,
    month, any part of the direct lifetime, or the hour of death,
but the same affects him or her onward afterward through the
    indirect lifetime.

the indirect is just as much as the direct,
the spirit receives from the body just as much as it gives to the
    body, if not more.

not one word or deed, not venereal sore, discoloration, privacy of
    the onanist,
putridity of gluttons or rum-drinkers, peculation, cunning,
    betrayal, murder, seduction, prostitution,
but has results beyond death as really as before death.

charity and personal force are the only investments worth any thing.

no specification is necessary, all that a male or female does, that
    is vigorous, benevolent, clean, is so much profit to him or her,
in the unshakable order of the universe and through the whole scope
    of it forever.

who has been wise receives interest,
savage, felon, president, judge, farmer, sailor, mechanic, literat,
    young, old, it is the same,
the interest will come round--all will come round.

singly, wholly, to affect now, affected their time, will forever affect,
    all of the past and all of the present and all of the future,
all the brave actions of war and peace,
all help given to relatives, strangers, the poor, old, sorrowful,
    young children, widows, the sick, and to shunnd persons,
all self-denial that stood steady and aloof on wrecks, and saw
    others fill the seats of the boats,
all offering of substance or life for the good old cause, or for a
    friends sake, or opinions sake,
all pains of enthusiasts scoffd at by their neighbors,
all the limitless sweet love and precious suffering of mothers,
all honest men baffled in strifes recorded or unrecorded,
all the grandeur and good of ancient nations whose fragments we inherit,
all the good of the dozens of ancient nations unknown to us by name,
    date, location,
all that was ever manfully begun, whether it succeeded or no,
all suggestions of the divine mind of man or the divinity of his
    mouth, or the shaping of his great hands,
all that is well thought or said this day on any part of the globe,
    or on any of the wandering stars, or on any of the fixd stars,
    by those there as we are here,
all that is henceforth to be thought or done by you whoever you are,
    or by any one,
these inure, have inured, shall inure, to the identities from which
    they sprang, or shall spring.

did you guess any thing lived only its moment?
the world does not so exist, no parts palpable or impalpable so exist,
no consummation exists without being from some long previous
    consummation, and that from some other,
without the farthest conceivable one coming a bit nearer the
    beginning than any.

whatever satisfies souls is true;
prudence entirely satisfies the craving and glut of souls,
itself only finally satisfies the soul,
the soul has that measureless pride which revolts from every lesson
    but its own.

now i breathe the word of the prudence that walks abreast with time,
    space, reality,
that answers the pride which refuses every lesson but its own.

what is prudence is indivisible,
declines to separate one part of life from every part,
divides not the righteous from the unrighteous or the living from the dead,
matches every thought or act by its correlative,
knows no possible forgiveness or deputed atonement,
knows that the young man who composedly perild his life and lost it
    has done exceedingly well for himself without doubt,
that he who never perild his life, but retains it to old age in
    riches and ease, has probably achievd nothing for himself worth
    mentioning,
knows that only that person has really learnd who has learnd to
    prefer results,
who favors body and soul the same,
who perceives the indirect assuredly following the direct,
who in his spirit in any emergency whatever neither hurries nor
    avoids death.



}  the singer in the prison

        o sight of pity, shame and dole!
        o fearful thought--a convict soul.

     1
rang the refrain along the hall, the prison,
rose to the roof, the vaults of heaven above,
pouring in floods of melody in tones so pensive sweet and strong the
    like whereof was never heard,
reaching the far-off sentry and the armed guards, who ceasd their pacing,
making the hearers pulses stop for ecstasy and awe.

     2
the sun was low in the west one winter day,
when down a narrow aisle amid the thieves and outlaws of the land,
(there by the hundreds seated, sear-faced murderers, wily counterfeiters,
gatherd to sunday church in prison walls, the keepers round,
plenteous, well-armed, watching with vigilant eyes,)
calmly a lady walkd holding a little innocent child by either hand,
whom seating on their stools beside her on the platform,
she, first preluding with the instrument a low and musical prelude,
in voice surpassing all, sang forth a quaint old hymn.

     a soul confined by bars and bands,
     cries, help! o help! and wrings her hands,
     blinded her eyes, bleeding her breast,
     nor pardon finds, nor balm of rest.

     ceaseless she paces to and fro,
     o heart-sick days! o nights of woe!
     nor hand of friend, nor loving face,
     nor favor comes, nor word of grace.

     it was not i that sinnd the sin,
     the ruthless body draggd me in;
     though long i strove courageously,
     the body was too much for me.

     dear prisond soul bear up a space,
     for soon or late the certain grace;
     to set thee free and bear thee home,
     the heavenly pardoner death shall come.

        convict no more, nor shame, nor dole!
        depart--a god-enfranchisd soul!

     3
the singer ceasd,
one glance swept from her clear calm eyes oer all those upturnd faces,
strange sea of prison faces, a thousand varied, crafty, brutal,
    seamd and beauteous faces,
then rising, passing back along the narrow aisle between them,
while her gown touchd them rustling in the silence,
she vanishd with her children in the dusk.

while upon all, convicts and armed keepers ere they stirrd,
(convict forgetting prison, keeper his loaded pistol,)
a hush and pause fell down a wondrous minute,
with deep half-stifled sobs and sound of bad men bowd and moved to weeping,
and youths convulsive breathings, memories of home,
the mothers voice in lullaby, the sisters care, the happy childhood,
the long-pent spirit rousd to reminiscence;
a wondrous minute then--but after in the solitary night, to many,
    many there,
years after, even in the hour of death, the sad refrain, the tune,
    the voice, the words,
resumed, the large calm lady walks the narrow aisle,
the wailing melody again, the singer in the prison sings,

     o sight of pity, shame and dole!
     o fearful thought--a convict soul.



}  warble for lilac-time

warble me now for joy of lilac-time, (returning in reminiscence,)
sort me o tongue and lips for natures sake, souvenirs of earliest summer,
gather the welcome signs, (as children with pebbles or stringing shells,)
put in april and may, the hylas croaking in the ponds, the elastic air,
bees, butterflies, the sparrow with its simple notes,
blue-bird and darting swallow, nor forget the high-hole flashing his
    golden wings,
the tranquil sunny haze, the clinging smoke, the vapor,
shimmer of waters with fish in them, the cerulean above,
all that is jocund and sparkling, the brooks running,
the maple woods, the crisp february days and the sugar-making,
the robin where he hops, bright-eyed, brown-breasted,
with musical clear call at sunrise, and again at sunset,
or flitting among the trees of the apple-orchard, building the nest
    of his mate,
the melted snow of march, the willow sending forth its yellow-green sprouts,
for spring-time is here! the summer is here! and what is this in it
    and from it?
thou, soul, unloosend--the restlessness after i know not what;
come, let us lag here no longer, let us be up and away!
o if one could but fly like a bird!
o to escape, to sail forth as in a ship!
to glide with thee o soul, oer all, in all, as a ship oer the waters;
gathering these hints, the preludes, the blue sky, the grass, the
    morning drops of dew,
the lilac-scent, the bushes with dark green heart-shaped leaves,
wood-violets, the little delicate pale blossoms called innocence,
samples and sorts not for themselves alone, but for their atmosphere,
to grace the bush i love--to sing with the birds,
a warble for joy of returning in reminiscence.



}  outlines for a tomb [g. p., buried 1870]

     1
what may we chant, o thou within this tomb?
what tablets, outlines, hang for thee, o millionnaire?
the life thou livedst we know not,
but that thou walkdst thy years in barter, mid the haunts of
    brokers,
nor heroism thine, nor war, nor glory.

     2
silent, my soul,
with drooping lids, as waiting, ponderd,
turning from all the samples, monuments of heroes.

while through the interior vistas,
noiseless uprose, phantasmic, (as by night auroras of the north,)
lambent tableaus, prophetic, bodiless scenes,
spiritual projections.

in one, among the city streets a laborers home appeard,
after his days work done, cleanly, sweet-aird, the gaslight burning,
the carpet swept and a fire in the cheerful stove.

in one, the sacred parturition scene,
a happy painless mother birthd a perfect child.

in one, at a bounteous morning meal,
sat peaceful parents with contented sons.

in one, by twos and threes, young people,
hundreds concentring, walkd the paths and streets and roads,
toward a tall-domed school.

in one a trio beautiful,
grandmother, loving daughter, loving daughters daughter, sat,
chatting and sewing.

in one, along a suite of noble rooms,
mid plenteous books and journals, paintings on the walls, fine statuettes,
were groups of friendly journeymen, mechanics young and old,
reading, conversing.

all, all the shows of laboring life,
city and country, womens, mens and childrens,
their wants provided for, hued in the sun and tinged for once with joy,
marriage, the street, the factory, farm, the house-room, lodging-room,
labor and toll, the bath, gymnasium, playground, library, college,
the student, boy or girl, led forward to be taught,
the sick cared for, the shoeless shod, the orphan fatherd and motherd,
the hungry fed, the houseless housed;
(the intentions perfect and divine,
the workings, details, haply human.)

     3
o thou within this tomb,
from thee such scenes, thou stintless, lavish giver,
tallying the gifts of earth, large as the earth,
thy name an earth, with mountains, fields and tides.

nor by your streams alone, you rivers,
by you, your banks connecticut,
by you and all your teeming life old thames,
by you potomac laving the ground washington trod, by you patapsco,
you hudson, you endless mississippi--nor you alone,
but to the high seas launch, my thought, his memory.



}  out from behind this mask [to confront a portrait]

     1
out from behind this bending rough-cut mask,
these lights and shades, this drama of the whole,
this common curtain of the face containd in me for me, in you for
    you, in each for each,
(tragedies, sorrows, laughter, tears--0 heaven!
the passionate teeming plays this curtain hid!)
this glaze of gods serenest purest sky,
this film of satans seething pit,
this hearts geographys map, this limitless small continent, this
    soundless sea;
out from the convolutions of this globe,
this subtler astronomic orb than sun or moon, than jupiter, venus, mars,
this condensation of the universe, (nay here the only universe,
here the idea, all in this mystic handful wrapt;)
these burind eyes, flashing to you to pass to future time,
to launch and spin through space revolving sideling, from these to emanate,
to you whoeer you are--a look.

     2
a traveler of thoughts and years, of peace and war,
of youth long sped and middle age declining,
(as the first volume of a tale perused and laid away, and this the second,
songs, ventures, speculations, presently to close,)
lingering a moment here and now, to you i opposite turn,
as on the road or at some crevice door by chance, or opend window,
pausing, inclining, baring my head, you specially i greet,
to draw and clinch your soul for once inseparably with mine,
then travel travel on.



}  vocalism

     1
vocalism, measure, concentration, determination, and the divine
    power to speak words;
are you full-lungd and limber-lippd from long trial? from vigorous
    practice? from physique?
do you move in these broad lands as broad as they?
come duly to the divine power to speak words?
for only at last after many years, after chastity, friendship,
    procreation, prudence, and nakedness,
after treading ground and breasting river and lake,
after a loosend throat, after absorbing eras, temperaments, races,
    after knowledge, freedom, crimes,
after complete faith, after clarifyings, elevations, and removing
    obstructions,
after these and more, it is just possible there comes to a man,
    woman, the divine power to speak words;
then toward that man or that woman swiftly hasten all--none
    refuse, all attend,
armies, ships, antiquities, libraries, paintings, machines, cities,
    hate, despair, amity, pain, theft, murder, aspiration, form in
    close ranks,
they debouch as they are wanted to march obediently through the
    mouth of that man or that woman.

     2
o what is it in me that makes me tremble so at voices?
surely whoever speaks to me in the right voice, him or her i shall follow,
as the water follows the moon, silently, with fluid steps, anywhere
    around the globe.

all waits for the right voices;
where is the practisd and perfect organ? where is the developd soul?
for i see every word utterd thence has deeper, sweeter, new sounds,
    impossible on less terms.

i see brains and lips closed, tympans and temples unstruck,
until that comes which has the quality to strike and to unclose,
until that comes which has the quality to bring forth what lies
    slumbering forever ready in all words.



}  to him that was crucified

my spirit to yours dear brother,
do not mind because many sounding your name do not understand you,
i do not sound your name, but i understand you,
i specify you with joy o my comrade to salute you, and to salute
    those who are with you, before and since, and those to come also,
that we all labor together transmitting the same charge and succession,
we few equals indifferent of lands, indifferent of times,
we, enclosers of all continents, all castes, allowers of all theologies,
compassionaters, perceivers, rapport of men,
we walk silent among disputes and assertions, but reject not the
    disputers nor any thing that is asserted,
we hear the bawling and din, we are reachd at by divisions,
    jealousies, recriminations on every side,
they close peremptorily upon us to surround us, my comrade,
yet we walk unheld, free, the whole earth over, journeying up and
    down till we make our ineffaceable mark upon time and the diverse eras,
till we saturate time and eras, that the men and women of races,
    ages to come, may prove brethren and lovers as we are.



}  you felons on trial in courts

you felons on trial in courts,
you convicts in prison-cells, you sentenced assassins chaind and
    handcuffd with iron,
who am i too that i am not on trial or in prison?
me ruthless and devilish as any, that my wrists are not chaind with
    iron, or my ankles with iron?

you prostitutes flaunting over the trottoirs or obscene in your rooms,
who am i that i should call you more obscene than myself?

o culpable! i acknowledge--i expose!
(o admirers, praise not me--compliment not me--you make me wince,
i see what you do not--i know what you do not.)

inside these breast-bones i lie smutchd and choked,
beneath this face that appears so impassive hells tides continually run,
lusts and wickedness are acceptable to me,
i walk with delinquents with passionate love,
i feel i am of them--i belong to those convicts and prostitutes myself,
and henceforth i will not deny them--for how can i deny myself?



}  laws for creations

laws for creations,
for strong artists and leaders, for fresh broods of teachers and
    perfect literats for america,
for noble savans and coming musicians.
all must have reference to the ensemble of the world, and the
    compact truth of the world,
there shall be no subject too pronounced--all works shall illustrate
    the divine law of indirections.

what do you suppose creation is?
what do you suppose will satisfy the soul, except to walk free and
    own no superior?
what do you suppose i would intimate to you in a hundred ways, but
    that man or woman is as good as god?
and that there is no god any more divine than yourself?
and that that is what the oldest and newest myths finally mean?
and that you or any one must approach creations through such laws?



}  to a common prostitute

be composed--be at ease with me--i am walt whitman, liberal and
    lusty as nature,
not till the sun excludes you do i exclude you,
not till the waters refuse to glisten for you and the leaves to
    rustle for you, do my words refuse to glisten and rustle for you.

my girl i appoint with you an appointment, and i charge you that you
    make preparation to be worthy to meet me,
and i charge you that you be patient and perfect till i come.

till then i salute you with a significant look that you do not forget me.



}  i was looking a long while

i was looking a long while for intentions,
for a clew to the history of the past for myself, and for these
    chants--and now i have found it,
it is not in those paged fables in the libraries, (them i neither
    accept nor reject,)
it is no more in the legends than in all else,
it is in the present--it is this earth to-day,
it is in democracy--(the purport and aim of all the past,)
it is the life of one man or one woman to-day--the average man of to-day,
it is in languages, social customs, literatures, arts,
it is in the broad show of artificial things, ships, machinery,
    politics, creeds, modern improvements, and the interchange of nations,
all for the modern--all for the average man of to-day.



}  thought

of persons arrived at high positions, ceremonies, wealth,
    scholarships, and the like;
(to me all that those persons have arrived at sinks away from them,
    except as it results to their bodies and souls,
so that often to me they appear gaunt and naked,
and often to me each one mocks the others, and mocks himself or herself,
and of each one the core of life, namely happiness, is full of the
    rotten excrement of maggots,
and often to me those men and women pass unwittingly the true
    realities of life, and go toward false realities,
and often to me they are alive after what custom has served them,
    but nothing more,
and often to me they are sad, hasty, unwaked sonnambules walking the dusk.)



}  miracles

why, who makes much of a miracle?
as to me i know of nothing else but miracles,
whether i walk the streets of manhattan,
or dart my sight over the roofs of houses toward the sky,
or wade with naked feet along the beach just in the edge of the water,
or stand under trees in the woods,
or talk by day with any one i love, or sleep in the bed at night
    with any one i love,
or sit at table at dinner with the rest,
or look at strangers opposite me riding in the car,
or watch honey-bees busy around the hive of a summer forenoon,
or animals feeding in the fields,
or birds, or the wonderfulness of insects in the air,
or the wonderfulness of the sundown, or of stars shining so quiet
    and bright,
or the exquisite delicate thin curve of the new moon in spring;
these with the rest, one and all, are to me miracles,
the whole referring, yet each distinct and in its place.

to me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle,
every cubic inch of space is a miracle,
every square yard of the surface of the earth is spread with the same,
every foot of the interior swarms with the same.
to me the sea is a continual miracle,
the fishes that swim--the rocks--the motion of the waves--the
    ships with men in them,
what stranger miracles are there?



}  sparkles from the wheel

where the citys ceaseless crowd moves on the livelong day,
withdrawn i join a group of children watching, i pause aside with them.

by the curb toward the edge of the flagging,
a knife-grinder works at his wheel sharpening a great knife,
bending over he carefully holds it to the stone, by foot and knee,
with measurd tread he turns rapidly, as he presses with light but
    firm hand,
forth issue then in copious golden jets,
sparkles from the wheel.

the scene and all its belongings, how they seize and affect me,
the sad sharp-chinnd old man with worn clothes and broad
    shoulder-band of leather,
myself effusing and fluid, a phantom curiously floating, now here
    absorbd and arrested,
the group, (an unminded point set in a vast surrounding,)
the attentive, quiet children, the loud, proud, restive base of the streets,
the low hoarse purr of the whirling stone, the light-pressd blade,
diffusing, dropping, sideways-darting, in tiny showers of gold,
sparkles from the wheel.



}  to a pupil

is reform needed? is it through you?
the greater the reform needed, the greater the personality you need
    to accomplish it.

you! do you not see how it would serve to have eyes, blood,
    complexion, clean and sweet?
do you not see how it would serve to have such a body and soul that
    when you enter the crowd an atmosphere of desire and command
    enters with you, and every one is impressd with your personality?

o the magnet! the flesh over and over!
go, dear friend, if need be give up all else, and commence to-day to
    inure yourself to pluck, reality, self-esteem, definiteness,
    elevatedness,
rest not till you rivet and publish yourself of your own personality.



}  unfolded out of the folds

unfolded out of the folds of the woman man comes unfolded, and is
    always to come unfolded,
unfolded only out of the superbest woman of the earth is to come the
    superbest man of the earth,
unfolded out of the friendliest woman is to come the friendliest man,
unfolded only out of the perfect body of a woman can a man be
    formd of perfect body,
unfolded only out of the inimitable poems of woman can come the
    poems of man, (only thence have my poems come;)
unfolded out of the strong and arrogant woman i love, only thence
    can appear the strong and arrogant man i love,
unfolded by brawny embraces from the well-muscled woman
    love, only thence come the brawny embraces of the man,
unfolded out of the folds of the womans brain come all the folds
    of the mans brain, duly obedient,
unfolded out of the justice of the woman all justice is unfolded,
unfolded out of the sympathy of the woman is all sympathy;
a man is a great thing upon the earth and through eternity, but
    every of the greatness of man is unfolded out of woman;
first the man is shaped in the woman, he can then be shaped in himself.



}  what am i after all

what am i after all but a child, pleasd with the sound of my own
    name? repeating it over and over;
i stand apart to hear--it never tires me.

to you your name also;
did you think there was nothing but two or three pronunciations in
    the sound of your name?



}  kosmos

who includes diversity and is nature,
who is the amplitude of the earth, and the coarseness and sexuality of
    the earth, and the great charity of the earth, and the equilibrium also,
who has not lookd forth from the windows the eyes for nothing,
    or whose brain held audience with messengers for nothing,
who contains believers and disbelievers, who is the most majestic lover,
who holds duly his or her triune proportion of realism,
    spiritualism, and of the aesthetic or intellectual,
who having considerd the body finds all its organs and parts good,
who, out of the theory of the earth and of his or her body
    understands by subtle analogies all other theories,
the theory of a city, a poem, and of the large politics of these states;
who believes not only in our globe with its sun and moon, but in
    other globes with their suns and moons,
who, constructing the house of himself or herself, not for a day
    but for all time, sees races, eras, dates, generations,
the past, the future, dwelling there, like space, inseparable together.



}  others may praise what they like

others may praise what they like;
but i, from the banks of the running missouri, praise nothing in art
    or aught else,
till it has well inhaled the atmosphere of this river, also the
    western prairie-scent,
and exudes it all again.



}  who learns my lesson complete?

who learns my lesson complete?
boss, journeyman, apprentice, churchman and atheist,
the stupid and the wise thinker, parents and offspring, merchant,
    clerk, porter and customer,
editor, author, artist, and schoolboy--draw nigh and commence;
it is no lesson--it lets down the bars to a good lesson,
and that to another, and every one to another still.

the great laws take and effuse without argument,
i am of the same style, for i am their friend,
i love them quits and quits, i do not halt and make salaams.

i lie abstracted and hear beautiful tales of things and the reasons
    of things,
they are so beautiful i nudge myself to listen.

i cannot say to any person what i hear--i cannot say it to myself--
    it is very wonderful.

it is no small matter, this round and delicious globe moving so
    exactly in its orbit for ever and ever, without one jolt or
    the untruth of a single second,
i do not think it was made in six days, nor in ten thousand years,
    nor ten billions of years,
nor plannd and built one thing after another as an architect plans
    and builds a house.

i do not think seventy years is the time of a man or woman,
nor that seventy millions of years is the time of a man or woman,
nor that years will ever stop the existence of me, or any one else.

is it wonderful that i should be immortal? as every one is immortal;
i know it is wonderful, but my eyesight is equally wonderful, and
    how i was conceived in my mothers womb is equally wonderful,
and passd from a babe in the creeping trance of a couple of
    summers and winters to articulate and walk--all this is
    equally wonderful.

and that my soul embraces you this hour, and we affect each other
    without ever seeing each other, and never perhaps to see
    each other, is every bit as wonderful.

and that i can think such thoughts as these is just as wonderful,
and that i can remind you, and you think them and know them to
    be true, is just as wonderful.

and that the moon spins round the earth and on with the earth, is
    equally wonderful,
and that they balance themselves with the sun and stars is equally
    wonderful.



}  tests

all submit to them where they sit, inner, secure, unapproachable to
    analysis in the soul,
not traditions, not the outer authorities are the judges,
they are the judges of outer authorities and of all traditions,
they corroborate as they go only whatever corroborates themselves,
    and touches themselves;
for all that, they have it forever in themselves to corroborate far
    and near without one exception.



}  the torch

on my northwest coast in the midst of the night a fishermens group
    stands watching,
out on the lake that expands before them, others are spearing salmon,
the canoe, a dim shadowy thing, moves across the black water,
bearing a torch ablaze at the prow.



}  o star of france [1870-71]

o star of france,
the brightness of thy hope and strength and fame,
like some proud ship that led the fleet so long,
beseems to-day a wreck driven by the gale, a mastless hulk,
and mid its teeming maddend half-drownd crowds,
nor helm nor helmsman.

dim smitten star,
orb not of france alone, pale symbol of my soul, its dearest hopes,
the struggle and the daring, rage divine for liberty,
of aspirations toward the far ideal, enthusiasts dreams of brotherhood,
of terror to the tyrant and the priest.

star crucified--by traitors sold,
star panting oer a land of death, heroic land,
strange, passionate, mocking, frivolous land.

miserable! yet for thy errors, vanities, sins, i will not now rebuke thee,
thy unexampled woes and pangs have quelld them all,
and left thee sacred.

in that amid thy many faults thou ever aimedst highly,
in that thou wouldst not really sell thyself however great the price,
in that thou surely wakedst weeping from thy druggd sleep,
in that alone among thy sisters thou, giantess, didst rend the ones
    that shamed thee,
in that thou couldst not, wouldst not, wear the usual chains,
this cross, thy livid face, thy pierced hands and feet,
the spear thrust in thy side.

o star! o ship of france, beat back and baffled long!
bear up o smitten orb! o ship continue on!

sure as the ship of all, the earth itself,
product of deathly fire and turbulent chaos,
forth from its spasms of fury and its poisons,
issuing at last in perfect power and beauty,
onward beneath the sun following its course,
so thee o ship of france!

finishd the days, the clouds dispeld
the travail oer, the long-sought extrication,
when lo! reborn, high oer the european world,
(in gladness answering thence, as face afar to face, reflecting ours
    columbia,)
again thy star o france, fair lustrous star,
in heavenly peace, clearer, more bright than ever,
shall beam immortal.



}  the ox-tamer

in a far-away northern county in the placid pastoral region,
lives my farmer friend, the theme of my recitative, a famous tamer of oxen,
there they bring him the three-year-olds and the four-year-olds to
    break them,
he will take the wildest steer in the world and break him and tame him,
he will go fearless without any whip where the young bullock
    chafes up and down the yard,
the bullocks head tosses restless high in the air with raging eyes,
yet see you! how soon his rage subsides--how soon this tamer tames him;
see you! on the farms hereabout a hundred oxen young and old,
    and he is the man who has tamed them,
they all know him, all are affectionate to him;
see you! some are such beautiful animals, so lofty looking;
some are buff-colord, some mottled, one has a white line running
    along his back, some are brindled,
some have wide flaring horns (a good sign)--see you! the bright hides,
see, the two with stars on their foreheads--see, the round bodies
    and broad backs,
how straight and square they stand on their legs--what fine sagacious eyes!
how straight they watch their tamer--they wish him near them--how
    they turn to look after him!
what yearning expression! how uneasy they are when he moves away from them;
now i marvel what it can be he appears to them, (books, politics,
    poems, depart--all else departs,)
i confess i envy only his fascination--my silent, illiterate friend,
whom a hundred oxen love there in his life on farms,
in the northern county far, in the placid pastoral region.



}  an old mans thought of school
[for the inauguration of a public school, camden, new jersey, 1874]

an old mans thought of school,
an old man gathering youthful memories and blooms that youth itself cannot.

now only do i know you,
o fair auroral skies--o morning dew upon the grass!

and these i see, these sparkling eyes,
these stores of mystic meaning, these young lives,
building, equipping like a fleet of ships, immortal ships,
soon to sail out over the measureless seas,
on the souls voyage.

only a lot of boys and girls?
only the tiresome spelling, writing, ciphering classes?
only a public school?

ah more, infinitely more;
(as george fox raisd his warning cry, "is it this pile of brick and
    mortar, these dead floors, windows, rails, you call the church?
why this is not the church at all--the church is living, ever living
    souls.")

and you america,
cast you the real reckoning for your present?
the lights and shadows of your future, good or evil?
to girlhood, boyhood look, the teacher and the school.



}  wandering at morn

wandering at morn,
emerging from the night from gloomy thoughts, thee in my thoughts,
yearning for thee harmonious union! thee, singing bird divine!
thee coild in evil times my country, with craft and black dismay,
    with every meanness, treason thrust upon thee,
this common marvel i beheld--the parent thrush i watchd feeding its young,
the singing thrush whose tones of joy and faith ecstatic,
fail not to certify and cheer my soul.

there ponderd, felt i,
if worms, snakes, loathsome grubs, may to sweet spiritual songs be turnd,
if vermin so transposed, so used and blessd may be,
then may i trust in you, your fortunes, days, my country;
who knows but these may be the lessons fit for you?
from these your future song may rise with joyous trills,
destind to fill the world.



}  italian music in dakota
["the seventeenth--the finest regimental band i ever heard."]

through the soft evening air enwinding all,
rocks, woods, fort, cannon, pacing sentries, endless wilds,
in dulcet streams, in flutes and cornets notes,
electric, pensive, turbulent, artificial,
(yet strangely fitting even here, meanings unknown before,
subtler than ever, more harmony, as if born here, related here,
not to the citys frescod rooms, not to the audience of the opera house,
sounds, echoes, wandering strains, as really here at home,
sonnambulas innocent love, trios with normas anguish,
and thy ecstatic chorus poliuto;)
rayd in the limpid yellow slanting sundown,
music, italian music in dakota.

while nature, sovereign of this gnarld realm,
lurking in hidden barbaric grim recesses,
acknowledging rapport however far removd,
(as some old root or soil of earth its last-born flower or fruit,)
listens well pleasd.



}  with all thy gifts

with all thy gifts america,
standing secure, rapidly tending, overlooking the world,
power, wealth, extent, vouchsafed to thee--with these and like of
    these vouchsafed to thee,
what if one gift thou lackest? (the ultimate human problem never solving,)
the gift of perfect women fit for thee--what if that gift of gifts
    thou lackest?
the towering feminine of thee? the beauty, health, completion, fit for thee?
the mothers fit for thee?



}  my picture-gallery

in a little house keep i pictures suspended, it is not a fixd house,
it is round, it is only a few inches from one side to the other;
yet behold, it has room for all the shows of the world, all memories!
here the tableaus of life, and here the groupings of death;
here, do you know this? this is cicerone himself,
with finger raisd he points to the prodigal pictures.



}  the prairie states

a newer garden of creation, no primal solitude,
dense, joyous, modern, populous millions, cities and farms,
with iron interlaced, composite, tied, many in one,
by all the world contributed--freedoms and laws and thrifts society,
the crown and teeming paradise, so far, of times accumulations,
to justify the past.



[book xxv]

}  proud music of the storm

     1
proud music of the storm,
blast that careers so free, whistling across the prairies,
strong hum of forest tree-tops--wind of the mountains,
personified dim shapes--you hidden orchestras,
you serenades of phantoms with instruments alert,
blending with natures rhythmus all the tongues of nations;
you chords left as by vast composers--you choruses,
you formless, free, religious dances--you from the orient,
you undertone of rivers, roar of pouring cataracts,
you sounds from distant guns with galloping cavalry,
echoes of camps with all the different bugle-calls,
trooping tumultuous, filling the midnight late, bending me powerless,
entering my lonesome slumber-chamber, why have you seizd me?


    2
come forward o my soul, and let the rest retire,
listen, lose not, it is toward thee they tend,
parting the midnight, entering my slumber-chamber,
for thee they sing and dance o soul.

a festival song,
the duet of the bridegroom and the bride, a marriage-march,
with lips of love, and hearts of lovers filld to the brim with love,
the red-flushd cheeks and perfumes, the cortege swarming full of
    friendly faces young and old,
to flutes clear notes and sounding harps cantabile.

now loud approaching drums,
victoria! seest thou in powder-smoke the banners torn but flying?
    the rout of the baffled?
hearest those shouts of a conquering army?

(ah soul, the sobs of women, the wounded groaning in agony,
the hiss and crackle of flames, the blackend ruins, the embers of cities,
the dirge and desolation of mankind.)

now airs antique and mediaeval fill me,
i see and hear old harpers with their harps at welsh festivals,
i hear the minnesingers singing their lays of love,
i hear the minstrels, gleemen, troubadours, of the middle ages.

now the great organ sounds,
tremulous, while underneath, (as the hid footholds of the earth,
on which arising rest, and leaping forth depend,
all shapes of beauty, grace and strength, all hues we know,
green blades of grass and warbling birds, children that gambol and
    play, the clouds of heaven above,)
the strong base stands, and its pulsations intermits not,
bathing, supporting, merging all the rest, maternity of all the rest,
and with it every instrument in multitudes,
the players playing, all the worlds musicians,
the solemn hymns and masses rousing adoration,
all passionate heart-chants, sorrowful appeals,
the measureless sweet vocalists of ages,
and for their solvent setting earths own diapason,
of winds and woods and mighty ocean waves,
a new composite orchestra, binder of years and climes, ten-fold renewer,
as of the far-back days the poets tell, the paradiso,
the straying thence, the separation long, but now the wandering done,
the journey done, the journeyman come home,
and man and art with nature fused again.

tutti! for earth and heaven;
(the almighty leader now for once has signald with his wand.)

the manly strophe of the husbands of the world,
and all the wives responding.

the tongues of violins,
(i think o tongues ye tell this heart, that cannot tell itself,
this brooding yearning heart, that cannot tell itself.)

     3
ah from a little child,
thou knowest soul how to me all sounds became music,
my mothers voice in lullaby or hymn,
(the voice, o tender voices, memorys loving voices,
last miracle of all, o dearest mothers, sisters, voices;)
the rain, the growing corn, the breeze among the long-leavd corn,
the measurd sea-surf beating on the sand,
the twittering bird, the hawks sharp scream,
the wild-fowls notes at night as flying low migrating north or south,
the psalm in the country church or mid the clustering trees, the
    open air camp-meeting,
the fiddler in the tavern, the glee, the long-strung sailor-song,
the lowing cattle, bleating sheep, the crowing cock at dawn.

all songs of current lands come sounding round me,
the german airs of friendship, wine and love,
irish ballads, merry jigs and dances, english warbles,
chansons of france, scotch tunes, and oer the rest,
italias peerless compositions.

across the stage with pallor on her face, yet lurid passion,
stalks norma brandishing the dagger in her hand.

i see poor crazed lucias eyes unnatural gleam,
her hair down her back falls loose and disheveld.

i see where ernani walking the bridal garden,
amid the scent of night-roses, radiant, holding his bride by the hand,
hears the infernal call, the death-pledge of the horn.

to crossing swords and gray hairs bared to heaven,
the clear electric base and baritone of the world,
the trombone duo, libertad forever!
from spanish chestnut trees dense shade,
by old and heavy convent walls a wailing song,
song of lost love, the torch of youth and life quenchd in despair,
song of the dying swan, fernandos heart is breaking.

awaking from her woes at last retrievd amina sings,
copious as stars and glad as morning light the torrents of her joy.

(the teeming lady comes,
the lustrious orb, venus contralto, the blooming mother,
sister of loftiest gods, albonis self i hear.)

     4
i hear those odes, symphonies, operas,
i hear in the william tell the music of an arousd and angry people,
i hear meyerbeers huguenots, the prophet, or robert,
gounods faust, or mozarts don juan.

i hear the dance-music of all nations,
the waltz, some delicious measure, lapsing, bathing me in bliss,
the bolero to tinkling guitars and clattering castanets.

i see religious dances old and new,
i hear the sound of the hebrew lyre,
i see the crusaders marching bearing the cross on high, to the
    martial clang of cymbals,
i hear dervishes monotonously chanting, interspersd with frantic
    shouts, as they spin around turning always towards mecca,
i see the rapt religious dances of the persians and the arabs,
again, at eleusis, home of ceres, i see the modern greeks dancing,
i hear them clapping their hands as they bend their bodies,
i hear the metrical shuffling of their feet.

i see again the wild old corybantian dance, the performers wounding
    each other,
i see the roman youth to the shrill sound of flageolets throwing and
    catching their weapons,
as they fall on their knees and rise again.

i hear from the mussulman mosque the muezzin calling,
i see the worshippers within, nor form nor sermon, argument nor word,
but silent, strange, devout, raisd, glowing heads, ecstatic faces.

i hear the egyptian harp of many strings,
the primitive chants of the nile boatmen,
the sacred imperial hymns of china,
to the delicate sounds of the king, (the stricken wood and stone,)
or to hindu flutes and the fretting twang of the vina,
a band of bayaderes.

     5
now asia, africa leave me, europe seizing inflates me,
to organs huge and bands i hear as from vast concourses of voices,
luthers strong hymn eine feste burg ist unser gott,
rossinis stabat mater dolorosa,
or floating in some high cathedral dim with gorgeous colord windows,
the passionate agnus dei or gloria in excelsis.

composers! mighty maestros!
and you, sweet singers of old lands, soprani, tenori, bassi!
to you a new bard caroling in the west,
obeisant sends his love.

(such led to thee o soul,
all senses, shows and objects, lead to thee,
but now it seems to me sound leads oer all the rest.)

i hear the annual singing of the children in st. pauls cathedral,
or, under the high roof of some colossal hall, the symphonies,
    oratorios of beethoven, handel, or haydn,
the creation in billows of godhood laves me.

give me to hold all sounds, (i madly struggling cry,)
fill me with all the voices of the universe,
endow me with their throbbings, natures also,
the tempests, waters, winds, operas and chants, marches and dances,
utter, pour in, for i would take them all!

     6
then i woke softly,
and pausing, questioning awhile the music of my dream,
and questioning all those reminiscences, the tempest in its fury,
and all the songs of sopranos and tenors,
and those rapt oriental dances of religious fervor,
and the sweet varied instruments, and the diapason of organs,
and all the artless plaints of love and grief and death,
i said to my silent curious soul out of the bed of the slumber-chamber,
come, for i have found the clew i sought so long,
let us go forth refreshd amid the day,
cheerfully tallying life, walking the world, the real,
nourishd henceforth by our celestial dream.

and i said, moreover,
haply what thou hast heard o soul was not the sound of winds,
nor dream of raging storm, nor sea-hawks flapping wings nor harsh scream,
nor vocalism of sun-bright italy,
nor german organ majestic, nor vast concourse of voices, nor layers
    of harmonies,
nor strophes of husbands and wives, nor sound of marching soldiers,
nor flutes, nor harps, nor the bugle-calls of camps,
but to a new rhythmus fitted for thee,
poems bridging the way from life to death, vaguely wafted in night
    air, uncaught, unwritten,
which let us go forth in the bold day and write.



[book xxvi]

}  passage to india

     1
singing my days,
singing the great achievements of the present,
singing the strong light works of engineers,
our modern wonders, (the antique ponderous seven outvied,)
in the old world the east the suez canal,
the new by its mighty railroad spannd,
the seas inlaid with eloquent gentle wires;
yet first to sound, and ever sound, the cry with thee o soul,
the past! the past! the past!

the past--the dark unfathomd retrospect!
the teeming gulf--the sleepers and the shadows!
the past--the infinite greatness of the past!
for what is the present after all but a growth out of the past?
(as a projectile formd, impelld, passing a certain line, still keeps on,
so the present, utterly formd, impelld by the past.)

     2
passage o soul to india!
eclaircise the myths asiatic, the primitive fables.

not you alone proud truths of the world,
nor you alone ye facts of modern science,
but myths and fables of eld, asias, africas fables,
the far-darting beams of the spirit, the unloosd dreams,
the deep diving bibles and legends,
the daring plots of the poets, the elder religions;
o you temples fairer than lilies pourd over by the rising sun!
o you fables spurning the known, eluding the hold of the known,
    mounting to heaven!
you lofty and dazzling towers, pinnacled, red as roses, burnishd
    with gold!
towers of fables immortal fashiond from mortal dreams!
you too i welcome and fully the same as the rest!
you too with joy i sing.

passage to india!
lo, soul, seest thou not gods purpose from the first?
the earth to be spannd, connected by network,
the races, neighbors, to marry and be given in marriage,
the oceans to be crossd, the distant brought near,
the lands to be welded together.

a worship new i sing,
you captains, voyagers, explorers, yours,
you engineers, you architects, machinists, yours,
you, not for trade or transportation only,
but in gods name, and for thy sake o soul.

     3
passage to india!
lo soul for thee of tableaus twain,
i see in one the suez canal initiated, opend,
i see the procession of steamships, the empress engenies leading the van,
i mark from on deck the strange landscape, the pure sky, the level
    sand in the distance,
i pass swiftly the picturesque groups, the workmen gatherd,
the gigantic dredging machines.

in one again, different, (yet thine, all thine, o soul, the same,)
i see over my own continent the pacific railroad surmounting every barrier,
i see continual trains of cars winding along the platte carrying
    freight and passengers,
i hear the locomotives rushing and roaring, and the shrill steam-whistle,
i hear the echoes reverberate through the grandest scenery in the world,
i cross the laramie plains, i note the rocks in grotesque shapes,
    the buttes,
i see the plentiful larkspur and wild onions, the barren, colorless,
    sage-deserts,
i see in glimpses afar or towering immediately above me the great
    mountains, i see the wind river and the wahsatch mountains,
i see the monument mountain and the eagles nest, i pass the
    promontory, i ascend the nevadas,
i scan the noble elk mountain and wind around its base,
i see the humboldt range, i thread the valley and cross the river,
i see the clear waters of lake tahoe, i see forests of majestic pines,
or crossing the great desert, the alkaline plains, i behold
    enchanting mirages of waters and meadows,
marking through these and after all, in duplicate slender lines,
bridging the three or four thousand miles of land travel,
tying the eastern to the western sea,
the road between europe and asia.

(ah genoese thy dream! thy dream!
centuries after thou art laid in thy grave,
the shore thou foundest verifies thy dream.)

     4
passage to india!
struggles of many a captain, tales of many a sailor dead,
over my mood stealing and spreading they come,
like clouds and cloudlets in the unreachd sky.

along all history, down the slopes,
as a rivulet running, sinking now, and now again to the surface rising,
a ceaseless thought, a varied train--lo, soul, to thee, thy sight,
    they rise,
the plans, the voyages again, the expeditions;
again vasco de gama sails forth,
again the knowledge gaind, the mariners compass,
lands found and nations born, thou born america,
for purpose vast, mans long probation filld,
thou rondure of the world at last accomplishd.

     5
o vast rondure, swimming in space,
coverd all over with visible power and beauty,
alternate light and day and the teeming spiritual darkness,
unspeakable high processions of sun and moon and countless stars above,
below, the manifold grass and waters, animals, mountains, trees,
with inscrutable purpose, some hidden prophetic intention,
now first it seems my thought begins to span thee.

down from the gardens of asia descending radiating,
adam and eve appear, then their myriad progeny after them,
wandering, yearning, curious, with restless explorations,
with questionings, baffled, formless, feverish, with never-happy hearts,
with that sad incessant refrain, wherefore unsatisfied soul? and
    whither o mocking life?

ah who shall soothe these feverish children?
who justify these restless explorations?
who speak the secret of impassive earth?
who bind it to us? what is this separate nature so unnatural?
what is this earth to our affections? (unloving earth, without a
    throb to answer ours,
cold earth, the place of graves.)

yet soul be sure the first intent remains, and shall be carried out,
perhaps even now the time has arrived.

after the seas are all crossd, (as they seem already crossd,)
after the great captains and engineers have accomplishd their work,
after the noble inventors, after the scientists, the chemist, the
    geologist, ethnologist,
finally shall come the poet worthy that name,
the true son of god shall come singing his songs.

then not your deeds only o voyagers, o scientists and inventors,
    shall be justified,
all these hearts as of fretted children shall be soothd,
all affection shall be fully responded to, the secret shall be told,
all these separations and gaps shall be taken up and hookd and
    linkd together,
the whole earth, this cold, impassive, voiceless earth, shall be
    completely justified,
trinitas divine shall be gloriously accomplishd and compacted by
    the true son of god, the poet,
(he shall indeed pass the straits and conquer the mountains,
he shall double the cape of good hope to some purpose,)
nature and man shall be disjoind and diffused no more,
the true son of god shall absolutely fuse them.

     6
year at whose wide-flung door i sing!
year of the purpose accomplishd!
year of the marriage of continents, climates and oceans!
(no mere doge of venice now wedding the adriatic,)
i see o year in you the vast terraqueous globe given and giving all,
europe to asia, africa joind, and they to the new world,
the lands, geographies, dancing before you, holding a festival garland,
as brides and bridegrooms hand in hand.

passage to india!
cooling airs from caucasus far, soothing cradle of man,
the river euphrates flowing, the past lit up again.

lo soul, the retrospect brought forward,
the old, most populous, wealthiest of earths lands,
the streams of the indus and the ganges and their many affluents,
(i my shores of america walking to-day behold, resuming all,)
the tale of alexander on his warlike marches suddenly dying,
on one side china and on the other side persia and arabia,
to the south the great seas and the bay of bengal,
the flowing literatures, tremendous epics, religions, castes,
old occult brahma interminably far back, the tender and junior buddha,
central and southern empires and all their belongings, possessors,
the wars of tamerlane,the reign of aurungzebe,
the traders, rulers, explorers, moslems, venetians, byzantium, the
    arabs, portuguese,
the first travelers famous yet, marco polo, batouta the moor,
doubts to be solvd, the map incognita, blanks to be filld,
the foot of man unstayd, the hands never at rest,
thyself o soul that will not brook a challenge.

the mediaeval navigators rise before me,
the world of 1492, with its awakend enterprise,
something swelling in humanity now like the sap of the earth in spring,
the sunset splendor of chivalry declining.

and who art thou sad shade?
gigantic, visionary, thyself a visionary,
with majestic limbs and pious beaming eyes,
spreading around with every look of thine a golden world,
enhuing it with gorgeous hues.

as the chief histrion,
down to the footlights walks in some great scena,
dominating the rest i see the admiral himself,
(historys type of courage, action, faith,)
behold him sail from palos leading his little fleet,
his voyage behold, his return, his great fame,
his misfortunes, calumniators, behold him a prisoner, chaind,
behold his dejection, poverty, death.

(curious in time i stand, noting the efforts of heroes,
is the deferment long? bitter the slander, poverty, death?
lies the seed unreckd for centuries in the ground? lo, to gods due
    occasion,
uprising in the night, it sprouts, blooms,
and fills the earth with use and beauty.)

     7
passage indeed o soul to primal thought,
not lands and seas alone, thy own clear freshness,
the young maturity of brood and bloom,
to realms of budding bibles.

o soul, repressless, i with thee and thou with me,
thy circumnavigation of the world begin,
of man, the voyage of his minds return,
to reasons early paradise,
back, back to wisdoms birth, to innocent intuitions,
again with fair creation.

     8
o we can wait no longer,
we too take ship o soul,
joyous we too launch out on trackless seas,
fearless for unknown shores on waves of ecstasy to sail,
amid the wafting winds, (thou pressing me to thee, i thee to me, o soul,)
caroling free, singing our song of god,
chanting our chant of pleasant exploration.

with laugh and many a kiss,
(let others deprecate, let others weep for sin, remorse, humiliation,)
o soul thou pleasest me, i thee.

ah more than any priest o soul we too believe in god,
but with the mystery of god we dare not dally.

o soul thou pleasest me, i thee,
sailing these seas or on the hills, or waking in the night,
thoughts, silent thoughts, of time and space and death, like waters flowing,
bear me indeed as through the regions infinite,
whose air i breathe, whose ripples hear, lave me all over,
bathe me o god in thee, mounting to thee,
i and my soul to range in range of thee.

o thou transcendent,
nameless, the fibre and the breath,
light of the light, shedding forth universes, thou centre of them,
thou mightier centre of the true, the good, the loving,
thou moral, spiritual fountain--affections source--thou reservoir,
(o pensive soul of me--o thirst unsatisfied--waitest not there?
waitest not haply for us somewhere there the comrade perfect?)
thou pulse--thou motive of the stars, suns, systems,
that, circling, move in order, safe, harmonious,
athwart the shapeless vastnesses of space,
how should i think, how breathe a single breath, how speak, if, out
    of myself,
i could not launch, to those, superior universes?

swiftly i shrivel at the thought of god,
at nature and its wonders, time and space and death,
but that i, turning, call to thee o soul, thou actual me,
and lo, thou gently masterest the orbs,
thou matest time, smilest content at death,
and fillest, swellest full the vastnesses of space.

greater than stars or suns,
bounding o soul thou journeyest forth;
what love than thine and ours could wider amplify?
what aspirations, wishes, outvie thine and ours o soul?
what dreams of the ideal? what plans of purity, perfection, strength?
what cheerful willingness for others sake to give up all?
for others sake to suffer all?

reckoning ahead o soul, when thou, the time achievd,
the seas all crossd, weatherd the capes, the voyage done,
surrounded, copest, frontest god, yieldest, the aim attaind,
as filld with friendship, love complete, the elder brother found,
the younger melts in fondness in his arms.

     9
passage to more than india!
are thy wings plumed indeed for such far flights?
o soul, voyagest thou indeed on voyages like those?
disportest thou on waters such as those?
soundest below the sanscrit and the vedas?
then have thy bent unleashd.

passage to you, your shores, ye aged fierce enigmas!
passage to you, to mastership of you, ye strangling problems!
you, strewd with the wrecks of skeletons, that, living, never reachd you.

passage to more than india!
o secret of the earth and sky!
of you o waters of the sea! o winding creeks and rivers!
of you o woods and fields! of you strong mountains of my land!
of you o prairies! of you gray rocks!
o morning red! o clouds! o rain and snows!
o day and night, passage to you!


o sun and moon and all you stars! sirius and jupiter!
passage to you!

passage, immediate passage! the blood burns in my veins!
away o soul! hoist instantly the anchor!

cut the hawsers--haul out--shake out every sail!
have we not stood here like trees in the ground long enough?
have we not groveld here long enough, eating and drinking like mere brutes?
have we not darkend and dazed ourselves with books long enough?

sail forth--steer for the deep waters only,
reckless o soul, exploring, i with thee, and thou with me,
for we are bound where mariner has not yet dared to go,
and we will risk the ship, ourselves and all.

o my brave soul!
o farther farther sail!
o daring joy, but safe! are they not all the seas of god?
o farther, farther, farther sail!



[book xxvii]

}  prayer of columbus

a batterd, wreckd old man,
thrown on this savage shore, far, far from home,
pent by the sea and dark rebellious brows, twelve dreary months,
sore, stiff with many toils, sickend and nigh to death,
i take my way along the islands edge,
venting a heavy heart.

i am too full of woe!
haply i may not live another day;
i cannot rest o god, i cannot eat or drink or sleep,
till i put forth myself, my prayer, once more to thee,
breathe, bathe myself once more in thee, commune with thee,
report myself once more to thee.

thou knowest my years entire, my life,
my long and crowded life of active work, not adoration merely;
thou knowest the prayers and vigils of my youth,
thou knowest my manhoods solemn and visionary meditations,
thou knowest how before i commenced i devoted all to come to thee,
thou knowest i have in age ratified all those vows and strictly kept them,
thou knowest i have not once lost nor faith nor ecstasy in thee,
in shackles, prisond, in disgrace, repining not,
accepting all from thee, as duly come from thee.

all my emprises have been filld with thee,
my speculations, plans, begun and carried on in thoughts of thee,
sailing the deep or journeying the land for thee;
intentions, purports, aspirations mine, leaving results to thee.

o i am sure they really came from thee,
the urge, the ardor, the unconquerable will,
the potent, felt, interior command, stronger than words,
a message from the heavens whispering to me even in sleep,
these sped me on.

by me and these the work so far accomplishd,
by me earths elder cloyd and stifled lands uncloyd, unloosd,
by me the hemispheres rounded and tied, the unknown to the known.

the end i know not, it is all in thee,
or small or great i know not--haply what broad fields, what lands,
haply the brutish measureless human undergrowth i know,
transplanted there may rise to stature, knowledge worthy thee,
haply the swords i know may there indeed be turnd to reaping-tools,
haply the lifeless cross i know, europes dead cross, may bud and
    blossom there.

one effort more, my altar this bleak sand;
that thou o god my life hast lighted,
with ray of light, steady, ineffable, vouchsafed of thee,
light rare untellable, lighting the very light,
beyond all signs, descriptions, languages;
for that o god, be it my latest word, here on my knees,
old, poor, and paralyzed, i thank thee.

my terminus near,
the clouds already closing in upon me,
the voyage balkd, the course disputed, lost,
i yield my ships to thee.

my hands, my limbs grow nerveless,
my brain feels rackd, bewilderd,
let the old timbers part, i will not part,
i will cling fast to thee, o god, though the waves buffet me,
thee, thee at least i know.

is it the prophets thought i speak, or am i raving?
what do i know of life? what of myself?
i know not even my own work past or present,
dim ever-shifting guesses of it spread before me,
of newer better worlds, their mighty parturition,
mocking, perplexing me.

and these things i see suddenly, what mean they?
as if some miracle, some hand divine unseald my eyes,
shadowy vast shapes smile through the air and sky,
and on the distant waves sail countless ships,
and anthems in new tongues i hear saluting me.



[book xxviii]

}  the sleepers

     1
i wander all night in my vision,
stepping with light feet, swiftly and noiselessly stepping and stopping,
bending with open eyes over the shut eyes of sleepers,
wandering and confused, lost to myself, ill-assorted, contradictory,
pausing, gazing, bending, and stopping.

how solemn they look there, stretchd and still,
how quiet they breathe, the little children in their cradles.

the wretched features of ennuyes, the white features of corpses, the
    livid faces of drunkards, the sick-gray faces of onanists,
the gashd bodies on battle-fields, the insane in their
    strong-doord rooms, the sacred idiots, the new-born emerging
    from gates, and the dying emerging from gates,
the night pervades them and infolds them.

the married couple sleep calmly in their bed, he with his palm on
    the hip of the wife, and she with her palm on the hip of the husband,
the sisters sleep lovingly side by side in their bed,
the men sleep lovingly side by side in theirs,
and the mother sleeps with her little child carefully wrapt.

the blind sleep, and the deaf and dumb sleep,
the prisoner sleeps well in the prison, the runaway son sleeps,
the murderer that is to be hung next day, how does he sleep?
and the murderd person, how does he sleep?

the female that loves unrequited sleeps,
and the male that loves unrequited sleeps,
the head of the money-maker that plotted all day sleeps,
and the enraged and treacherous dispositions, all, all sleep.

i stand in the dark with drooping eyes by the worst-suffering and
    the most restless,
i pass my hands soothingly to and fro a few inches from them,
the restless sink in their beds, they fitfully sleep.

now i pierce the darkness, new beings appear,
the earth recedes from me into the night,
i saw that it was beautiful, and i see that what is not the earth is
    beautiful.

i go from bedside to bedside, i sleep close with the other sleepers
    each in turn,
i dream in my dream all the dreams of the other dreamers,
and i become the other dreamers.

i am a dance--play up there! the fit is whirling me fast!

i am the ever-laughing--it is new moon and twilight,
i see the hiding of douceurs, i see nimble ghosts whichever way look,
cache and cache again deep in the ground and sea, and where it is
    neither ground nor sea.

well do they do their jobs those journeymen divine,
only from me can they hide nothing, and would not if they could,
i reckon i am their boss and they make me a pet besides,
and surround me and lead me and run ahead when i walk,
to lift their cunning covers to signify me with stretchd arms, and
    resume the way;
onward we move, a gay gang of blackguards! with mirth-shouting
    music and wild-flapping pennants of joy!

i am the actor, the actress, the voter, the politician,
the emigrant and the exile, the criminal that stood in the box,
he who has been famous and he who shall be famous after to-day,
the stammerer, the well-formd person, the wasted or feeble person.

i am she who adornd herself and folded her hair expectantly,
my truant lover has come, and it is dark.

double yourself and receive me darkness,
receive me and my lover too, he will not let me go without him.

i roll myself upon you as upon a bed, i resign myself to the dusk.

he whom i call answers me and takes the place of my lover,
he rises with me silently from the bed.

darkness, you are gentler than my lover, his flesh was sweaty and panting,
i feel the hot moisture yet that he left me.

my hands are spread forth, i pass them in all directions,
i would sound up the shadowy shore to which you are journeying.

be careful darkness! already what was it touchd me?
i thought my lover had gone, else darkness and he are one,
i hear the heart-beat, i follow, i fade away.

     2
i descend my western course, my sinews are flaccid,
perfume and youth course through me and i am their wake.

it is my face yellow and wrinkled instead of the old womans,
i sit low in a straw-bottom chair and carefully darn my grandsons
    stockings.

it is i too, the sleepless widow looking out on the winter midnight,
i see the sparkles of starshine on the icy and pallid earth.

a shroud i see and i am the shroud, i wrap a body and lie in the coffin,
it is dark here under ground, it is not evil or pain here, it is
    blank here, for reasons.

(it seems to me that every thing in the light and air ought to be happy,
whoever is not in his coffin and the dark grave let him know he has enough.)

     3
i see a beautiful gigantic swimmer swimming naked through the eddies
    of the sea,
his brown hair lies close and even to his head, he strikes out with
    courageous arms, he urges himself with his legs,
i see his white body, i see his undaunted eyes,
i hate the swift-running eddies that would dash him head-foremost on
    the rocks.

what are you doing you ruffianly red-trickled waves?
will you kill the courageous giant? will you kill him in the prime
    of his middle age?

steady and long he struggles,
he is baffled, bangd, bruisd, he holds out while his strength
    holds out,
the slapping eddies are spotted with his blood, they bear him away,
    they roll him, swing him, turn him,
his beautiful body is borne in the circling eddies, it is
    continually bruisd on rocks,
swiftly and ought of sight is borne the brave corpse.

     4
i turn but do not extricate myself,
confused, a past-reading, another, but with darkness yet.

the beach is cut by the razory ice-wind, the wreck-guns sound,
the tempest lulls, the moon comes floundering through the drifts.

i look where the ship helplessly heads end on, i hear the burst as
    she strikes, i hear the howls of dismay, they grow fainter and fainter.

i cannot aid with my wringing fingers,
i can but rush to the surf and let it drench me and freeze upon me.

i search with the crowd, not one of the company is washd to us alive,
in the morning i help pick up the dead and lay them in rows in a barn.

     5
now of the older war-days, the defeat at brooklyn,
washington stands inside the lines, he stands on the intrenchd
    hills amid a crowd of officers.
his face is cold and damp, he cannot repress the weeping drops,
he lifts the glass perpetually to his eyes, the color is blanchd
    from his cheeks,
he sees the slaughter of the southern braves confided to him by
    their parents.

the same at last and at last when peace is declared,
he stands in the room of the old tavern, the well-belovd soldiers
    all pass through,
the officers speechless and slow draw near in their turns,
the chief encircles their necks with his arm and kisses them on the cheek,
he kisses lightly the wet cheeks one after another, he shakes hands
    and bids good-by to the army.

     6
now what my mother told me one day as we sat at dinner together,
of when she was a nearly grown girl living home with her parents on
    the old homestead.

a red squaw came one breakfast-time to the old homestead,
on her back she carried a bundle of rushes for rush-bottoming chairs,
her hair, straight, shiny, coarse, black, profuse, half-envelopd
    her face,
her step was free and elastic, and her voice sounded exquisitely as
    she spoke.

my mother lookd in delight and amazement at the stranger,
she lookd at the freshness of her tall-borne face and full and
    pliant limbs,
the more she lookd upon her she loved her,
never before had she seen such wonderful beauty and purity,
she made her sit on a bench by the jamb of the fireplace, she cookd
    food for her,
she had no work to give her, but she gave her remembrance and fondness.

the red squaw staid all the forenoon, and toward the middle of the
    afternoon she went away,
o my mother was loth to have her go away,
all the week she thought of her, she watchd for her many a month,
she rememberd her many a winter and many a summer,
but the red squaw never came nor was heard of there again.

     7
a show of the summer softness--a contact of something unseen--an
    amour of the light and air,
i am jealous and overwhelmd with friendliness,
and will go gallivant with the light and air myself.

o love and summer, you are in the dreams and in me,
autumn and winter are in the dreams, the farmer goes with his thrift,
the droves and crops increase, the barns are well-filld.

elements merge in the night, ships make tacks in the dreams,
the sailor sails, the exile returns home,
the fugitive returns unharmd, the immigrant is back beyond months
    and years,
the poor irishman lives in the simple house of his childhood with
    the well known neighbors and faces,
they warmly welcome him, he is barefoot again, he forgets he is well off,
the dutchman voyages home, and the scotchman and welshman voyage
    home, and the native of the mediterranean voyages home,
to every port of england, france, spain, enter well-filld ships,
the swiss foots it toward his hills, the prussian goes his way, the
    hungarian his way, and the pole his way,
the swede returns, and the dane and norwegian return.

the homeward bound and the outward bound,
the beautiful lost swimmer, the ennuye, the onanist, the female that
    loves unrequited, the money-maker,
the actor and actress, those through with their parts and those
    waiting to commence,
the affectionate boy, the husband and wife, the voter, the nominee
    that is chosen and the nominee that has faild,
the great already known and the great any time after to-day,
the stammerer, the sick, the perfect-formd, the homely,
the criminal that stood in the box, the judge that sat and sentenced
    him, the fluent lawyers, the jury, the audience,
the laugher and weeper, the dancer, the midnight widow, the red squaw,
the consumptive, the erysipalite, the idiot, he that is wrongd,
the antipodes, and every one between this and them in the dark,
i swear they are averaged now--one is no better than the other,
the night and sleep have likend them and restored them.

i swear they are all beautiful,
every one that sleeps is beautiful, every thing in the dim light is
    beautiful,
the wildest and bloodiest is over, and all is peace.

peace is always beautiful,
the myth of heaven indicates peace and night.

the myth of heaven indicates the soul,
the soul is always beautiful, it appears more or it appears less, it
    comes or it lags behind,
it comes from its embowerd garden and looks pleasantly on itself
    and encloses the world,
perfect and clean the genitals previously jetting,and perfect and
    clean the womb cohering,
the head well-grown proportiond and plumb, and the bowels and
    joints proportiond and plumb.

the soul is always beautiful,
the universe is duly in order, every thing is in its place,
what has arrived is in its place and what waits shall be in its place,
the twisted skull waits, the watery or rotten blood waits,
the child of the glutton or venerealee waits long, and the child of
    the drunkard waits long, and the drunkard himself waits long,
the sleepers that lived and died wait, the far advanced are to go on
    in their turns, and the far behind are to come on in their turns,
the diverse shall be no less diverse, but they shall flow and unite--
    they unite now.

     8
the sleepers are very beautiful as they lie unclothed,
they flow hand in hand over the whole earth from east to west as
    they lie unclothed,
the asiatic and african are hand in hand, the european and american
    are hand in hand,
learnd and unlearnd are hand in hand, and male and female are hand
    in hand,
the bare arm of the girl crosses the bare breast of her lover, they
    press close without lust, his lips press her neck,
the father holds his grown or ungrown son in his arms with
    measureless love, and the son holds the father in his arms with
    measureless love,
the white hair of the mother shines on the white wrist of the daughter,
the breath of the boy goes with the breath of the man, friend is
    inarmd by friend,
the scholar kisses the teacher and the teacher kisses the scholar,
    the wrong d made right,
the call of the slave is one with the masters call, and the master
    salutes the slave,
the felon steps forth from the prison, the insane becomes sane, the
    suffering of sick persons is relievd,
the sweatings and fevers stop, the throat that was unsound is sound,
    the lungs of the consumptive are resumed, the poor distressd
    head is free,
the joints of the rheumatic move as smoothly as ever, and smoother
    than ever,
stiflings and passages open, the paralyzed become supple,
the swelld and convulsd and congested awake to themselves in condition,
they pass the invigoration of the night and the chemistry of the
    night, and awake.

i too pass from the night,
i stay a while away o night, but i return to you again and love you.

why should i be afraid to trust myself to you?
i am not afraid, i have been well brought forward by you,
i love the rich running day, but i do not desert her in whom i lay so long,
i know not how i came of you and i know not where i go with you, but
    i know i came well and shall go well.

i will stop only a time with the night, and rise betimes,
i will duly pass the day o my mother, and duly return to you.



}  transpositions

let the reformers descend from the stands where they are forever
    bawling--let an idiot or insane person appear on each of the stands;
let judges and criminals be transposed--let the prison-keepers be
    put in prison--let those that were prisoners take the keys;
let them that distrust birth and death lead the rest.



[book xxix]

}  to think of time

    1
to think of time--of all that retrospection,
to think of to-day, and the ages continued henceforward.

have you guessd you yourself would not continue?
have you dreaded these earth-beetles?
have you feard the future would be nothing to you?

is to-day nothing? is the beginningless past nothing?
if the future is nothing they are just as surely nothing.

to think that the sun rose in the east--that men and women were
    flexible, real, alive--that every thing was alive,
to think that you and i did not see, feel, think, nor bear our part,
to think that we are now here and bear our part.

     2
not a day passes, not a minute or second without an accouchement,
not a day passes, not a minute or second without a corpse.

the dull nights go over and the dull days also,
the soreness of lying so much in bed goes over,
the physician after long putting off gives the silent and terrible
    look for an answer,
the children come hurried and weeping, and the brothers and sisters
    are sent for,
medicines stand unused on the shelf, (the camphor-smell has long
    pervaded the rooms,)
the faithful hand of the living does not desert the hand of the dying,
the twitching lips press lightly on the forehead of the dying,
the breath ceases and the pulse of the heart ceases,
the corpse stretches on the bed and the living look upon it,
it is palpable as the living are palpable.

the living look upon the corpse with their eyesight,
but without eyesight lingers a different living and looks curiously
    on the corpse.

     3
to think the thought of death merged in the thought of materials,
to think of all these wonders of city and country, and others taking
    great interest in them, and we taking no interest in them.

to think how eager we are in building our houses,
to think others shall be just as eager, and we quite indifferent.

(i see one building the house that serves him a few years, or
    seventy or eighty years at most,
i see one building the house that serves him longer than that.)

slow-moving and black lines creep over the whole earth--they never
    cease--they are the burial lines,
he that was president was buried, and he that is now president shall
    surely be buried.


    4
a reminiscence of the vulgar fate,
a frequent sample of the life and death of workmen,
each after his kind.

cold dash of waves at the ferry-wharf, posh and ice in the river,
    half-frozen mud in the streets,
a gray discouraged sky overhead, the short last daylight of december,
a hearse and stages, the funeral of an old broadway stage-driver,
    the cortege mostly drivers.

steady the trot to the cemetery, duly rattles the death-bell,
the gate is passd, the new-dug grave is halted at, the living
    alight, the hearse uncloses,
the coffin is passd out, lowerd and settled, the whip is laid on
    the coffin, the earth is swiftly shoveld in,
the mound above is flatted with the spades--silence,
a minute--no one moves or speaks--it is done,
he is decently put away--is there any thing more?

he was a good fellow, free-mouthd, quick-temperd, not bad-looking,
ready with life or death for a friend, fond of women, gambled, ate
    hearty, drank hearty,
had known what it was to be flush, grew low-spirited toward the
    last, sickend, was helpd by a contribution,
died, aged forty-one years--and that was his funeral.

thumb extended, finger uplifted, apron, cape, gloves, strap,
    wet-weather clothes, whip carefully chosen,
boss, spotter, starter, hostler, somebody loafing on you, you
    loafing on somebody, headway, man before and man behind,
good days work, bad days work, pet stock, mean stock, first out,
    last out, turning-in at night,
to think that these are so much and so nigh to other drivers, and he
    there takes no interest in them.

     5
the markets, the government, the working-mans wages, to think what
    account they are through our nights and days,
to think that other working-men will make just as great account of
    them, yet we make little or no account.

the vulgar and the refined, what you call sin and what you call
    goodness, to think how wide a difference,
to think the difference will still continue to others, yet we lie
    beyond the difference.

to think how much pleasure there is,
do you enjoy yourself in the city? or engaged in business? or
    planning a nomination and election? or with your wife and family?
or with your mother and sisters? or in womanly housework? or the
    beautiful maternal cares?
these also flow onward to others, you and i flow onward,
but in due time you and i shall take less interest in them.

your farm, profits, crops--to think how engrossd you are,
to think there will still be farms, profits, crops, yet for you of
    what avail?

     6
what will be will be well, for what is is well,
to take interest is well, and not to take interest shall be well.

the domestic joys, the dally housework or business, the building of
    houses, are not phantasms, they have weight, form, location,
farms, profits, crops, markets, wages, government, are none of them
    phantasms,
the difference between sin and goodness is no delusion,
the earth is not an echo, man and his life and all the things of his
    life are well-considerd.

you are not thrown to the winds, you gather certainly and safely
    around yourself,
yourself! yourself!. yourself, for ever and ever!

     7
it is not to diffuse you that you were born of your mother and
    father, it is to identify you,
it is not that you should be undecided, but that you should be decided,
something long preparing and formless is arrived and formd in you,
you are henceforth secure, whatever comes or goes.

the threads that were spun are gatherd, the wet crosses the warp,
    the pattern is systematic.

the preparations have every one been justified,
the orchestra have sufficiently tuned their instruments, the baton
    has given the signal.

the guest that was coming, he waited long, he is now housed,
he is one of those who are beautiful and happy, he is one of those
    that to look upon and be with is enough.

the law of the past cannot be eluded,
the law of the present and future cannot be eluded,
the law of the living cannot be eluded, it is eternal,
the law of promotion and transformation cannot be eluded,
the law of heroes and good-doers cannot be eluded,
the law of drunkards, informers, mean persons, not one iota thereof
    can be eluded.

     8
slow moving and black lines go ceaselessly over the earth,
northerner goes carried and southerner goes carried, and they on the
    atlantic side and they on the pacific,
and they between, and all through the mississippi country, and all
    over the earth.

the great masters and kosmos are well as they go, the heroes and
    good-doers are well,
the known leaders and inventors and the rich owners and pious and
    distinguishd may be well,
but there is more account than that, there is strict account of all.

the interminable hordes of the ignorant and wicked are not nothing,
the barbarians of africa and asia are not nothing,
the perpetual successions of shallow people are not nothing as they go.

of and in all these things,
i have dreamd that we are not to be changed so much, nor the law of
    us changed,
i have dreamd that heroes and good-doers shall be under the present
    and past law,
and that murderers, drunkards, liars, shall be under the present and
    past law,
for i have dreamd that the law they are under now is enough.

and i have dreamd that the purpose and essence of the known life,
    the transient,
is to form and decide identity for the unknown life, the permanent.

if all came but to ashes of dung,
if maggots and rats ended us, then alarum! for we are betrayd,
then indeed suspicion of death.

do you suspect death? if i were to suspect death i should die now,
do you think i could walk pleasantly and well-suited toward annihilation?

pleasantly and well-suited i walk,
whither i walk i cannot define, but i know it is good,
the whole universe indicates that it is good,
the past and the present indicate that it is good.

how beautiful and perfect are the animals!
how perfect the earth, and the minutest thing upon it!
what is called good is perfect, and what is called bad is just as perfect,
the vegetables and minerals are all perfect, and the imponderable
    fluids perfect;
slowly and surely they have passd on to this, and slowly and surely
    they yet pass on.

     9
i swear i think now that every thing without exception has an eternal soul!
the trees have, rooted in the ground! the weeds of the sea have! the
    animals!

i swear i think there is nothing but immortality!
that the exquisite scheme is for it, and the nebulous float is for
    it, and the cohering is for it!
and all preparation is for it--and identity is for it--and life and
    materials are altogether for it!



[book xxx.  whispers of heavenly death]

}  darest thou now o soul

darest thou now o soul,
walk out with me toward the unknown region,
where neither ground is for the feet nor any path to follow?

no map there, nor guide,
nor voice sounding, nor touch of human hand,
nor face with blooming flesh, nor lips, nor eyes, are in that land.

i know it not o soul,
nor dost thou, all is a blank before us,
all waits undreamd of in that region, that inaccessible land.

till when the ties loosen,
all but the ties eternal, time and space,
nor darkness, gravitation, sense, nor any bounds bounding us.

then we burst forth, we float,
in time and space o soul, prepared for them,
equal, equipt at last, (o joy! o fruit of all!) them to fulfil o soul.



}  whispers of heavenly death

whispers of heavenly death murmurd i hear,
labial gossip of night, sibilant chorals,
footsteps gently ascending, mystical breezes wafted soft and low,
ripples of unseen rivers, tides of a current flowing, forever flowing,
(or is it the plashing of tears? the measureless waters of human tears?)

i see, just see skyward, great cloud-masses,
mournfully slowly they roll, silently swelling and mixing,
with at times a half-dimmd saddend far-off star,
appearing and disappearing.

(some parturition rather, some solemn immortal birth;
on the frontiers to eyes impenetrable,
some soul is passing over.)



}  chanting the square deific

     1
chanting the square deific, out of the one advancing, out of the sides,
out of the old and new, out of the square entirely divine,
solid, four-sided, (all the sides needed,) from this side jehovah am i,
old brahm i, and i saturnius am;
not time affects me--i am time, old, modern as any,
unpersuadable, relentless, executing righteous judgments,
as the earth, the father, the brown old kronos, with laws,
aged beyond computation, yet never new, ever with those mighty laws rolling,
relentless i forgive no man--whoever sins dies--i will have that mans life;
therefore let none expect mercy--have the seasons, gravitation, the
    appointed days, mercy? no more have i,
but as the seasons and gravitation, and as all the appointed days
    that forgive not,
i dispense from this side judgments inexorable without the least remorse.

     2
consolator most mild, the promisd one advancing,
with gentle hand extended, the mightier god am i,
foretold by prophets and poets in their most rapt prophecies and poems,
from this side, lo! the lord christ gazes--lo! hermes i--lo! mine is
    hercules face,
all sorrow, labor, suffering, i, tallying it, absorb in myself,
many times have i been rejected, taunted, put in prison, and
    crucified, and many times shall be again,
all the world have i given up for my dear brothers and sisters
    sake, for the souls sake,
wanding my way through the homes of men, rich or poor, with the kiss
    of affection,
for i am affection, i am the cheer-bringing god, with hope and
    all-enclosing charity,
with indulgent words as to children, with fresh and sane words, mine only,
young and strong i pass knowing well i am destind myself to an
    early death;
but my charity has no death--my wisdom dies not, neither early nor late,
and my sweet love bequeathd here and elsewhere never dies.

     3
aloof, dissatisfied, plotting revolt,
comrade of criminals, brother of slaves,
crafty, despised, a drudge, ignorant,
with sudra face and worn brow, black, but in the depths of my heart,
    proud as any,
lifted now and always against whoever scorning assumes to rule me,
morose, full of guile, full of reminiscences, brooding, with many wiles,
(though it was thought i was baffled, and dispeld, and my wiles
    done, but that will never be,)
defiant, i, satan, still live, still utter words, in new lands duly
    appearing, (and old ones also,)
permanent here from my side, warlike, equal with any, real as any,
nor time nor change shall ever change me or my words.

     4
santa spirita, breather, life,
beyond the light, lighter than light,
beyond the flames of hell, joyous, leaping easily above hell,
beyond paradise, perfumed solely with mine own perfume,
including all life on earth, touching, including god, including
    saviour and satan,
ethereal, pervading all, (for without me what were all? what were god?)
essence of forms, life of the real identities, permanent, positive,
    (namely the unseen,)
life of the great round world, the sun and stars, and of man, i, the
    general soul,
here the square finishing, the solid, i the most solid,
breathe my breath also through these songs.



}  of him i love day and night

of him i love day and night i dreamd i heard he was dead,
and i dreamd i went where they had buried him i love, but he was
    not in that place,
and i dreamd i wanderd searching among burial-places to find him,
and i found that every place was a burial-place;
the houses full of life were equally full of death, (this house is now,)
the streets, the shipping, the places of amusement, the chicago,
    boston, philadelphia, the mannahatta, were as full of the dead as
    of the living,
and fuller, o vastly fuller of the dead than of the living;
and what i dreamd i will henceforth tell to every person and age,
and i stand henceforth bound to what i dreamd,
and now i am willing to disregard burial-places and dispense with them,
and if the memorials of the dead were put up indifferently everywhere,
    even in the room where i eat or sleep, i should be satisfied,
and if the corpse of any one i love, or if my own corpse, be duly
    renderd to powder and pourd in the sea, i shall be satisfied,
or if it be distributed to the winds i shall be satisfied.



}  yet, yet, ye downcast hours

yet, yet, ye downcast hours, i know ye also,
weights of lead, how ye clog and cling at my ankles,
earth to a chamber of mourning turns--i hear the oerweening, mocking
    voice,
matter is conqueror--matter, triumphant only, continues onward.

despairing cries float ceaselessly toward me,
the call of my nearest lover, putting forth, alarmd, uncertain,
the sea i am quickly to sail, come tell me,
come tell me where i am speeding, tell me my destination.

i understand your anguish, but i cannot help you,
i approach, hear, behold, the sad mouth, the look out of the eyes,
    your mute inquiry,
whither i go from the bed i recline on, come tell me,--
old age, alarmd, uncertain--a young womans voice, appealing to
    me for comfort;
a young mans voice, shall i not escape?



}  as if a phantom caressd me

as if a phantom caressd me,
i thought i was not alone walking here by the shore;
but the one i thought was with me as now i walk by the shore, the
    one i loved that caressd me,
as i lean and look through the glimmering light, that one has
    utterly disappeard.
and those appear that are hateful to me and mock me.



}  assurances

i need no assurances, i am a man who is preoccupied of his own soul;
i do not doubt that from under the feet and beside the hands and
    face i am cognizant of, are now looking faces i am not cognizant
    of, calm and actual faces,
i do not doubt but the majesty and beauty of the world are latent in
    any iota of the world,
i do not doubt i am limitless, and that the universes are limitless,
    in vain i try to think how limitless,
i do not doubt that the orbs and the systems of orbs play their
    swift sports through the air on purpose, and that i shall one day
    be eligible to do as much as they, and more than they,
i do not doubt that temporary affairs keep on and on millions of years,
i do not doubt interiors have their interiors, and exteriors have
    their exteriors, and that the eyesight has another eyesight, and
    the hearing another hearing, and the voice another voice,
i do not doubt that the passionately-wept deaths of young men are
    provided for, and that the deaths of young women and the
    deaths of little children are provided for,
(did you think life was so well provided for, and death, the purport
    of all life, is not well provided for?)
i do not doubt that wrecks at sea, no matter what the horrors of
    them, no matter whose wife, child, husband, father, lover, has
    gone down, are provided for, to the minutest points,
i do not doubt that whatever can possibly happen anywhere at any
    time, is provided for in the inherences of things,
i do not think life provides for all and for time and space, but i
    believe heavenly death provides for all.



}  quicksand years

quicksand years that whirl me i know not whither,
your schemes, politics, fail, lines give way, substances mock and elude me,
only the theme i sing, the great and strong-possessd soul, eludes not,
ones-self must never give way--that is the final substance--that
    out of all is sure,
out of politics, triumphs, battles, life, what at last finally remains?
when shows break up what but ones-self is sure?



}  that music always round me

that music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning, yet long
    untaught i did not hear,
but now the chorus i hear and am elated,
a tenor, strong, ascending with power and health, with glad notes of
    daybreak i hear,
a soprano at intervals sailing buoyantly over the tops of immense waves,
a transparent base shuddering lusciously under and through the universe,
the triumphant tutti, the funeral wailings with sweet flutes and
    violins, all these i fill myself with,
i hear not the volumes of sound merely, i am moved by the exquisite
    meanings,
i listen to the different voices winding in and out, striving,
    contending with fiery vehemence to excel each other in emotion;
i do not think the performers know themselves--but now i think
    begin to know them.



}  what ship puzzled at sea

what ship puzzled at sea, cons for the true reckoning?
or coming in, to avoid the bars and follow the channel a perfect
    pilot needs?
here, sailor! here, ship! take aboard the most perfect pilot,
whom, in a little boat, putting off and rowing, i hailing you offer.



}  a noiseless patient spider

a noiseless patient spider,
i markd where on a little promontory it stood isolated,
markd how to explore the vacant vast surrounding,
it launchd forth filament, filament, filament out of itself,
ever unreeling them, ever tirelessly speeding them.

and you o my soul where you stand,
surrounded, detached, in measureless oceans of space,
ceaselessly musing, venturing, throwing, seeking the spheres to
    connect them,
till the bridge you will need be formd, till the ductile anchor hold,
till the gossamer thread you fling catch somewhere, o my soul.



}  o living always, always dying

o living always, always dying!
o the burials of me past and present,
o me while i stride ahead, material, visible, imperious as ever;
o me, what i was for years, now dead, (i lament not, i am content;)
o to disengage myself from those corpses of me, which i turn and
    look at where i cast them,
to pass on, (o living! always living!) and leave the corpses behind.



}  to one shortly to die

from all the rest i single out you, having a message for you,
you are to die--let others tell you what they please, i cannot prevaricate,
i am exact and merciless, but i love you--there is no escape for you.

softly i lay my right hand upon you, you ust feel it,
i do not argue, i bend my head close and half envelop it,
i sit quietly by, i remain faithful,
i am more than nurse, more than parent or neighbor,
i absolve you from all except yourself spiritual bodily, that is
    eternal, you yourself will surely escape,
the corpse you will leave will be but excrementitious.

the sun bursts through in unlooked-for directions,
strong thoughts fill you and confidence, you smile,
you forget you are sick, as i forget you are sick,
you do not see the medicines, you do not mind the weeping friends,
    i am with you,
i exclude others from you, there is nothing to be commiserated,
i do not commiserate, i congratulate you.



}  night on the prairies

night on the prairies,
the supper is over, the fire on the ground burns low,
the wearied emigrants sleep, wrapt in their blankets;
i walk by myself--i stand and look at the stars, which i think now
    never realized before.

now i absorb immortality and peace,
i admire death and test propositions.

how plenteous! how spiritual! how resume!
the same old man and soul--the same old aspirations, and the same content.

i was thinking the day most splendid till i saw what the not-day exhibited,
i was thinking this globe enough till there sprang out so noiseless
    around me myriads of other globes.

now while the great thoughts of space and eternity fill me i will
    measure myself by them,
and now touchd with the lives of other globes arrived as far along
    as those of the earth,
or waiting to arrive, or passd on farther than those of the earth,
i henceforth no more ignore them than i ignore my own life,
or the lives of the earth arrived as far as mine, or waiting to arrive.

o i see now that life cannot exhibit all to me, as the day cannot,
i see that i am to wait for what will be exhibited by death.



}  thought

as i sit with others at a great feast, suddenly while the music is playing,
to my mind, (whence it comes i know not,) spectral in mist of a
    wreck at sea,
of certain ships, how they sail from port with flying streamers and
    wafted kisses, and that is the last of them,
of the solemn and murky mystery about the fate of the president,
of the flower of the marine science of fifty generations founderd
    off the northeast coast and going down--of the steamship arctic
    going down,
of the veild tableau-women gatherd together on deck, pale, heroic,
    waiting the moment that draws so close--o the moment!

a huge sob--a few bubbles--the white foam spirting up--and then the
    women gone,
sinking there while the passionless wet flows on--and i now
    pondering, are those women indeed gone?
are souls drownd and destroyd so?
is only matter triumphant?



}  the last invocation

at the last, tenderly,
from the walls of the powerful fortressd house,
from the clasp of the knitted locks, from the keep of the well-closed doors,
let me be wafted.

let me glide noiselessly forth;
with the key of softness unlock the locks--with a whisper,
set ope the doors o soul.

tenderly--be not impatient,
(strong is your hold o mortal flesh,
strong is your hold o love.)



}  as i watch the ploughman ploughing

as i watchd the ploughman ploughing,
or the sower sowing in the fields, or the harvester harvesting,
i saw there too, o life and death, your analogies;
(life, life is the tillage, and death is the harvest according.)



}  pensive and faltering

pensive and faltering,
the words the dead i write,
for living are the dead,
(haply the only living, only real,
and i the apparition, i the spectre.)



[book xxxi]

}  thou mother with thy equal brood

     1
thou mother with thy equal brood,
thou varied chain of different states, yet one identity only,
a special song before i go id sing oer all the rest,
for thee, the future.

id sow a seed for thee of endless nationality,
id fashion thy ensemble including body and soul,
id show away ahead thy real union, and how it may be accomplishd.

the paths to the house i seek to make,
but leave to those to come the house itself.

belief i sing, and preparation;
as life and nature are not great with reference to the present only,
but greater still from what is yet to come,
out of that formula for thee i sing.

     2
as a strong bird on pinions free,
joyous, the amplest spaces heavenward cleaving,
such be the thought id think of thee america,
such be the recitative id bring for thee.

the conceits of the poets of other lands id bring thee not,
nor the compliments that have served their turn so long,
nor rhyme, nor the classics, nor perfume of foreign court or indoor
    library;
but an odor id bring as from forests of pine in maine, or breath of
    an illinois prairie,
with open airs of virginia or georgia or tennessee, or from texas
    uplands, or floridas glades,
or the saguenays black stream, or the wide blue spread of huron,
with presentment of yellowstones scenes, or yosemite,
and murmuring under, pervading all, id bring the rustling sea-sound,
that endlessly sounds from the two great seas of the world.

and for thy subtler sense subtler refrains dread mother,
preludes of intellect tallying these and thee, mind-formulas fitted
    for thee, real and sane and large as these and thee,
thou! mounting higher, diving deeper than we knew, thou
    transcendental union!
by thee fact to be justified, blended with thought,
thought of man justified, blended with god,
through thy idea, lo, the immortal reality!
through thy reality, lo, the immortal idea!

     3
brain of the new world, what a task is thine,
to formulate the modern--out of the peerless grandeur of the modern,
out of thyself, comprising science, to recast poems, churches, art,
(recast, may-be discard them, end them--maybe their work is done,
    who knows?)
by vision, hand, conception, on the background of the mighty past, the dead,
to limn with absolute faith the mighty living present.

and yet thou living present brain, heir of the dead, the old world brain,
thou that lay folded like an unborn babe within its folds so long,
thou carefully prepared by it so long--haply thou but unfoldest it,
    only maturest it,
it to eventuate in thee--the essence of the by-gone time containd in thee,
its poems, churches, arts, unwitting to themselves, destined with
    reference to thee;
thou but the apples, long, long, long a-growing,
the fruit of all the old ripening to-day in thee.

     4
sail, sail thy best, ship of democracy,
of value is thy freight, tis not the present only,
the past is also stored in thee,
thou holdest not the venture of thyself alone, not of the western
    continent alone,
earths resume entire floats on thy keel o ship, is steadied by thy spars,
with thee time voyages in trust, the antecedent nations sink or
    swim with thee,
with all their ancient struggles, martyrs, heroes, epics, wars, thou
    bearst the other continents,
theirs, theirs as much as thine, the destination-port triumphant;
steer then with good strong hand and wary eye o helmsman, thou
    carriest great companions,
venerable priestly asia sails this day with thee,
and royal feudal europe sails with thee.

     5
beautiful world of new superber birth that rises to my eyes,
like a limitless golden cloud filling the westernr sky,
emblem of general maternity lifted above all,
sacred shape of the bearer of daughters and sons,
out of thy teeming womb thy giant babes in ceaseless procession issuing,
acceding from such gestation, taking and giving continual strength
    and life,
world of the real--world of the twain in one,
world of the soul, born by the world of the real alone, led to
    identity, body, by it alone,
yet in beginning only, incalculable masses of composite precious materials,
by historys cycles forwarded, by every nation, language, hither sent,
ready, collected here, a freer, vast, electric world, to be
    constructed here,
(the true new world, the world of orbic science, morals, literatures
    to come,)
thou wonder world yet undefined, unformd, neither do i define thee,
how can i pierce the impenetrable blank of the future?
i feel thy ominous greatness evil as well as good,
i watch thee advancing, absorbing the present, transcending the past,
i see thy light lighting, and thy shadow shadowing, as if the entire globe,
but i do not undertake to define thee, hardly to comprehend thee,
i but thee name, thee prophesy, as now,
i merely thee ejaculate!

thee in thy future,
thee in thy only permanent life, career, thy own unloosend mind,
    thy soaring spirit,
thee as another equally needed sun, radiant, ablaze, swift-moving,
    fructifying all,
thee risen in potent cheerfulness and joy, in endless great hilarity,
scattering for good the cloud that hung so long, that weighd so
    long upon the mind of man,
the doubt, suspicion, dread, of gradual, certain decadence of man;
thee in thy larger, saner brood of female, male--thee in thy
    athletes, moral, spiritual, south, north, west, east,
(to thy immortal breasts, mother of all, thy every daughter, son,
    endeard alike, forever equal,)
thee in thy own musicians, singers, artists, unborn yet, but certain,
thee in thy moral wealth and civilization, (until which thy proudest
    material civilization must remain in vain,)
thee in thy all-supplying, all-enclosing worship--thee in no single
    bible, saviour, merely,
thy saviours countless, latent within thyself, thy bibles incessant
    within thyself, equal to any, divine as any,
(thy soaring course thee formulating, not in thy two great wars, nor
    in thy centurys visible growth,
but far more in these leaves and chants, thy chants, great mother!)
thee in an education grown of thee, in teachers, studies, students,
    born of thee,
thee in thy democratic fetes en-masse, thy high original festivals,
    operas, lecturers, preachers,
thee in thy ultimate, (the preparations only now completed, the
    edifice on sure foundations tied,)
thee in thy pinnacles, intellect, thought, thy topmost rational
    joys, thy love and godlike aspiration,
in thy resplendent coming literati, thy full-lungd orators, thy
    sacerdotal bards, kosmic savans,
these! these in thee, (certain to come,) to-day i prophesy.

     6
land tolerating all, accepting all, not for the good alone, all good
    for thee,
land in the realms of god to be a realm unto thyself,
under the rule of god to be a rule unto thyself.

(lo, where arise three peerless stars,
to be thy natal stars my country, ensemble, evolution, freedom,
set in the sky of law.)

land of unprecedented faith, gods faith,
thy soil, thy very subsoil, all upheavd,
the general inner earth so long so sedulously draped over, now hence
    for what it is boldly laid bare,
opend by thee to heavens light for benefit or bale.

not for success alone,
not to fair-sail unintermitted always,
the storm shall dash thy face, the murk of war and worse than war
    shall cover thee all over,
(wert capable of war, its tug and trials? be capable of peace, its trials,
for the tug and mortal strain of nations come at last in prosperous
    peace, not war;)
in many a smiling mask death shall approach beguiling thee, thou in
    disease shalt swelter,
the livid cancer spread its hideous claws, clinging upon thy
    breasts, seeking to strike thee deep within,
consumption of the worst, moral consumption, shall rouge thy face
    with hectic,
but thou shalt face thy fortunes, thy diseases, and surmount them all,
whatever they are to-day and whatever through time they may be,
they each and all shall lift and pass away and cease from thee,
while thou, times spirals rounding, out of thyself, thyself still
    extricating, fusing,
equable, natural, mystical union thou, (the mortal with immortal blent,)
shalt soar toward the fulfilment of the future, the spirit of the
    body and the mind,
the soul, its destinies.

the soul, its destinies, the real real,
(purport of all these apparitions of the real;)
in thee america, the soul, its destinies,
thou globe of globes! thou wonder nebulous!
by many a throe of heat and cold convulsd, (by these thyself solidifying,)
thou mental, moral orb--thou new, indeed new, spiritual world!
the present holds thee not--for such vast growth as thine,
for such unparalleld flight as thine, such brood as thine,
the future only holds thee and can hold thee.



}  a paumanok picture

two boats with nets lying off the sea-beach, quite still,
ten fishermen waiting--they discover a thick school of mossbonkers
    --they drop the joind seine-ends in the water,
the boats separate and row off, each on its rounding course to the
    beach, enclosing the mossbonkers,
the net is drawn in by a windlass by those who stop ashore,
some of the fishermen lounge in their boats, others stand
    ankle-deep in the water, poisd on strong legs,
the boats partly drawn up, the water slapping against them,
strewd on the sand in heaps and windrows, well out from the water,
    the green-backd spotted mossbonkers.



[book xxxii.  from noon to starry night]

}  thou orb aloft full-dazzling

thou orb aloft full-dazzling! thou hot october noon!
flooding with sheeny light the gray beach sand,
the sibilant near sea with vistas far and foam,
and tawny streaks and shades and spreading blue;
o sun of noon refulgent! my special word to thee.

hear me illustrious!
thy lover me, for always i have loved thee,
even as basking babe, then happy boy alone by some wood edge, thy
    touching-distant beams enough,
or man matured, or young or old, as now to thee i launch my invocation.

(thou canst not with thy dumbness me deceive,
i know before the fitting man all nature yields,
though answering not in words, the skies, trees, hear his voice--and
    thou o sun,
as for thy throes, thy perturbations, sudden breaks and shafts of
    flame gigantic,
i understand them, i know those flames, those perturbations well.)

thou that with fructifying heat and light,
oer myriad farms, oer lands and waters north and south,
oer mississippis endless course, oer texas grassy plains,
    kanadas woods,
oer all the globe that turns its face to thee shining in space,
thou that impartially enfoldest all, not only continents, seas,
thou that to grapes and weeds and little wild flowers givest so liberally,
shed, shed thyself on mine and me, with but a fleeting ray out of
    thy million millions,
strike through these chants.

nor only launch thy subtle dazzle and thy strength for these,
prepare the later afternoon of me myself--prepare my lengthening shadows,
prepare my starry nights.



}  faces

     1
sauntering the pavement or riding the country by-road, faces!
faces of friendship, precision, caution, suavity, ideality,
the spiritual-prescient face, the always welcome common benevolent face,
the face of the singing of music, the grand faces of natural lawyers
    and judges broad at the back-top,
the faces of hunters and fishers bulged at the brows, the shaved
    blanchd faces of orthodox citizens,
the pure, extravagant, yearning, questioning artists face,
the ugly face of some beautiful soul, the handsome detested or
    despised face,
the sacred faces of infants, the illuminated face of the mother of
    many children,
the face of an amour, the face of veneration,
the face as of a dream, the face of an immobile rock,
the face withdrawn of its good and bad, a castrated face,
a wild hawk, his wings clippd by the clipper,
a stallion that yielded at last to the thongs and knife of the gelder.

sauntering the pavement thus, or crossing the ceaseless ferry, faces
    and faces and faces,
i see them and complain not, and am content with all.

     2
do you suppose i could be content with all if i thought them their
    own finale?

this now is too lamentable a face for a man,
some abject louse asking leave to be, cringing for it,
some milk-nosed maggot blessing what lets it wrig to its hole.

this face is a dogs snout sniffing for garbage,
snakes nest in that mouth, i hear the sibilant threat.

this face is a haze more chill than the arctic sea,
its sleepy and wobbling icebergs crunch as they go.

this is a face of bitter herbs, this an emetic, they need no label,
and more of the drug-shelf, laudanum, caoutchouc, or hogs-lard.

this face is an epilepsy, its wordless tongue gives out the unearthly cry,
its veins down the neck distend, its eyes roll till they show
    nothing but their whites,
its teeth grit, the palms of the hands are cut by the turnd-in nails,
the man falls struggling and foaming to the ground, while he
    speculates well.

this face is bitten by vermin and worms,
and this is some murderers knife with a half-pulld scabbard.

this face owes to the sexton his dismalest fee,
an unceasing death-bell tolls there.

     3
features of my equals would you trick me with your creasd and
    cadaverous march?
well, you cannot trick me.

i see your rounded never-erased flow,
i see neath the rims of your haggard and mean disguises.

splay and twist as you like, poke with the tangling fores of fishes or rats,
youll be unmuzzled, you certainly will.

i saw the face of the most smeard and slobbering idiot they had at
    the asylum,
and i knew for my consolation what they knew not,
i knew of the agents that emptied and broke my brother,
the same wait to clear the rubbish from the fallen tenement,
and i shall look again in a score or two of ages,
and i shall meet the real landlord perfect and unharmd, every inch
    as good as myself.

     4
the lord advances, and yet advances,
always the shadow in front, always the reachd hand bringing up the
    laggards.

out of this face emerge banners and horses--o superb! i see what is coming,
i see the high pioneer-caps, see staves of runners clearing the way,
i hear victorious drums.

this face is a life-boat,
this is the face commanding and bearded, it asks no odds of the rest,
this face is flavord fruit ready for eating,
this face of a healthy honest boy is the programme of all good.

these faces bear testimony slumbering or awake,
they show their descent from the master himself.

off the word i have spoken i except not one--red, white, black, are
    all deific,
in each house is the ovum, it comes forth after a thousand years.

spots or cracks at the windows do not disturb me,
tall and sufficient stand behind and make signs to me,
i read the promise and patiently wait.

this is a full-grown lilys face,
she speaks to the limber-hippd man near the garden pickets,
come here she blushingly cries, come nigh to me limber-hippd man,
stand at my side till i lean as high as i can upon you,
fill me with albescent honey, bend down to me,
rub to me with your chafing beard, rub to my breast and shoulders.

     5
the old face of the mother of many children,
whist! i am fully content.

lulld and late is the smoke of the first-day morning,
it hangs low over the rows of trees by the fences,
it hangs thin by the sassafras and wild-cherry and cat-brier under them.

i saw the rich ladies in full dress at the soiree,
i heard what the singers were singing so long,
heard who sprang in crimson youth from the white froth and the water-blue.

behold a woman!
she looks out from her quaker cap, her face is clearer and more
    beautiful than the sky.

she sits in an armchair under the shaded porch of the farmhouse,
the sun just shines on her old white head.

her ample gown is of cream-hued linen,
her grandsons raised the flax, and her grand-daughters spun it with
    the distaff and the wheel.

the melodious character of the earth,
the finish beyond which philosophy cannot go and does not wish to go,
the justified mother of men.



}  the mystic trumpeter

     1
hark, some wild trumpeter, some strange musician,
hovering unseen in air, vibrates capricious tunes to-night.

i hear thee trumpeter, listening alert i catch thy notes,
now pouring, whirling like a tempest round me,
now low, subdued, now in the distance lost.

     2
come nearer bodiless one, haply in thee resounds
some dead composer, haply thy pensive life
was filld with aspirations high, unformd ideals,
waves, oceans musical, chaotically surging,
that now ecstatic ghost, close to me bending, thy cornet echoing, pealing,
gives out to no ones ears but mine, but freely gives to mine,
that i may thee translate.

     3
blow trumpeter free and clear, i follow thee,
while at thy liquid prelude, glad, serene,
the fretting world, the streets, the noisy hours of day withdraw,
a holy calm descends like dew upon me,
i walk in cool refreshing night the walks of paradise,
i scent the grass, the moist air and the roses;
thy song expands my numbd imbonded spirit, thou freest, launchest me,
floating and basking upon heavens lake.

     4
blow again trumpeter! and for my sensuous eyes,
bring the old pageants, show the feudal world.

what charm thy music works! thou makest pass before me,
ladies and cavaliers long dead, barons are in their castle halls,
    the troubadours are singing,
armd knights go forth to redress wrongs, some in quest of the holy graal;
i see the tournament, i see the contestants incased in heavy armor
    seated on stately champing horses,
i hear the shouts, the sounds of blows and smiting steel;
i see the crusaders tumultuous armies--hark, how the cymbals clang,
lo, where the monks walk in advance, bearing the cross on high.

     5
blow again trumpeter! and for thy theme,
take now the enclosing theme of all, the solvent and the setting,
love, that is pulse of all, the sustenance and the pang,
the heart of man and woman all for love,
no other theme but love--knitting, enclosing, all-diffusing love.

o how the immortal phantoms crowd around me!
i see the vast alembic ever working, i see and know the flames that
    heat the world,
the glow, the blush, the beating hearts of lovers,
so blissful happy some, and some so silent, dark, and nigh to death;
love, that is all the earth to lovers--love, that mocks time and space,
love, that is day and night--love, that is sun and moon and stars,
love, that is crimson, sumptuous, sick with perfume,
no other words but words of love, no other thought but love.

     6
blow again trumpeter--conjure wars alarums.

swift to thy spell a shuddering hum like distant thunder rolls,
lo, where the armd men hasten--lo, mid the clouds of dust the glint
    of bayonets,
i see the grime-faced cannoneers, i mark the rosy flash amid the
    smoke, i hear the cracking of the guns;
nor war alone--thy fearful music-song, wild player, brings every
    sight of fear,
the deeds of ruthless brigands, rapine, murder--i hear the cries for help!
i see ships foundering at sea, i behold on deck and below deck the
    terrible tableaus.

     7
o trumpeter, methinks i am myself the instrument thou playest,
thou meltst my heart, my brain--thou movest, drawest, changest
    them at will;
and now thy sullen notes send darkness through me,
thou takest away all cheering light, all hope,
i see the enslaved, the overthrown, the hurt, the opprest of the
    whole earth,
i feel the measureless shame and humiliation of my race, it becomes
    all mine,
mine too the revenges of humanity, the wrongs of ages, baffled feuds
    and hatreds,
utter defeat upon me weighs--all lost--the foe victorious,
(yet mid the ruins pride colossal stands unshaken to the last,
endurance, resolution to the last.)


    8
now trumpeter for thy close,
vouchsafe a higher strain than any yet,
sing to my soul, renew its languishing faith and hope,
rouse up my slow belief, give me some vision of the future,
give me for once its prophecy and joy.

o glad, exulting, culminating song!
a vigor more than earths is in thy notes,
marches of victory--man disenthrald--the conqueror at last,
hymns to the universal god from universal man--all joy!
a reborn race appears--a perfect world, all joy!
women and men in wisdom innocence and health--all joy!
riotous laughing bacchanals filld with joy!
war, sorrow, suffering gone--the rank earth purged--nothing but joy left!
the ocean filld with joy--the atmosphere all joy!
joy! joy! in freedom, worship, love! joy in the ecstasy of life!
enough to merely be! enough to breathe!
joy! joy! all over joy!



}  to a locomotive in winter

thee for my recitative,
thee in the driving storm even as now, the snow, the winter-day declining,
thee in thy panoply, thy measurd dual throbbing and thy beat convulsive,
thy black cylindric body, golden brass and silvery steel,
thy ponderous side-bars, parallel and connecting rods, gyrating,
    shuttling at thy sides,
thy metrical, now swelling pant and roar, now tapering in the distance,
thy great protruding head-light fixd in front,
thy long, pale, floating vapor-pennants, tinged with delicate purple,
the dense and murky clouds out-belching from thy smoke-stack,
thy knitted frame, thy springs and valves, the tremulous twinkle of
    thy wheels,
thy train of cars behind, obedient, merrily following,
through gale or calm, now swift, now slack, yet steadily careering;
type of the modern--emblem of motion and power--pulse of the continent,
for once come serve the muse and merge in verse, even as here i see thee,
with storm and buffeting gusts of wind and falling snow,
by day thy warning ringing bell to sound its notes,
by night thy silent signal lamps to swing.

fierce-throated beauty!
roll through my chant with all thy lawless music, thy swinging lamps
    at night,
thy madly-whistled laughter, echoing, rumbling like an earthquake,
    rousing all,
law of thyself complete, thine own track firmly holding,
(no sweetness debonair of tearful harp or glib piano thine,)
thy trills of shrieks by rocks and hills returnd,
launchd oer the prairies wide, across the lakes,
to the free skies unpent and glad and strong.



}  o magnet-south

o magnet-south! o glistening perfumed south! my south!
o quick mettle, rich blood, impulse and love! good and evil! o all
    dear to me!
o dear to me my birth-things--all moving things and the trees where
    i was born--the grains, plants, rivers,
dear to me my own slow sluggish rivers where they flow, distant,
    over flats of slivery sands or through swamps,
dear to me the roanoke, the savannah, the altamahaw, the pedee, the
    tombigbee, the santee, the coosa and the sabine,
o pensive, far away wandering, i return with my soul to haunt their
    banks again,
again in florida i float on transparent lakes, i float on the
    okeechobee, i cross the hummock-land or through pleasant openings
    or dense forests,
i see the parrots in the woods, i see the papaw-tree and the
    blossoming titi;
again, sailing in my coaster on deck, i coast off georgia, i coast
    up the carolinas,
i see where the live-oak is growing, i see where the yellow-pine,
    the scented bay-tree, the lemon and orange, the cypress, the
    graceful palmetto,
i pass rude sea-headlands and enter pamlico sound through an inlet,
    and dart my vision inland;
o the cotton plant! the growing fields of rice, sugar, hemp!
the cactus guarded with thorns, the laurel-tree with large white flowers,
the range afar, the richness and barrenness, the old woods charged
    with mistletoe and trailing moss,
the piney odor and the gloom, the awful natural stillness, (here in
    these dense swamps the freebooter carries his gun, and the
    fugitive has his conceald hut;)
o the strange fascination of these half-known half-impassable
    swamps, infested by reptiles, resounding with the bellow of the
    alligator, the sad noises of the night-owl and the wild-cat, and
    the whirr of the rattlesnake,
the mocking-bird, the american mimic, singing all the forenoon,
    singing through the moon-lit night,
the humming-bird, the wild turkey, the raccoon, the opossum;
a kentucky corn-field, the tall, graceful, long-leavd corn,
    slender, flapping, bright green, with tassels, with beautiful
    ears each well-sheathd in its husk;
o my heart! o tender and fierce pangs, i can stand them not, i will depart;
o to be a virginian where i grew up! o to be a carolinian!
o longings irrepressible! o i will go back to old tennessee and
    never wander more.



}  mannahatta

i was asking for something specific and perfect for my city,
whereupon lo! upsprang the aboriginal name.

now i see what there is in a name, a word, liquid, sane, unruly,
    musical, self-sufficient,
i see that the word of my city is that word from of old,
because i see that word nested in nests of water-bays, superb,
rich, hemmd thick all around with sailships and steamships, an
    island sixteen miles long, solid-founded,
numberless crowded streets, high growths of iron, slender, strong,
    light, splendidly uprising toward clear skies,
tides swift and ample, well-loved by me, toward sundown,
the flowing sea-currents, the little islands, larger adjoining
    islands, the heights, the villas,
the countless masts, the white shore-steamers, the lighters, the
    ferry-boats, the black sea-steamers well-modeld,
the down-town streets, the jobbers houses of business, the houses
    of business of the ship-merchants and money-brokers, the river-streets,
immigrants arriving, fifteen or twenty thousand in a week,
the carts hauling goods, the manly race of drivers of horses, the
    brown-faced sailors,
the summer air, the bright sun shining, and the sailing clouds aloft,
the winter snows, the sleigh-bells, the broken ice in the river,
    passing along up or down with the flood-tide or ebb-tide,
the mechanics of the city, the masters, well-formd,
    beautiful-faced, looking you straight in the eyes,
trottoirs throngd, vehicles, broadway, the women, the shops and shows,
a million people--manners free and superb--open voices--hospitality--
    the most courageous and friendly young men,
city of hurried and sparkling waters! city of spires and masts!
city nested in bays! my city!



}  all is truth

o me, man of slack faith so long,
standing aloof, denying portions so long,
only aware to-day of compact all-diffused truth,
discovering to-day there is no lie or form of lie, and can be none,
    but grows as inevitably upon itself as the truth does upon itself,
or as any law of the earth or any natural production of the earth does.

(this is curious and may not be realized immediately, but it must be
    realized,
i feel in myself that i represent falsehoods equally with the rest,
and that the universe does.)

where has faild a perfect return indifferent of lies or the truth?
is it upon the ground, or in water or fire? or in the spirit of man?
    or in the meat and blood?

meditating among liars and retreating sternly into myself, i see
    that there are really no liars or lies after all,
and that nothing fails its perfect return, and that what are called
    lies are perfect returns,
and that each thing exactly represents itself and what has preceded it,
and that the truth includes all, and is compact just as much as
    space is compact,
and that there is no flaw or vacuum in the amount of the truth--but
    that all is truth without exception;
and henceforth i will go celebrate any thing i see or am,
and sing and laugh and deny nothing.



}  a riddle song

that which eludes this verse and any verse,
unheard by sharpest ear, unformd in clearest eye or cunningest mind,
nor lore nor fame, nor happiness nor wealth,
and yet the pulse of every heart and life throughout the world incessantly,
which you and i and all pursuing ever ever miss,
open but still a secret, the real of the real, an illusion,
costless, vouchsafed to each, yet never man the owner,
which poets vainly seek to put in rhyme, historians in prose,
which sculptor never chiseld yet, nor painter painted,
which vocalist never sung, nor orator nor actor ever utterd,
invoking here and now i challenge for my song.

indifferently, mid public, private haunts, in solitude,
behind the mountain and the wood,
companion of the citys busiest streets, through the assemblage,
it and its radiations constantly glide.

in looks of fair unconscious babes,
or strangely in the coffind dead,
or show of breaking dawn or stars by night,
as some dissolving delicate film of dreams,
hiding yet lingering.

two little breaths of words comprising it,
two words, yet all from first to last comprised in it.

how ardently for it!
how many ships have saild and sunk for it!

how many travelers started from their homes and neer returnd!
how much of genius boldly staked and lost for it!
what countless stores of beauty, love, venturd for it!
how all superbest deeds since time began are traceable to it--and
    shall be to the end!
how all heroic martyrdoms to it!
how, justified by it, the horrors, evils, battles of the earth!
how the bright fascinating lambent flames of it, in every age and
    land, have drawn mens eyes,
rich as a sunset on the norway coast, the sky, the islands, and the cliffs,
or midnights silent glowing northern lights unreachable.

haply gods riddle it, so vague and yet so certain,
the soul for it, and all the visible universe for it,
and heaven at last for it.



}  excelsior

who has gone farthest? for i would go farther,
and who has been just? for i would be the most just person of the earth,
and who most cautious? for i would be more cautious,
and who has been happiest? o i think it is i--i think no one was
    ever happier than i,
and who has lavishd all? for i lavish constantly the best i have,
and who proudest? for i think i have reason to be the proudest son
    alive--for i am the son of the brawny and tall-topt city,
and who has been bold and true? for i would be the boldest and
    truest being of the universe,
and who benevolent? for i would show more benevolence than all the rest,
and who has receivd the love of the most friends? for i know what
    it is to receive the passionate love of many friends,
and who possesses a perfect and enamourd body? for i do not believe
    any one possesses a more perfect or enamourd body than mine,
and who thinks the amplest thoughts? for i would surround those thoughts,
and who has made hymns fit for the earth? for i am mad with
    devouring ecstasy to make joyous hymns for the whole earth.



}  ah poverties, wincings, and sulky retreats

ah poverties, wincings, and sulky retreats,
ah you foes that in conflict have overcome me,
(for what is my life or any mans life but a conflict with foes, the
    old, the incessant war?)
you degradations, you tussle with passions and appetites,
you smarts from dissatisfied friendships, (ah wounds the sharpest of all!)
you toil of painful and choked articulations, you meannesses,
you shallow tongue-talks at tables, (my tongue the shallowest of any;)
you broken resolutions, you racking angers, you smotherd ennuis!
ah think not you finally triumph, my real self has yet to come forth,
it shall yet march forth oermastering, till all lies beneath me,
it shall yet stand up the soldier of ultimate victory.



}  thoughts

of public opinion,
of a calm and cool fiat sooner or later, (how impassive! how certain
    and final!)
of the president with pale face asking secretly to himself, what
    will the people say at last?
of the frivolous judge--of the corrupt congressman, governor,
    mayor--of such as these standing helpless and exposed,
of the mumbling and screaming priest, (soon, soon deserted,)
of the lessening year by year of venerableness, and of the dicta of
    officers, statutes, pulpits, schools,
of the rising forever taller and stronger and broader of the
    intuitions of men and women, and of self-esteem and personality;
of the true new world--of the democracies resplendent en-masse,
of the conformity of politics, armies, navies, to them,
of the shining sun by them--of the inherent light, greater than the rest,
of the envelopment of all by them, and the effusion of all from them.



}  mediums

they shall arise in the states,
they shall report nature, laws, physiology, and happiness,
they shall illustrate democracy and the kosmos,
they shall be alimentive, amative, perceptive,
they shall be complete women and men, their pose brawny and supple,
    their drink water, their blood clean and clear,
they shall fully enjoy materialism and the sight of products, they
    shall enjoy the sight of the beef, lumber, bread-stuffs, of
    chicago the great city.
they shall train themselves to go in public to become orators and
    oratresses,
strong and sweet shall their tongues be, poems and materials of
    poems shall come from their lives, they shall be makers and finders,
of them and of their works shall emerge divine conveyers, to convey gospels,
characters, events, retrospections, shall be conveyd in gospels,
    trees, animals, waters, shall be conveyd,
death, the future, the invisible faith, shall all be conveyd.



}  weave in, my hardy life

weave in, weave in, my hardy life,
weave yet a soldier strong and full for great campaigns to come,
weave in red blood, weave sinews in like ropes, the senses, sight weave in,
weave lasting sure, weave day and night the wet, the warp, incessant
    weave, tire not,
(we know not what the use o life, nor know the aim, the end, nor
    really aught we know,
but know the work, the need goes on and shall go on, the
    death-envelopd march of peace as well as war goes on,)
for great campaigns of peace the same the wiry threads to weave,
we know not why or what, yet weave, forever weave.



}  spain, 1873-74

out of the murk of heaviest clouds,
out of the feudal wrecks and heapd-up skeletons of kings,
out of that old entire european debris, the shatterd mummeries,
ruind cathedrals, crumble of palaces, tombs of priests,
lo, freedoms features fresh undimmd look forth--the same immortal
    face looks forth;
(a glimpse as of thy mothers face columbia,
a flash significant as of a sword,
beaming towards thee.)

nor think we forget thee maternal;
lagdst thou so long? shall the clouds close again upon thee?
ah, but thou hast thyself now appeard to us--we know thee,
thou hast given us a sure proof, the glimpse of thyself,
thou waitest there as everywhere thy time.



}  by broad potomacs shore

by broad potomacs shore, again old tongue,
(still uttering, still ejaculating, canst never cease this babble?)
again old heart so gay, again to you, your sense, the full flush
    spring returning,
again the freshness and the odors, again virginias summer sky,
    pellucid blue and silver,
again the forenoon purple of the hills,
again the deathless grass, so noiseless soft and green,
again the blood-red roses blooming.

perfume this book of mine o blood-red roses!
lave subtly with your waters every line potomac!
give me of you o spring, before i close, to put between its pages!
o forenoon purple of the hills, before i close, of you!
o deathless grass, of you!



}  from far dakotas canyons  [june 25, 1876]

from far dakotas canyons,
lands of the wild ravine, the dusky sioux, the lonesome stretch, the
    silence,
haply to-day a mournful wall, haply a trumpet-note for heroes.

the battle-bulletin,
the indian ambuscade, the craft, the fatal environment,
the cavalry companies fighting to the last in sternest heroism,
in the midst of their little circle, with their slaughterd horses
    for breastworks,
the fall of custer and all his officers and men.

continues yet the old, old legend of our race,
the loftiest of life upheld by death,
the ancient banner perfectly maintaind,
o lesson opportune, o how i welcome thee!

as sitting in dark days,
lone, sulky, through the times thick murk looking in vain for
    light, for hope,
from unsuspected parts a fierce and momentary proof,
(the sun there at the centre though conceald,
electric life forever at the centre,)
breaks forth a lightning flash.

thou of the tawny flowing hair in battle,
i erewhile saw, with erect head, pressing ever in front, bearing a
    bright sword in thy hand,
now ending well in death the splendid fever of thy deeds,
(i bring no dirge for it or thee, i bring a glad triumphal sonnet,)
desperate and glorious, aye in defeat most desperate, most glorious,
after thy many battles in which never yielding up a gun or a color,
leaving behind thee a memory sweet to soldiers,
thou yieldest up thyself.



}  old war-dreams

in midnight sleep of many a face of anguish,
of the look at first of the mortally wounded, (of that indescribable look,)
of the dead on their backs with arms extended wide,
     i dream, i dream, i dream.

of scenes of nature, fields and mountains,
of skies so beauteous after a storm, and at night the moon so
    unearthly bright,
shining sweetly, shining down, where we dig the trenches and
    gather the heaps,
     i dream, i dream, i dream.

long have they passd, faces and trenches and fields,
where through the carnage i moved with a callous composure, or away
    from the fallen,
onward i sped at the time--but now of their forms at night,
     i dream, i dream, i dream.



}  thick-sprinkled bunting

thick-sprinkled bunting! flag of stars!
long yet your road, fateful flag--long yet your road, and lined with
    bloody death,
for the prize i see at issue at last is the world,
all its ships and shores i see interwoven with your threads greedy banner;
dreamd again the flags of kings, highest borne to flaunt unrivald?
o hasten flag of man--o with sure and steady step, passing highest
    flags of kings,
walk supreme to the heavens mighty symbol--run up above them all,
flag of stars! thick-sprinkled bunting!



}  what best i see in thee
[to u. s. g. returnd from his worlds tour]

what best i see in thee,
is not that where thou movst down historys great highways,
ever undimmd by time shoots warlike victorys dazzle,
or that thou satst where washington sat, ruling the land in peace,
or thou the man whom feudal europe feted, venerable asia swarmd upon,
who walkd with kings with even pace the round worlds promenade;
but that in foreign lands, in all thy walks with kings,
those prairie sovereigns of the west, kansas, missouri, illinois,
ohios, indianas millions, comrades, farmers, soldiers, all to the front,
invisibly with thee walking with kings with even pace the round
    worlds promenade,
were all so justified.



}  spirit that formd this scene 
[written in platte canyon, colorado]

spirit that formd this scene,
these tumbled rock-piles grim and red,
these reckless heaven-ambitious peaks,
these gorges, turbulent-clear streams, this naked freshness,
these formless wild arrays, for reasons of their own,
i know thee, savage spirit--we have communed together,
mine too such wild arrays, for reasons of their own;
wast charged against my chants they had forgotten art?
to fuse within themselves its rules precise and delicatesse?
the lyrists measurd beat, the wrought-out temples grace--column
    and polishd arch forgot?
but thou that revelest here--spirit that formd this scene,
they have rememberd thee.



}  as i walk these broad majestic days

as i walk these broad majestic days of peace,
(for the war, the struggle of blood finishd, wherein, o terrific ideal,
against vast odds erewhile having gloriously won,
now thou stridest on, yet perhaps in time toward denser wars,
perhaps to engage in time in still more dreadful contests, dangers,
longer campaigns and crises, labors beyond all others,)
around me i hear that eclat of the world, politics, produce,
the announcements of recognized things, science,
the approved growth of cities and the spread of inventions.

i see the ships, (they will last a few years,)
the vast factories with their foremen and workmen,
and hear the indorsement of all, and do not object to it.

but i too announce solid things,
science, ships, politics, cities, factories, are not nothing,
like a grand procession to music of distant bugles pouring,
    triumphantly moving, and grander heaving in sight,
they stand for realities--all is as it should be.

then my realities;
what else is so real as mine?
libertad and the divine average, freedom to every slave on the face
    of the earth,
the rapt promises and lumine of seers, the spiritual world, these
    centuries-lasting songs,
and our visions, the visions of poets, the most solid announcements
    of any.



}  a clear midnight

this is thy hour o soul, thy free flight into the wordless,
away from books, away from art, the day erased, the lesson done,
thee fully forth emerging, silent, gazing, pondering the themes thou
    lovest best,
night, sleep, death and the stars.



[book xxxiii.  songs of parting]

}  as the time draws nigh

as the time draws nigh glooming a cloud,
a dread beyond of i know not what darkens me.

i shall go forth,
i shall traverse the states awhile, but i cannot tell whither or how long,
perhaps soon some day or night while i am singing my voice will
    suddenly cease.

o book, o chants! must all then amount to but this?
must we barely arrive at this beginning of us? --and yet it is
    enough, o soul;
o soul, we have positively appeard--that is enough.



}  years of the modern

years of the modern! years of the unperformd!
your horizon rises, i see it parting away for more august dramas,
i see not america only, not only libertys nation but other nations
    preparing,
i see tremendous entrances and exits, new combinations, the solidarity
    of races,
i see that force advancing with irresistible power on the worlds stage,
(have the old forces, the old wars, played their parts? are the acts
    suitable to them closed?)
i see freedom, completely armd and victorious and very haughty,
    with law on one side and peace on the other,
a stupendous trio all issuing forth against the idea of caste;
what historic denouements are these we so rapidly approach?
i see men marching and countermarching by swift millions,
i see the frontiers and boundaries of the old aristocracies broken,
i see the landmarks of european kings removed,
i see this day the people beginning their landmarks, (all others give way;)
never were such sharp questions askd as this day,
never was average man, his soul, more energetic, more like a god,
lo, how he urges and urges, leaving the masses no rest!
his daring foot is on land and sea everywhere, he colonizes the
    pacific, the archipelagoes,
with the steamship, the electric telegraph, the newspaper, the
    wholesale engines of war,
with these and the world-spreading factories he interlinks all
    geography, all lands;
what whispers are these o lands, running ahead of you, passing under
    the seas?
are all nations communing? is there going to be but one heart to the globe?
is humanity forming en-masse? for lo, tyrants tremble, crowns grow dim,
the earth, restive, confronts a new era, perhaps a general divine war,
no one knows what will happen next, such portents fill the days and nights;
years prophetical! the space ahead as i walk, as i vainly try to
    pierce it, is full of phantoms,
unborn deeds, things soon to be, project their shapes around me,
this incredible rush and heat, this strange ecstatic fever of dreams
    o years!
your dreams o years, how they penetrate through me! (i know not
    whether i sleep or wake;)
the performd america and europe grow dim, retiring in shadow behind me,
the unperformd, more gigantic than ever, advance, advance upon me.



}  ashes of soldiers

ashes of soldiers south or north,
as i muse retrospective murmuring a chant in thought,
the war resumes, again to my sense your shapes,
and again the advance of the armies.

noiseless as mists and vapors,
from their graves in the trenches ascending,
from cemeteries all through virginia and tennessee,
from every point of the compass out of the countless graves,
in wafted clouds, in myriads large, or squads of twos or threes or
    single ones they come,
and silently gather round me.

now sound no note o trumpeters,
not at the head of my cavalry parading on spirited horses,
with sabres drawn and glistening, and carbines by their thighs, (ah
    my brave horsemen!
my handsome tan-faced horsemen! what life, what joy and pride,
with all the perils were yours.)

nor you drummers, neither at reveille at dawn,
nor the long roll alarming the camp, nor even the muffled beat for burial,
nothing from you this time o drummers bearing my warlike drums.

but aside from these and the marts of wealth and the crowded promenade,
admitting around me comrades close unseen by the rest and voiceless,
the slain elate and alive again, the dust and debris alive,
i chant this chant of my silent soul in the name of all dead soldiers.

faces so pale with wondrous eyes, very dear, gather closer yet,
draw close, but speak not.

phantoms of countless lost,
invisible to the rest henceforth become my companions,
follow me ever--desert me not while i live.

sweet are the blooming cheeks of the living--sweet are the musical
    voices sounding,
but sweet, ah sweet, are the dead with their silent eyes.

dearest comrades, all is over and long gone,
but love is not over--and what love, o comrades!
perfume from battle-fields rising, up from the foetor arising.

perfume therefore my chant, o love, immortal love,
give me to bathe the memories of all dead soldiers,
shroud them, embalm them, cover them all over with tender pride.

perfume all--make all wholesome,
make these ashes to nourish and blossom,
o love, solve all, fructify all with the last chemistry.

give me exhaustless, make me a fountain,
that i exhale love from me wherever i go like a moist perennial dew,
for the ashes of all dead soldiers south or north.



}  thoughts

     1
of these years i sing,
how they pass and have passd through convulsd pains, as through
    parturitions,
how america illustrates birth, muscular youth, the promise, the sure
    fulfilment, the absolute success, despite of people--illustrates
    evil as well as good,
the vehement struggle so fierce for unity in ones-self,
how many hold despairingly yet to the models departed, caste, myths,
    obedience, compulsion, and to infidelity,
how few see the arrived models, the athletes, the western states, or
    see freedom or spirituality, or hold any faith in results,
(but i see the athletes, and i see the results of the war glorious
    and inevitable, and they again leading to other results.)

how the great cities appear--how the democratic masses, turbulent,
    willful, as i love them,
how the whirl, the contest, the wrestle of evil with good, the
    sounding and resounding, keep on and on,
how society waits unformd, and is for a while between things ended
    and things begun,
how america is the continent of glories, and of the triumph of
    freedom and of the democracies, and of the fruits of society, and
    of all that is begun,
and how the states are complete in themselves--and how all triumphs
    and glories are complete in themselves, to lead onward,
and how these of mine and of the states will in their turn be
    convulsd, and serve other parturitions and transitions,
and how all people, sights, combinations, the democratic masses too,
    serve--and how every fact, and war itself, with all its horrors,
    serves,
and how now or at any time each serves the exquisite transition of death.

     2
of seeds dropping into the ground, of births,
of the steady concentration of america, inland, upward, to
    impregnable and swarming places,
of what indiana, kentucky, arkansas, and the rest, are to be,
of what a few years will show there in nebraska, colorado, nevada,
    and the rest,
(or afar, mounting the northern pacific to sitka or aliaska,)
of what the feuillage of america is the preparation for--and of what
    all sights, north, south, east and west, are,
of this union welded in blood, of the solemn price paid, of the
    unnamed lost ever present in my mind;
of the temporary use of materials for identitys sake,
of the present, passing, departing--of the growth of completer men
    than any yet,
of all sloping down there where the fresh free giver the mother, the
    mississippi flows,
of mighty inland cities yet unsurveyd and unsuspected,
of the new and good names, of the modern developments, of
    inalienable homesteads,
of a free and original life there, of simple diet and clean and
    sweet blood,
of litheness, majestic faces, clear eyes, and perfect physique there,
of immense spiritual results future years far west, each side of the
    anahuacs,
of these songs, well understood there, (being made for that area,)
of the native scorn of grossness and gain there,
(o it lurks in me night and day--what is gain after all to savageness
    and freedom?)



}  song at sunset

splendor of ended day floating and filling me,
hour prophetic, hour resuming the past,
inflating my throat, you divine average,
you earth and life till the last ray gleams i sing.

open mouth of my soul uttering gladness,
eyes of my soul seeing perfection,
natural life of me faithfully praising things,
corroborating forever the triumph of things.

illustrious every one!
illustrious what we name space, sphere of unnumberd spirits,
illustrious the mystery of motion in all beings, even the tiniest insect,
illustrious the attribute of speech, the senses, the body,
illustrious the passing light--illustrious the pale reflection on
    the new moon in the western sky,
illustrious whatever i see or hear or touch, to the last.

good in all,
in the satisfaction and aplomb of animals,
in the annual return of the seasons,
in the hilarity of youth,
in the strength and flush of manhood,
in the grandeur and exquisiteness of old age,
in the superb vistas of death.

wonderful to depart!
wonderful to be here!
the heart, to jet the all-alike and innocent blood!
to breathe the air, how delicious!
to speak--to walk--to seize something by the hand!
to prepare for sleep, for bed, to look on my rose-colord flesh!
to be conscious of my body, so satisfied, so large!
to be this incredible god i am!
to have gone forth among other gods, these men and women i love.

wonderful how i celebrate you and myself
how my thoughts play subtly at the spectacles around!
how the clouds pass silently overhead!
how the earth darts on and on! and how the sun, moon, stars, dart on and on!
how the water sports and sings! (surely it is alive!)
how the trees rise and stand up, with strong trunks, with branches
    and leaves!
(surely there is something more in each of the trees, some living soul.)

o amazement of things--even the least particle!
o spirituality of things!
o strain musical flowing through ages and continents, now reaching
    me and america!
i take your strong chords, intersperse them, and cheerfully pass
    them forward.

i too carol the sun, usherd or at noon, or as now, setting,
i too throb to the brain and beauty of the earth and of all the
    growths of the earth,
i too have felt the resistless call of myself.

as i steamd down the mississippi,
as i wanderd over the prairies,
as i have lived, as i have lookd through my windows my eyes,
as i went forth in the morning, as i beheld the light breaking in the east,
as i bathed on the beach of the eastern sea, and again on the beach
    of the western sea,
as i roamd the streets of inland chicago, whatever streets i have roamd,
or cities or silent woods, or even amid the sights of war,
wherever i have been i have charged myself with contentment and triumph.

i sing to the last the equalities modern or old,
i sing the endless finales of things,
i say nature continues, glory continues,
i praise with electric voice,
for i do not see one imperfection in the universe,
and i do not see one cause or result lamentable at last in the universe.

o setting sun! though the time has come,
i still warble under you, if none else does, unmitigated adoration.



}  as at thy portals also death

as at thy portals also death,
entering thy sovereign, dim, illimitable grounds,
to memories of my mother, to the divine blending, maternity,
to her, buried and gone, yet buried not, gone not from me,
(i see again the calm benignant face fresh and beautiful still,
i sit by the form in the coffin,
i kiss and kiss convulsively again the sweet old lips, the cheeks,
    the closed eyes in the coffin;)
to her, the ideal woman, practical, spiritual, of all of earth,
    life, love, to me the best,
i grave a monumental line, before i go, amid these songs,
and set a tombstone here.



}  my legacy

the business man the acquirer vast,
after assiduous years surveying results, preparing for departure,
devises houses and lands to his children, bequeaths stocks, goods,
    funds for a school or hospital,
leaves money to certain companions to buy tokens, souvenirs of gems
    and gold.

but i, my life surveying, closing,
with nothing to show to devise from its idle years,
nor houses nor lands, nor tokens of gems or gold for my friends,
yet certain remembrances of the war for you, and after you,
and little souvenirs of camps and soldiers, with my love,
i bind together and bequeath in this bundle of songs.



}  pensive on her dead gazing

pensive on her dead gazing i heard the mother of all,
desperate on the torn bodies, on the forms covering the battlefields gazing,
(as the last gun ceased, but the scent of the powder-smoke lingerd,)
as she calld to her earth with mournful voice while she stalkd,
absorb them well o my earth, she cried, i charge you lose not my
    sons, lose not an atom,
and you streams absorb them well, taking their dear blood,
and you local spots, and you airs that swim above lightly impalpable,
and all you essences of soil and growth, and you my rivers depths,
and you mountain sides, and the woods where my dear childrens
    blood trickling reddend,
and you trees down in your roots to bequeath to all future trees,
my dead absorb or south or north--my young mens bodies absorb,
    and their precious precious blood,
which holding in trust for me faithfully back again give me many a
    year hence,
in unseen essence and odor of surface and grass, centuries hence,
in blowing airs from the fields back again give me my darlings, give
    my immortal heroes,
exhale me them centuries hence, breathe me their breath, let not an
    atom be lost,
o years and graves! o air and soil! o my dead, an aroma sweet!
exhale them perennial sweet death, years, centuries hence.



}  camps of green

nor alone those camps of white, old comrades of the wars,
when as orderd forward, after a long march,
footsore and weary, soon as the light lessens we halt for the night,
some of us so fatigued carrying the gun and knapsack, dropping
    asleep in our tracks,
others pitching the little tents, and the fires lit up begin to sparkle,
outposts of pickets posted surrounding alert through the dark,
and a word provided for countersign, careful for safety,
till to the call of the drummers at daybreak loudly beating the drums,
we rise up refreshd, the night and sleep passd over, and resume our
    journey,
or proceed to battle.

lo, the camps of the tents of green,
which the days of peace keep filling, and the days of war keep filling,
with a mystic army, (is it too orderd forward? is it too only
    halting awhile,
till night and sleep pass over?)

now in those camps of green, in their tents dotting the world,
in the parents, children, husbands, wives, in them, in the old and young,
sleeping under the sunlight, sleeping under the moonlight, content
    and silent there at last,
behold the mighty bivouac-field and waiting-camp of all,
of the corps and generals all, and the president over the corps and
    generals all,
and of each of us o soldiers, and of each and all in the ranks we fought,
(there without hatred we all, all meet.)

for presently o soldiers, we too camp in our place in the
    bivouac-camps of green,
but we need not provide for outposts, nor word for the countersign,
nor drummer to beat the morning drum.



}  the sobbing of the bells [midnight, sept. 19-20, 1881]

the sobbing of the bells, the sudden death-news everywhere,
the slumberers rouse, the rapport of the people,
(full well they know that message in the darkness,
full well return, respond within their breasts, their brains, the
    sad reverberations,)
the passionate toll and clang--city to city, joining, sounding, passing,
those heart-beats of a nation in the night.



}  as they draw to a close

as they draw to a close,
of what underlies the precedent songs--of my aims in them,
of the seed i have sought to plant in them,
of joy, sweet joy, through many a year, in them,
(for them, for them have i lived, in them my work is done,)
of many an aspiration fond, of many a dream and plan;
through space and time fused in a chant, and the flowing eternal identity,
to nature encompassing these, encompassing god--to the joyous,
    electric all,
to the sense of death, and accepting exulting in death in its turn
    the same as life,
the entrance of man to sing;
to compact you, ye parted, diverse lives,
to put rapport the mountains and rocks and streams,
and the winds of the north, and the forests of oak and pine,
with you o soul.



}  joy, shipmate, joy!

joy, shipmate, joy!
(pleasd to my soul at death i cry,)
our life is closed, our life begins,
the long, long anchorage we leave,
the ship is clear at last, she leaps!
she swiftly courses from the shore,
joy, shipmate, joy.



}  the untold want

the untold want by life and land neer granted,
now voyager sail thou forth to seek and find.



}  portals

what are those of the known but to ascend and enter the unknown?
and what are those of life but for death?



}  these carols

these carols sung to cheer my passage through the world i see,
for completion i dedicate to the invisible world.



}  now finale to the shore

now finale to the shore,
now land and life finale and farewell,
now voyager depart, (much, much for thee is yet in store,)
often enough hast thou adventurd oer the seas,
cautiously cruising, studying the charts,
duly again to port and hawsers tie returning;
but now obey thy cherishd secret wish,
embrace thy friends, leave all in order,
to port and hawsers tie no more returning,
depart upon thy endless cruise old sailor.



}  so long!

to conclude, i announce what comes after me.

i remember i said before my leaves sprang at all,
i would raise my voice jocund and strong with reference to consummations.

when america does what was promisd,
when through these states walk a hundred millions of superb persons,
when the rest part away for superb persons and contribute to them,
when breeds of the most perfect mothers denote america,
then to me and mine our due fruition.

i have pressd through in my own right,
i have sung the body and the soul, war and peace have i sung, and
    the songs of life and death,
and the songs of birth, and shown that there are many births.

i have offerd my style to every one, i have journeyd with confident step;
while my pleasure is yet at the full i whisper so long!
and take the young womans hand and the young mans hand for the last time.

i announce natural persons to arise,
i announce justice triumphant,
i announce uncompromising liberty and equality,
i announce the justification of candor and the justification of pride.

i announce that the identity of these states is a single identity only,
i announce the union more and more compact, indissoluble,
i announce splendors and majesties to make all the previous politics
    of the earth insignificant.

i announce adhesiveness, i say it shall be limitless, unloosend,
i say you shall yet find the friend you were looking for.

i announce a man or woman coming, perhaps you are the one, (so long!)
i announce the great individual, fluid as nature, chaste,
    affectionate, compassionate, fully armd.

i announce a life that shall be copious, vehement, spiritual, bold,
i announce an end that shall lightly and joyfully meet its translation.

i announce myriads of youths, beautiful, gigantic, sweet-blooded,
i announce a race of splendid and savage old men.

o thicker and faster--(so long!)
o crowding too close upon me,
i foresee too much, it means more than i thought,
it appears to me i am dying.

hasten throat and sound your last,
salute me--salute the days once more. peal the old cry once more.

screaming electric, the atmosphere using,
at random glancing, each as i notice absorbing,
swiftly on, but a little while alighting,
curious envelopd messages delivering,
sparkles hot, seed ethereal down in the dirt dropping,
myself unknowing, my commission obeying, to question it never daring,
to ages and ages yet the growth of the seed leaving,
to troops out of the war arising, they the tasks i have set
promulging,
to women certain whispers of myself bequeathing, their affection
    me more clearly explaining,
to young men my problems offering--no dallier i--i the muscle of
    their brains trying,
so i pass, a little time vocal, visible, contrary,
afterward a melodious echo, passionately bent for, (death making
    me really undying,)
the best of me then when no longer visible, for toward that i have
    been incessantly preparing.

what is there more, that i lag and pause and crouch extended with
    unshut mouth?
is there a single final farewell?
my songs cease, i abandon them,
from behind the screen where i hid i advance personally solely to you.

camerado, this is no book,
who touches this touches a man,
(is it night? are we here together alone?)
it is i you hold and who holds you,
i spring from the pages into your arms--decease calls me forth.

o how your fingers drowse me,
your breath falls around me like dew, your pulse lulls the tympans
    of my ears,
i feel immerged from head to foot,
delicious, enough.

enough o deed impromptu and secret,
enough o gliding present--enough o summd-up past.

dear friend whoever you are take this kiss,
i give it especially to you, do not forget me,
i feel like one who has done work for the day to retire awhile,
i receive now again of my many translations, from my avataras
    ascending, while others doubtless await me,
an unknown sphere more real than i dreamd, more direct, darts
    awakening rays about me, so long!
remember my words, i may again return,
i love you, i depart from materials,
i am as one disembodied, triumphant, dead.



[book xxxiv.  sands at seventy]

}  mannahatta

my citys fit and noble name resumed,
choice aboriginal name, with marvellous beauty, meaning,
a rocky founded island--shores where ever gayly dash the coming,
    going, hurrying sea waves.



}  paumanok

sea-beauty! stretchd and basking!
one side thy inland ocean laving, broad, with copious commerce,
    steamers, sails,
and one the atlantics wind caressing, fierce or gentle--mighty hulls
    dark-gliding in the distance.
isle of sweet brooks of drinking-water--healthy air and soil!
isle of the salty shore and breeze and brine!



}  from montauk point

i stand as on some mighty eagles beak,
eastward the sea absorbing, viewing, (nothing but sea and sky,)
the tossing waves, the foam, the ships in the distance,
the wild unrest, the snowy, curling caps--that inbound urge and urge
    of waves,
seeking the shores forever.



}  to those whove faild

to those whove faild, in aspiration vast,
to unnamd soldiers fallen in front on the lead,
to calm, devoted engineers--to over-ardent travelers--to pilots on
    their ships,
to many a lofty song and picture without recognition--id rear
    laurel-coverd monument,
high, high above the rest--to all cut off before their time,
possessd by some strange spirit of fire,
quenchd by an early death.



}  a carol closing sixty-nine

a carol closing sixty-nine--a resume--a repetition,
my lines in joy and hope continuing on the same,
of ye, o god, life, nature, freedom, poetry;
of you, my land--your rivers, prairies, states--you, mottled flag i love,
your aggregate retaind entire--of north, south, east and west, your
    items all;
of me myself--the jocund heart yet beating in my breast,
the body wreckd, old, poor and paralyzed--the strange inertia
    falling pall-like round me,
the burning fires down in my sluggish blood not yet extinct,
the undiminishd faith--the groups of loving friends.



}  the bravest soldiers

brave, brave were the soldiers (high named to-day) who lived through
    the fight;
but the bravest pressd to the front and fell, unnamed, unknown.



}  a font of type

this latent mine--these unlaunchd voices--passionate powers,
wrath, argument, or praise, or comic leer, or prayer devout,
(not nonpareil, brevier, bourgeois, long primer merely,)
these ocean waves arousable to fury and to death,
or soothd to ease and sheeny sun and sleep,
within the pallid slivers slumbering.



}  as i sit writing here

as i sit writing here, sick and grown old,
not my least burden is that dulness of the years, querilities,
ungracious glooms, aches, lethargy, constipation, whimpering ennui,
may filter in my dally songs.



}  my canary bird

did we count great, o soul, to penetrate the themes of mighty books,
absorbing deep and full from thoughts, plays, speculations?
but now from thee to me, caged bird, to feel thy joyous warble,
filling the air, the lonesome room, the long forenoon,
is it not just as great, o soul?



}  queries to my seventieth year

approaching, nearing, curious,
thou dim, uncertain spectre--bringest thou life or death?
strength, weakness, blindness, more paralysis and heavier?
or placid skies and sun? wilt stir the waters yet?
or haply cut me short for good? or leave me here as now,
dull, parrot-like and old, with crackd voice harping, screeching?



}  the wallabout martyrs

greater than memory of achilles or ulysses,
more, more by far to thee than tomb of alexander,
those cart loads of old charnel ashes, scales and splints of mouldy bones,
once living men--once resolute courage, aspiration, strength,
the stepping stones to thee to-day and here, america.



}  the first dandelion

simple and fresh and fair from winters close emerging,
as if no artifice of fashion, business, politics, had ever been,
forth from its sunny nook of shelterd grass--innocent, golden, calm
    as the dawn,
the springs first dandelion shows its trustful face.



}  america

centre of equal daughters, equal sons,
all, all alike endeard, grown, ungrown, young or old,
strong, ample, fair, enduring, capable, rich,
perennial with the earth, with freedom, law and love,
a grand, sane, towering, seated mother,
chaird in the adamant of time.



}  memories

how sweet the silent backward tracings!
the wanderings as in dreams--the meditation of old times resumed
    --their loves, joys, persons, voyages.



}  to-day and thee

the appointed winners in a long-stretchd game;
the course of time and nations--egypt, india, greece and rome;
the past entire, with all its heroes, histories, arts, experiments,
its store of songs, inventions, voyages, teachers, books,
garnerd for now and thee--to think of it!
the heirdom all converged in thee!



}  after the dazzle of day

after the dazzle of day is gone,
only the dark, dark night shows to my eyes the stars;
after the clangor of organ majestic, or chorus, or perfect band,
silent, athwart my soul, moves the symphony true.



}  abraham lincoln, born feb. 12, 1809

to-day, from each and all, a breath of prayer--a pulse of thought,
to memory of him--to birth of him.



}  out of mays shows selected

apple orchards, the trees all coverd with blossoms;
wheat fields carpeted far and near in vital emerald green;
the eternal, exhaustless freshness of each early morning;
the yellow, golden, transparent haze of the warm afternoon sun;
the aspiring lilac bushes with profuse purple or white flowers.



}  halcyon days

not from successful love alone,
nor wealth, nor honord middle age, nor victories of politics or war;
but as life wanes, and all the turbulent passions calm,
as gorgeous, vapory, silent hues cover the evening sky,
as softness, fulness, rest, suffuse the frame, like freshier, balmier air,
as the days take on a mellower light, and the apple at last hangs
    really finishd and indolent-ripe on the tree,
then for the teeming quietest, happiest days of all!
the brooding and blissful halcyon days!



[fancies at navesink]

}[i]  the pilot in the mist

steaming the northern rapids--(an old st. lawrence reminiscence,
a sudden memory-flash comes back, i know not why,
here waiting for the sunrise, gazing from this hill;)
again tis just at morning--a heavy haze contends with daybreak,
again the trembling, laboring vessel veers me--i press through
    foam-dashd rocks that almost touch me,
again i mark where aft the small thin indian helmsman
looms in the mist, with brow elate and governing hand.



}[ii]  had i the choice

had i the choice to tally greatest bards,
to limn their portraits, stately, beautiful, and emulate at will,
homer with all his wars and warriors--hector, achilles, ajax,
or shaksperes woe-entangled hamlet, lear, othello--tennysons fair ladies,
metre or wit the best, or choice conceit to wield in perfect rhyme,
    delight of singers;
these, these, o sea, all these id gladly barter,
would you the undulation of one wave, its trick to me transfer,
or breathe one breath of yours upon my verse,
and leave its odor there.



}[iii]  you tides with ceaseless swell

you tides with ceaseless swell! you power that does this work!
you unseen force, centripetal, centrifugal, through spaces spread,
rapport of sun, moon, earth, and all the constellations,
what are the messages by you from distant stars to us? what sirius?
    what capellas?
what central heart--and you the pulse--vivifies all? what boundless
    aggregate of all?
what subtle indirection and significance in you? what clue to all in
    you? what fluid, vast identity,
holding the universe with all its parts as one--as sailing in a ship?



}[iv]  last of ebb, and daylight waning

last of ebb, and daylight waning,
scented sea-cool landward making, smells of sedge and salt incoming,
with many a half-caught voice sent up from the eddies,
many a muffled confession--many a sob and whisperd word,
as of speakers far or hid.

how they sweep down and out! how they mutter!
poets unnamed--artists greatest of any, with cherishd lost designs,
loves unresponse--a chorus of ages complaints--hopes last words,
some suicides despairing cry, away to the boundless waste, and
    never again return.

on to oblivion then!
on, on, and do your part, ye burying, ebbing tide!
on for your time, ye furious debouche!



}[v]  and yet not you alone

and yet not you alone, twilight and burying ebb,
nor you, ye lost designs alone--nor failures, aspirations;
i know, divine deceitful ones, your glamours seeming;
duly by you, from you, the tide and light again--duly the hinges turning,
duly the needed discord-parts offsetting, blending,
weaving from you, from sleep, night, death itself,
the rhythmus of birth eternal.



}[vi]  proudly the flood comes in

proudly the flood comes in, shouting, foaming, advancing,
long it holds at the high, with bosom broad outswelling,
all throbs, dilates--the farms, woods, streets of cities--workmen at work,
mainsails, topsails, jibs, appear in the offing--steamers pennants
    of smoke--and under the forenoon sun,
freighted with human lives, gaily the outward bound, gaily the
    inward bound,
flaunting from many a spar the flag i love.



}[vii]  by that long scan of waves

by that long scan of waves, myself calld back, resumed upon myself,
in every crest some undulating light or shade--some retrospect,
joys, travels, studies, silent panoramas--scenes ephemeral,
the long past war, the battles, hospital sights, the wounded and the dead,
myself through every by-gone phase--my idle youth--old age at hand,
my three-score years of life summd up, and more, and past,
by any grand ideal tried, intentionless, the whole a nothing,
and haply yet some drop within gods schemes ensemble--some
    wave, or part of wave,
like one of yours, ye multitudinous ocean.



}[viii]  then last of all

then last of all, caught from these shores, this hill,
of you o tides, the mystic human meaning:
only by law of you, your swell and ebb, enclosing me the same,
the brain that shapes, the voice that chants this song.



}  election day, november, 1884

if i should need to name, o western world, your powerfulest scene and show,
twould not be you, niagara--nor you, ye limitless prairies--nor
    your huge rifts of canyons, colorado,
nor you, yosemite--nor yellowstone, with all its spasmic
    geyser-loops ascending to the skies, appearing and disappearing,
nor oregons white cones--nor hurons belt of mighty lakes--nor
    mississippis stream:
--this seething hemispheres humanity, as now, id name--the still
    small voice vibrating--americas choosing day,
(the heart of it not in the chosen--the act itself the main, the
    quadriennial choosing,)
the stretch of north and south arousd--sea-board and inland--
    texas to maine--the prairie states--vermont, virginia, california,
the final ballot-shower from east to west--the paradox and conflict,
the countless snow-flakes falling--(a swordless conflict,
yet more than all romes wars of old, or modern napoleons:) the
    peaceful choice of all,
or good or ill humanity--welcoming the darker odds, the dross:
--foams and ferments the wine? it serves to purify--while the heart
    pants, life glows:
these stormy gusts and winds waft precious ships,
swelld washingtons, jeffersons, lincolns sails.



}  with husky-haughty lips, o sea!

with husky-haughty lips, o sea!
where day and night i wend thy surf-beat shore,
imaging to my sense thy varied strange suggestions,
(i see and plainly list thy talk and conference here,)
thy troops of white-maned racers racing to the goal,
thy ample, smiling face, dashd with the sparkling dimples of the sun,
thy brooding scowl and murk--thy unloosd hurricanes,
thy unsubduedness, caprices, wilfulness;
great as thou art above the rest, thy many tears--a lack from all
    eternity in thy content,
(naught but the greatest struggles, wrongs, defeats, could make thee
    greatest--no less could make thee,)
thy lonely state--something thou ever seekst and seekst, yet
    never gainst,
surely some right withheld--some voice, in huge monotonous rage, of
    freedom-lover pent,
some vast heart, like a planets, chaind and chafing in those breakers,
by lengthend swell, and spasm, and panting breath,
and rhythmic rasping of thy sands and waves,
and serpent hiss, and savage peals of laughter,
and undertones of distant lion roar,
(sounding, appealing to the skys deaf ear--but now, rapport for once,
a phantom in the night thy confidant for once,)
the first and last confession of the globe,
outsurging, muttering from thy souls abysms,
the tale of cosmic elemental passion,
thou tellest to a kindred soul.



}  death of general grant

as one by one withdraw the lofty actors,
from that great play on historys stage eterne,
that lurid, partial act of war and peace--of old and new contending,
fought out through wrath, fears, dark dismays, and many a long suspense;
all past--and since, in countless graves receding, mellowing,
victors and vanquishd--lincolns and lees--now thou with them,
man of the mighty days--and equal to the days!
thou from the prairies!--tangled and many-veind and hard has been thy part,
to admiration has it been enacted!



}  red jacket (from aloft)

upon this scene, this show,
yielded to-day by fashion, learning, wealth,
(nor in caprice alone--some grains of deepest meaning,)
haply, aloft, (who knows?) from distant sky-clouds blended shapes,
as some old tree, or rock or cliff, thrilld with its soul,
product of natures sun, stars, earth direct--a towering human form,
in hunting-shirt of film, armd with the rifle, a half-ironical
    smile curving its phantom lips,
like one of ossians ghosts looks down.



}  washingtons monument february, 1885

ah, not this marble, dead and cold:
far from its base and shaft expanding--the round zones circling,
    comprehending,
thou, washington, art all the worlds, the continents entire--not
    yours alone, america,
europes as well, in every part, castle of lord or laborers cot,
or frozen north, or sultry south--the africans--the arabs in his tent,
old asias there with venerable smile, seated amid her ruins;
(greets the antique the hero new? tis but the same--the heir
    legitimate, continued ever,
the indomitable heart and arm--proofs of the never-broken line,
courage, alertness, patience, faith, the same--een in defeat
    defeated not, the same:)
wherever sails a ship, or house is built on land, or day or night,
through teeming cities streets, indoors or out, factories or farms,
now, or to come, or past--where patriot wills existed or exist,
wherever freedom, poisd by toleration, swayd by law,
stands or is rising thy true monument.



}  of that blithe throat of thine

of that blithe throat of thine from arctic bleak and blank,
ill mind the lesson, solitary bird--let me too welcome chilling drifts,
een the profoundest chill, as now--a torpid pulse, a brain unnervd,
old age land-lockd within its winter bay--(cold, cold, o cold!)
these snowy hairs, my feeble arm, my frozen feet,
for them thy faith, thy rule i take, and grave it to the last;
not summers zones alone--not chants of youth, or souths warm tides alone,
but held by sluggish floes, packd in the northern ice, the cumulus
    of years,
these with gay heart i also sing.



}  broadway

what hurrying human tides, or day or night!
what passions, winnings, losses, ardors, swim thy waters!
what whirls of evil, bliss and sorrow, stem thee!
what curious questioning glances--glints of love!
leer, envy, scorn, contempt, hope, aspiration!
thou portal--thou arena--thou of the myriad long-drawn lines and groups!
(could but thy flagstones, curbs, facades, tell their inimitable tales;
thy windows rich, and huge hotels--thy side-walks wide;)
thou of the endless sliding, mincing, shuffling feet!
thou, like the parti-colored world itself--like infinite, teeming,
    mocking life!
thou visord, vast, unspeakable show and lesson!



}  to get the final lilt of songs

to get the final lilt of songs,
to penetrate the inmost lore of poets--to know the mighty ones,
job, homer, eschylus, dante, shakespere, tennyson, emerson;
to diagnose the shifting-delicate tints of love and pride and doubt--
    to truly understand,
to encompass these, the last keen faculty and entrance-price,
old age, and what it brings from all its past experiences.



}  old salt kossabone

far back, related on my mothers side,
old salt kossabone, ill tell you how he died:
(had been a sailor all his life--was nearly 90--lived with his
    married grandchild, jenny;
house on a hill, with view of bay at hand, and distant cape, and
    stretch to open sea;)
the last of afternoons, the evening hours, for many a year his
    regular custom,
in his great arm chair by the window seated,
(sometimes, indeed, through half the day,)
watching the coming, going of the vessels, he mutters to himself--
    and now the close of all:
one struggling outbound brig, one day, baffled for long--cross-tides
    and much wrong going,
at last at nightfall strikes the breeze aright, her whole luck veering,
and swiftly bending round the cape, the darkness proudly entering,
    cleaving, as he watches,
"shes free--shes on her destination"--these the last words--when
    jenny came, he sat there dead,
dutch kossabone, old salt, related on my mothers side, far back.



}  the dead tenor

as down the stage again,
with spanish hat and plumes, and gait inimitable,
back from the fading lessons of the past, id call, id tell and own,
how much from thee! the revelation of the singing voice from thee!
(so firm--so liquid-soft--again that tremulous, manly timbre!
the perfect singing voice--deepest of all to me the lesson--trial
    and test of all:)
how through those strains distilld--how the rapt ears, the soul of
    me, absorbing
fernandos heart, manricos passionate call, ernanis, sweet gennaros,
i fold thenceforth, or seek to fold, within my chants transmuting,
freedoms and loves and faiths unloosd cantabile,
(as perfumes, colors, sunlights correlation:)
from these, for these, with these, a hurried line, dead tenor,
a wafted autumn leaf, dropt in the closing grave, the shoveld earth,
to memory of thee.



}  continuities

nothing is ever really lost, or can be lost,
no birth, identity, form--no object of the world.
nor life, nor force, nor any visible thing;
appearance must not foil, nor shifted sphere confuse thy brain.
ample are time and space--ample the fields of nature.
the body, sluggish, aged, cold--the embers left from earlier fires,
the light in the eye grown dim, shall duly flame again;
the sun now low in the west rises for mornings and for noons continual;
to frozen clods ever the springs invisible law returns,
with grass and flowers and summer fruits and corn.



}  yonnondio

a song, a poem of itself--the word itself a dirge,
amid the wilds, the rocks, the storm and wintry night,
to me such misty, strange tableaux the syllables calling up;
yonnondio--i see, far in the west or north, a limitless ravine, with
    plains and mountains dark,
i see swarms of stalwart chieftains, medicine-men, and warriors,
as flitting by like clouds of ghosts, they pass and are gone in the
    twilight,
(race of the woods, the landscapes free, and the falls!
no picture, poem, statement, passing them to the future:)
yonnondio! yonnondio!--unlimnd they disappear;
to-day gives place, and fades--the cities, farms, factories fade;
a muffled sonorous sound, a wailing word is borne through the air
    for a moment,
then blank and gone and still, and utterly lost.



}  life

ever the undiscouraged, resolute, struggling soul of man;
(have former armies faild? then we send fresh armies--and fresh again;)
ever the grappled mystery of all earths ages old or new;
ever the eager eyes, hurrahs, the welcome-clapping hands, the loud
    applause;
ever the soul dissatisfied, curious, unconvinced at last;
struggling to-day the same--battling the same.



}  "going somewhere"

my science-friend, my noblest woman-friend,
(now buried in an english grave--and this a memory-leaf for her dear sake,)
ended our talk--"the sum, concluding all we know of old or modern
    learning, intuitions deep,
"of all geologies--histories--of all astronomy--of evolution,
    metaphysics all,
"is, that we all are onward, onward, speeding slowly, surely bettering,
"life, life an endless march, an endless army, (no halt, but it is
    duly over,)
"the world, the race, the soul--in space and time the universes,
"all bound as is befitting each--all surely going somewhere."



}  small the theme of my chant

small the theme of my chant, yet the greatest--namely, ones-self--
    a simple, separate person. that, for the use of the new world, i sing.
mans physiology complete, from top to toe, i sing. not physiognomy alone,
    nor brain alone, is worthy for the muse;--i say the form complete
    is worthier far. the female equally with the male, i sing.
nor cease at the theme of ones-self. i speak the word of the
    modern, the word en-masse.
my days i sing, and the lands--with interstice i knew of hapless war.
(o friend, whoeer you are, at last arriving hither to commence, i
    feel through every leaf the pressure of your hand, which i return.
and thus upon our journey, footing the road, and more than once, and
    linkd together let us go.)



}  true conquerors

old farmers, travelers, workmen (no matter how crippled or bent,)
old sailors, out of many a perilous voyage, storm and wreck,
old soldiers from campaigns, with all their wounds, defeats and scars;
enough that theyve survived at all--long lifes unflinching ones!
forth from their struggles, trials, fights, to have emerged at all--
    in that alone,
true conquerors oer all the rest.



}  the united states to old world critics

here first the duties of to-day, the lessons of the concrete,
wealth, order, travel, shelter, products, plenty;
as of the building of some varied, vast, perpetual edifice,
whence to arise inevitable in time, the towering roofs, the lamps,
the solid-planted spires tall shooting to the stars.



}  the calming thought of all

that coursing on, whateer mens speculations,
amid the changing schools, theologies, philosophies,
amid the bawling presentations new and old,
the round earths silent vital laws, facts, modes continue.



}  thanks in old age

thanks in old age--thanks ere i go,
for health, the midday sun, the impalpable air--for life, mere life,
for precious ever-lingering memories, (of you my mother dear--you,
    father--you, brothers, sisters, friends,)
for all my days--not those of peace alone--the days of war the same,
for gentle words, caresses, gifts from foreign lands,
for shelter, wine and meat--for sweet appreciation,
(you distant, dim unknown--or young or old--countless, unspecified,
    readers belovd,
we never met, and neer shall meet--and yet our souls embrace, long,
    close and long;)
for beings, groups, love, deeds, words, books--for colors, forms,
for all the brave strong men--devoted, hardy men--whove forward
    sprung in freedoms help, all years, all lands
for braver, stronger, more devoted men--(a special laurel ere i go,
    to lifes wars chosen ones,
the cannoneers of song and thought--the great artillerists--the
    foremost leaders, captains of the soul:)
as soldier from an ended war returnd--as traveler out of myriads,
    to the long procession retrospective,
thanks--joyful thanks!--a soldiers, travelers thanks.



}  life and death

the two old, simple problems ever intertwined,
close home, elusive, present, baffled, grappled.
by each successive age insoluble, passd on,
to ours to-day--and we pass on the same.



}  the voice of the rain

and who art thou? said i to the soft-falling shower,
which, strange to tell, gave me an answer, as here translated:
i am the poem of earth, said the voice of the rain,
eternal i rise impalpable out of the land and the bottomless sea,
upward to heaven, whence, vaguely formd, altogether changed, and
    yet the same,
i descend to lave the drouths, atomies, dust-layers of the globe,
and all that in them without me were seeds only, latent, unborn;
and forever, by day and night, i give back life to my own origin,
    and make pure and beautify it;
(for song, issuing from its birth-place, after fulfilment, wandering,
reckd or unreckd, duly with love returns.)



}  soon shall the winters foil be here

soon shall the winters foil be here;
soon shall these icy ligatures unbind and melt--a little while,
and air, soil, wave, suffused shall be in softness, bloom and
    growth--a thousand forms shall rise
from these dead clods and chills as from low burial graves.

thine eyes, ears--all thy best attributes--all that takes cognizance
    of natural beauty,
shall wake and fill. thou shalt perceive the simple shows, the
    delicate miracles of earth,
dandelions, clover, the emerald grass, the early scents and flowers,
the arbutus under foot, the willows yellow-green, the blossoming
    plum and cherry;
with these the robin, lark and thrush, singing their songs--the
    flitting bluebird;
for such the scenes the annual play brings on.



}  while not the past forgetting

while not the past forgetting,
to-day, at least, contention sunk entire--peace, brotherhood uprisen;
for sign reciprocal our northern, southern hands,
lay on the graves of all dead soldiers, north or south,
(nor for the past alone--for meanings to the future,)
wreaths of roses and branches of palm.



}  the dying veteran

amid these days of order, ease, prosperity,
amid the current songs of beauty, peace, decorum,
i cast a reminiscence--(likely twill offend you,
i heard it in my boyhood;)--more than a generation since,
a queer old savage man, a fighter under washington himself,
(large, brave, cleanly, hot-blooded, no talker, rather spiritualistic,
had fought in the ranks--fought well--had been all through the
    revolutionary war,)
lay dying--sons, daughters, church-deacons, lovingly tending him,
sharping their sense, their ears, towards his murmuring, half-caught words:
"let me return again to my war-days,
to the sights and scenes--to forming the line of battle,
to the scouts ahead reconnoitering,
to the cannons, the grim artillery,
to the galloping aides, carrying orders,
to the wounded, the fallen, the heat, the suspense,
the perfume strong, the smoke, the deafening noise;
away with your life of peace!--your joys of peace!
give me my old wild battle-life again!"



}  stronger lessons

have you learnd lessons only of those who admired you, and were
    tender with you, and stood aside for you?
have you not learnd great lessons from those who reject you, and
    brace themselves against you? or who treat you with contempt,
    or dispute the passage with you?



}  a prairie sunset

shot gold, maroon and violet, dazzling silver, emerald, fawn,
the earths whole amplitude and natures multiform power consignd
    for once to colors;
the light, the general air possessd by them--colors till now unknown,
no limit, confine--not the western sky alone--the high meridian--
    north, south, all,
pure luminous color fighting the silent shadows to the last.



}  twenty years

down on the ancient wharf, the sand, i sit, with a new-comer chatting:
he shippd as green-hand boy, and saild away, (took some sudden,
    vehement notion;)
since, twenty years and more have circled round and round,
while he the globe was circling round and round, --and now returns:
how changed the place--all the old land-marks gone--the parents dead;
(yes, he comes back to lay in port for good--to settle--has a
    well-filld purse--no spot will do but this;)
the little boat that sculld him from the sloop, now held in leash i see,
i hear the slapping waves, the restless keel, the rocking in the sand,
i see the sailor kit, the canvas bag, the great box bound with brass,
i scan the face all berry-brown and bearded--the stout-strong frame,
dressd in its russet suit of good scotch cloth:
(then what the told-out story of those twenty years? what of the future?)



}  orange buds by mail from florida

a lesser proof than old voltaires, yet greater,
proof of this present time, and thee, thy broad expanse, america,
to my plain northern hut, in outside clouds and snow,
brought safely for a thousand miles oer land and tide,
some three days since on their own soil live-sprouting,
now here their sweetness through my room unfolding,
a bunch of orange buds by mall from florida.



}  twilight

the soft voluptuous opiate shades,
the sun just gone, the eager light dispelld--(i too will soon be
    gone, dispelld,)
a haze--nirwana--rest and night--oblivion.



}  you lingering sparse leaves of me

you lingering sparse leaves of me on winter-nearing boughs,
and i some well-shorn tree of field or orchard-row;
you tokens diminute and lorn--(not now the flush of may, or july
    clover-bloom--no grain of august now;)
you pallid banner-staves--you pennants valueless--you overstayd of time,
yet my soul-dearest leaves confirming all the rest,
the faithfulest--hardiest--last.



}  not meagre, latent boughs alone

not meagre, latent boughs alone, o songs! (scaly and bare, like
    eagles talons,)
but haply for some sunny day (who knows?) some future spring, some
    summer--bursting forth,
to verdant leaves, or sheltering shade--to nourishing fruit,
apples and grapes--the stalwart limbs of trees emerging--the fresh,
    free, open air,
and love and faith, like scented roses blooming.



}  the dead emperor

to-day, with bending head and eyes, thou, too, columbia,
less for the mighty crown laid low in sorrow--less for the emperor,
thy true condolence breathest, sendest out oer many a salt sea mile,
mourning a good old man--a faithful shepherd, patriot.



}  as the greeks signal flame

as the greeks signal flame, by antique records told,
rose from the hill-top, like applause and glory,
welcoming in fame some special veteran, hero,
with rosy tinge reddening the land hed served,
so i aloft from mannahattas ship-fringed shore,
lift high a kindled brand for thee, old poet.



}  the dismantled ship

in some unused lagoon, some nameless bay,
on sluggish, lonesome waters, anchord near the shore,
an old, dismasted, gray and batterd ship, disabled, done,
after free voyages to all the seas of earth, hauld up at last and
    hawserd tight,
lies rusting, mouldering.



}  now precedent songs, farewell

now precedent songs, farewell--by every name farewell,
(trains of a staggering line in many a strange procession, waggons,
from ups and downs--with intervals--from elder years, mid-age, or youth,)
"in cabind ships, or thee old cause or poets to come
or paumanok, song of myself, calamus, or adam,
or beat! beat! drums! or to the leavend soil they trod,
or captain! my captain! kosmos, quicksand years, or thoughts,
thou mother with thy equal brood," and many, many more unspecified,
from fibre heart of mine--from throat and tongue--(my lifes hot
    pulsing blood,
the personal urge and form for me--not merely paper, automatic type
    and ink,)
each song of mine--each utterance in the past--having its long, long
    history,
of life or death, or soldiers wound, of countrys loss or safety,
(o heaven! what flash and started endless train of all! compared
    indeed to that!
what wretched shred een at the best of all!)



}  an evening lull

after a week of physical anguish,
unrest and pain, and feverish heat,
toward the ending day a calm and lull comes on,
three hours of peace and soothing rest of brain.



}  old ages lambent peaks

the touch of flame--the illuminating fire--the loftiest look at last,
oer city, passion, sea--oer prairie, mountain, wood--the earth itself,
the airy, different, changing hues of all, in failing twilight,
objects and groups, bearings, faces, reminiscences;
the calmer sight--the golden setting, clear and broad:
so much i the atmosphere, the points of view, the situations whence
    we scan,
brot out by them alone--so much (perhaps the best) unreckd before;
the lights indeed from them--old ages lambent peaks.



}  after the supper and talk

after the supper and talk--after the day is done,
as a friend from friends his final withdrawal prolonging,
good-bye and good-bye with emotional lips repeating,
(so hard for his hand to release those hands--no more will they meet,
no more for communion of sorrow and joy, of old and young,
a far-stretching journey awaits him, to return no more,)
shunning, postponing severance--seeking to ward off the last word
    ever so little,
een at the exit-door turning--charges superfluous calling back--
    een as he descends the steps,
something to eke out a minute additional--shadows of nightfall deepening,
farewells, messages lessening--dimmer the forthgoers visage and form,
soon to be lost for aye in the darkness--loth, o so loth to depart!
garrulous to the very last.



[bookxxxv.  good-bye my fancy]

}  sail out for good, eidolon yacht!

heave the anchor short!
raise main-sail and jib--steer forth,
o little white-hulld sloop, now speed on really deep waters,
(i will not call it our concluding voyage,
but outset and sure entrance to the truest, best, maturest;)
depart, depart from solid earth--no more returning to these shores,
now on for aye our infinite free venture wending,
spurning all yet tried ports, seas, hawsers, densities, gravitation,
sail out for good, eidolon yacht of me!



}  lingering last drops

and whence and why come you?

we know not whence, (was the answer,)
we only know that we drift here with the rest,
that we lingerd and laggd--but were wafted at last, and are now here,
to make the passing showers concluding drops.



}  good-bye my fancy

good-bye my fancy--(i had a word to say,
but tis not quite the time--the best of any mans word or say,
is when its proper place arrives--and for its meaning,
i keep mine till the last.)



}  on, on the same, ye jocund twain!

on, on the same, ye jocund twain!
my life and recitative, containing birth, youth, mid-age years,
fitful as motley-tongues of flame, inseparably twined and merged in
    one--combining all,
my single soul--aims, confirmations, failures, joys--nor single soul alone,
i chant my nations crucial stage, (americas, haply humanitys)--
    the trial great, the victory great,
a strange eclaircissement of all the masses past, the eastern world,
    the ancient, medieval,
here, here from wanderings, strayings, lessons, wars, defeats--here
    at the west a voice triumphant--justifying all,
a gladsome pealing cry--a song for once of utmost pride and satisfaction;
i chant from it the common bulk, the general average horde, (the
    best sooner than the worst)--and now i chant old age,
(my verses, written first for forenoon life, and for the summers,
    autumns spread,
i pass to snow-white hairs the same, and give to pulses
    winter-coold the same;)
as here in careless trill, i and my recitatives, with faith and love,
wafting to other work, to unknown songs, conditions,
on, on ye jocund twain! continue on the same!



}  my 71st year

after surmounting three-score and ten,
with all their chances, changes, losses, sorrows,
my parents deaths, the vagaries of my life, the many tearing
    passions of me, the war of 63 and 4,
as some old broken soldier, after a long, hot, wearying march, or
    haply after battle,
to-day at twilight, hobbling, answering company roll-call, here,
    with vital voice,
reporting yet, saluting yet the officer over all.



}  apparitions

a vague mist hanging round half the pages:
(sometimes how strange and clear to the soul,
that all these solid things are indeed but apparitions, concepts,
    non-realities.)



}  the pallid wreath

somehow i cannot let it go yet, funeral though it is,
let it remain back there on its nail suspended,
with pink, blue, yellow, all blanchd, and the white now gray and ashy,
one witherd rose put years ago for thee, dear friend;
but i do not forget thee. hast thou then faded?
is the odor exhaled? are the colors, vitalities, dead?
no, while memories subtly play--the past vivid as ever;
for but last night i woke, and in that spectral ring saw thee,
thy smile, eyes, face, calm, silent, loving as ever:
so let the wreath hang still awhile within my eye-reach,
it is not yet dead to me, nor even pallid.



}  an ended day

the soothing sanity and blitheness of completion,
the pomp and hurried contest-glare and rush are done;
now triumph! transformation! jubilate!



}  old ages ship and crafty deaths

from east and west across the horizons edge,
two mighty masterful vessels sailers steal upon us:
but well make race a-time upon the seas--a battle-contest yet! bear
    lively there!
(our joys of strife and derring-do to the last!)
put on the old ship all her power to-day!
crowd top-sail, top-gallant and royal studding-sails,
out challenge and defiance--flags and flaunting pennants added,
as we take to the open--take to the deepest, freest waters.



}  to the pending year

have i no weapon-word for thee--some message brief and fierce?
(have i fought out and done indeed the battle?) is there no shot left,
for all thy affectations, lisps, scorns, manifold silliness?
nor for myself--my own rebellious self in thee?

down, down, proud gorge!--though choking thee;
thy bearded throat and high-borne forehead to the gutter;
crouch low thy neck to eleemosynary gifts.



}  shakspere-bacons cipher

i doubt it not--then more, far more;
in each old song bequeathd--in every noble page or text,
(different--something unreckd before--some unsuspected author,)
in every object, mountain, tree, and star--in every birth and life,
as part of each--evolvd from each--meaning, behind the ostent,
a mystic cipher waits infolded.



}  long, long hence

after a long, long course, hundreds of years, denials,
accumulations, rousd love and joy and thought,
hopes, wishes, aspirations, ponderings, victories, myriads of readers,
coating, compassing, covering--after ages and ages encrustations,
then only may these songs reach fruition.



}  bravo, paris exposition!

add to your show, before you close it, france,
with all the rest, visible, concrete, temples, towers, goods,
    machines and ores,
our sentiment wafted from many million heart-throbs, ethereal but solid,
(we grand-sons and great-grandsons do not forget your grandsires,)
from fifty nations and nebulous nations, compacted, sent oversea to-day,
americas applause, love, memories and good-will.



}  interpolation sounds

over and through the burial chant,
organ and solemn service, sermon, bending priests,
to me come interpolation sounds not in the show--plainly to me,
    crowding up the aisle and from the window,
of sudden battles hurry and harsh noises--wars grim game to sight
    and ear in earnest;
the scout calld up and forward--the general mounted and his aides
    around him--the new-brought word--the instantaneous order issued;
the rifle crack--the cannon thud--the rushing forth of men from their
    tents;
the clank of cavalry--the strange celerity of forming ranks--the
    slender bugle note;
the sound of horses hoofs departing--saddles, arms, accoutrements.



}  to the sun-set breeze

ah, whispering, something again, unseen,
where late this heated day thou enterest at my window, door,
thou, laving, tempering all, cool-freshing, gently vitalizing
me, old, alone, sick, weak-down, melted-worn with sweat;
thou, nestling, folding close and firm yet soft, companion better
    than talk, book, art,
(thou hast, o nature! elements! utterance to my heart beyond the
    rest--and this is of them,)
so sweet thy primitive taste to breathe within--thy soothing fingers
    my face and hands,
thou, messenger--magical strange bringer to body and spirit of me,
(distances balkd--occult medicines penetrating me from head to foot,)
i feel the sky, the prairies vast--i feel the mighty northern lakes,
i feel the ocean and the forest--somehow i feel the globe itself
    swift-swimming in space;
thou blown from lips so loved, now gone--haply from endless store,
    god-sent,
(for thou art spiritual, godly, most of all known to my sense,)
minister to speak to me, here and now, what word has never told, and
    cannot tell,
art thou not universal concretes distillation? laws, all
    astronomys last refinement?
hast thou no soul? can i not know, identify thee?



}  old chants

an ancient song, reciting, ending,
once gazing toward thee, mother of all,
musing, seeking themes fitted for thee,
accept me, thou saidst, the elder ballads,
and name for me before thou goest each ancient poet.

(of many debts incalculable,
haply our new worlds chieftest debt is to old poems.)

ever so far back, preluding thee, america,
old chants, egyptian priests, and those of ethiopia,
the hindu epics, the grecian, chinese, persian,
the biblic books and prophets, and deep idyls of the nazarene,
the iliad, odyssey, plots, doings, wanderings of eneas,
hesiod, eschylus, sophocles, merlin, arthur,
the cid, roland at roncesvalles, the nibelungen,
the troubadours, minstrels, minnesingers, skalds,
chaucer, dante, flocks of singing birds,
the border minstrelsy, the bye-gone ballads, feudal tales, essays, plays,
shakespere, schiller, walter scott, tennyson,
as some vast wondrous weird dream-presences,
the great shadowy groups gathering around,
darting their mighty masterful eyes forward at thee,
thou! with as now thy bending neck and head, with courteous hand
    and word, ascending,
thou! pausing a moment, drooping thine eyes upon them, blent
    with their music,
well pleased, accepting all, curiously prepared for by them,
thou enterest at thy entrance porch.



}  a christmas greeting

welcome, brazilian brother--thy ample place is ready;
a loving hand--a smile from the north--a sunny instant hall!
(let the future care for itself, where it reveals its troubles,
    impedimentas,
ours, ours the present throe, the democratic aim, the acceptance and
    the faith;)
to thee to-day our reaching arm, our turning neck--to thee from us
    the expectant eye,
thou cluster free! thou brilliant lustrous one! thou, learning well,
the true lesson of a nations light in the sky,
(more shining than the cross, more than the crown,)
the height to be superb humanity.



}  sounds of the winter

sounds of the winter too,
sunshine upon the mountains--many a distant strain
from cheery railroad train--from nearer field, barn, house,
the whispering air--even the mute crops, garnerd apples, corn,
childrens and womens tones--rhythm of many a farmer and of flail,
an old mans garrulous lips among the rest, think not we give out yet,
forth from these snowy hairs we keep up yet the lilt.



}  a twilight song

as i sit in twilight late alone by the flickering oak-flame,
musing on long-passd war-scenes--of the countless buried unknown
    soldiers,
of the vacant names, as unindented airs and seas--the unreturnd,
the brief truce after battle, with grim burial-squads, and the
    deep-filld trenches
of gatherd from dead all america, north, south, east, west, whence
    they came up,
from wooded maine, new-englands farms, from fertile pennsylvania,
    illinois, ohio,
from the measureless west, virginia, the south, the carolinas, texas,
(even here in my room-shadows and half-lights in the noiseless
    flickering flames,
again i see the stalwart ranks on-filing, rising--i hear the
    rhythmic tramp of the armies;)
you million unwrit names all, all--you dark bequest from all the war,
a special verse for you--a flash of duty long neglected--your mystic
    roll strangely gatherd here,
each name recalld by me from out the darkness and deaths ashes,
henceforth to be, deep, deep within my heart recording, for many
    future year,
your mystic roll entire of unknown names, or north or south,
embalmd with love in this twilight song.



}  when the full-grown poet came

when the full-grown poet came,
out spake pleased nature (the round impassive globe, with all its
    shows of day and night,) saying, he is mine;
but out spake too the soul of man, proud, jealous and unreconciled,
    nay he is mine alone;
--then the full-grown poet stood between the two, and took each
    by the hand;
and to-day and ever so stands, as blender, uniter, tightly holding hands,
which he will never release until he reconciles the two,
and wholly and joyously blends them.



}  osceola

when his hour for death had come,
he slowly raisd himself from the bed on the floor,
drew on his war-dress, shirt, leggings, and girdled the belt around
    his waist,
calld for vermilion paint (his looking-glass was held before him,)
painted half his face and neck, his wrists, and back-hands.
put the scalp-knife carefully in his belt--then lying down, resting
    moment,
rose again, half sitting, smiled, gave in silence his extended hand
    to each and all,
sank faintly low to the floor (tightly grasping the tomahawk handle,)
fixd his look on wife and little children--the last:

(and here a line in memory of his name and death.)



}  a voice from death

a voice from death, solemn and strange, in all his sweep and power,
with sudden, indescribable blow--towns drownd--humanity by
    thousands slain,
the vaunted work of thrift, goods, dwellings, forge, street, iron bridge,
dashd pell-mell by the blow--yet usherd life continuing on,
(amid the rest, amid the rushing, whirling, wild debris,
a suffering woman saved--a baby safely born!)

although i come and unannouncd, in horror and in pang,
in pouring flood and fire, and wholesale elemental crash, (this
    voice so solemn, strange,)
i too a minister of deity.

yea, death, we bow our faces, veil our eyes to thee,
we mourn the old, the young untimely drawn to thee,
the fair, the strong, the good, the capable,
the household wreckd, the husband and the wife, the engulfed forger
    in his forge,
the corpses in the whelming waters and the mud,
the gatherd thousands to their funeral mounds, and thousands never
    found or gatherd.

then after burying, mourning the dead,
(faithful to them found or unfound, forgetting not, bearing the
    past, here new musing,)
a day--a passing moment or an hour--america itself bends low,
silent, resignd, submissive.

war, death, cataclysm like this, america,
take deep to thy proud prosperous heart.

een as i chant, lo! out of death, and out of ooze and slime,
the blossoms rapidly blooming, sympathy, help, love,
from west and east, from south and north and over sea,
its hot-spurrd hearts and hands humanity to human aid moves on;
and from within a thought and lesson yet.

thou ever-darting globe! through space and air!
thou waters that encompass us!
thou that in all the life and death of us, in action or in sleep!
thou laws invisible that permeate them and all,
thou that in all, and over all, and through and under all, incessant!
thou! thou! the vital, universal, giant force resistless, sleepless, calm,
holding humanity as in thy open hand, as some ephemeral toy,
how ill to eer forget thee!

for i too have forgotten,
(wrapt in these little potencies of progress, politics, culture,
    wealth, inventions, civilization,)
have lost my recognition of your silent ever-swaying power, ye
    mighty, elemental throes,
in which and upon which we float, and every one of us is buoyd.



}  a persian lesson

for his oerarching and last lesson the greybeard sufi,
in the fresh scent of the morning in the open air,
on the slope of a teeming persian rose-garden,
under an ancient chestnut-tree wide spreading its branches,
spoke to the young priests and students.

"finally my children, to envelop each word, each part of the rest,
allah is all, all,all--immanent in every life and object,
may-be at many and many-a-more removes--yet allah, allah, allah is there.

"has the estray wanderd far? is the reason-why strangely hidden?
would you sound below the restless ocean of the entire world?
would you know the dissatisfaction? the urge and spur of every life;
the something never stilld--never entirely gone? the invisible need
    of every seed?

"it is the central urge in every atom,
(often unconscious, often evil, downfallen,)
to return to its divine source and origin, however distant,
latent the same in subject and in object, without one exception."



}  the commonplace

the commonplace i sing;
how cheap is health! how cheap nobility!
abstinence, no falsehood, no gluttony, lust;
the open air i sing, freedom, toleration,
(take here the mainest lesson--less from books--less from the schools,)
the common day and night--the common earth and waters,
your farm--your work, trade, occupation,
the democratic wisdom underneath, like solid ground for all.



}  "the rounded catalogue divine complete"

the devilish and the dark, the dying and diseasd,
the countless (nineteen-twentieths) low and evil, crude and savage,
the crazed, prisoners in jail, the horrible, rank, malignant,
venom and filth, serpents, the ravenous sharks, liars, the dissolute;
(what is the part the wicked and the loathesome bear within earths
    orbic scheme?)
newts, crawling things in slime and mud, poisons,
the barren soil, the evil men, the slag and hideous rot.



}  mirages

more experiences and sights, stranger, than youd think for;
times again, now mostly just after sunrise or before sunset,
sometimes in spring, oftener in autumn, perfectly clear weather, in
    plain sight,
camps far or near, the crowded streets of cities and the shopfronts,
(account for it or not--credit or not--it is all true,
and my mate there could tell you the like--we have often confabd
    about it,)
people and scenes, animals, trees, colors and lines, plain as could be,
farms and dooryards of home, paths borderd with box, lilacs in corners,
weddings in churches, thanksgiving dinners, returns of long-absent sons,
glum funerals, the crape-veild mother and the daughters,
trials in courts, jury and judge, the accused in the box,
contestants, battles, crowds, bridges, wharves,
now and then markd faces of sorrow or joy,
(i could pick them out this moment if i saw them again,)
showd to me--just to the right in the sky-edge,
or plainly there to the left on the hill-tops.



}  l. of g.s purport

not to exclude or demarcate, or pick out evils from their formidable
    masses (even to expose them,)
but add, fuse, complete, extend--and celebrate the immortal and the good.
haughty this song, its words and scope,
to span vast realms of space and time,
evolution--the cumulative--growths and generations.

begun in ripend youth and steadily pursued,
wandering, peering, dallying with all--war, peace, day and night
    absorbing,
never even for one brief hour abandoning my task,
i end it here in sickness, poverty, and old age.

i sing of life, yet mind me well of death:
to-day shadowy death dogs my steps, my seated shape, and has for years--
draws sometimes close to me, as face to face.



}  the unexpressd

how dare one say it?
after the cycles, poems, singers, plays,
vaunted ionias, indias--homer, shakspere--the long, long times
    thick dotted roads, areas,
the shining clusters and the milky ways of stars--natures pulses reapd,
all retrospective passions, heroes, war, love, adoration,
all ages plummets dropt to their utmost depths,
all human lives, throats, wishes, brains--all experiences utterance;
after the countless songs, or long or short, all tongues, all lands,
still something not yet told in poesys voice or print--something lacking,
(who knows? the best yet unexpressd and lacking.)



}  grand is the seen

grand is the seen, the light, to me--grand are the sky and stars,
grand is the earth, and grand are lasting time and space,
and grand their laws, so multiform, puzzling, evolutionary;
but grander far the unseen soul of me, comprehending, endowing all those,
lighting the light, the sky and stars, delving the earth, sailing
    the sea,
(what were all those, indeed, without thee, unseen soul? of what
    amount without thee?)
more evolutionary, vast, puzzling, o my soul!
more multiform far--more lasting thou than they.



}  unseen buds

unseen buds, infinite, hidden well,
under the snow and ice, under the darkness, in every square or cubic inch,
germinal, exquisite, in delicate lace, microscopic, unborn,
like babes in wombs, latent, folded, compact, sleeping;
billions of billions, and trillions of trillions of them waiting,
(on earth and in the sea--the universe--the stars there in the
    heavens,)
urging slowly, surely forward, forming endless,
and waiting ever more, forever more behind.



}  good-bye my fancy!

good-bye my fancy!
farewell dear mate, dear love!
im going away, i know not where,
or to what fortune, or whether i may ever see you again,
so good-bye my fancy.

now for my last--let me look back a moment;
the slower fainter ticking of the clock is in me,
exit, nightfall, and soon the heart-thud stopping.

long have we lived, joyd, caressd together;
delightful!--now separation--good-bye my fancy.

yet let me not be too hasty,
long indeed have we lived, slept, filterd, become really blended
    into one;
then if we die we die together, (yes, well remain one,)
if we go anywhere well go together to meet what happens,
may-be well be better off and blither, and learn something,
may-be it is yourself now really ushering me to the true songs, (who
    knows?)
may-be it is you the mortal knob really undoing, turning--so now finally,
good-bye--and hail! my fancy.





the poems of

william wordsworth


shorter poems (1807–1820)

“mark the concentred hazels that enclose”

mark the concentred hazels that enclose

yon old grey stone, protected from the ray

of noontide suns:—and even the beams that play

and glance, while wantonly the rough wind blows,

are seldom free to touch the moss that grows

5

upon that roof—amid embowering gloom

the very image framing of a tomb,

in which some ancient chieftain finds repose

among the lonely mountains.—live, ye trees!

and thou, grey stone, the pensive likeness keep

10

of a dark chamber where the mighty sleep:

for more than fancy to the influence bends

when solitary nature condescends

to mimic time’s forlorn humanities.

“the shepherd, looking eastward, softly said”

the shepherd, looking eastward, softly said,

“bright is thy veil, o moon, as thou art bright!”

forthwith, that little cloud, in ether spread,

and penetrated all with tender light,

she cast away, and shewed her fulgent head

5

uncover’d;—dazzling the beholder’s sight

as if to vindicate her beauty’s right,

her beauty thoughtlessly disparaged.

meanwhile that veil, removed or thrown aside,

went, floating from her, darkening as it went;

10

and a huge mass, to bury or to hide,

approached this glory of the firmament;

who meekly yields, and is obscur’d;—content

with one calm triumph of a modest pride.

  for  the  sources  of  the  reading  texts  and  the  editor’s  commentary  see  shorter poems, 1807–1820, ed. carl h. ketcham (989).

12 the poems of william wordsworth

“eve’s lingering clouds extend in solid bars”

eve’s lingering clouds extend in solid bars

through the grey west; and lo! these waters, steeled

by breezeless air to smoothest polish, yield

a vivid repetition of the stars;

jove—venus—and the ruddy crest of mars,

5

amid his fellows, beauteously revealed

at happy distance from earth’s groaning field,

where ruthless mortals wage incessant wars.

is it a mirror?—or the nether sphere

opening its vast abyss, while fancy feeds

10

on the rich show!—but list! a voice is near;

great pan himself low-whispering through the reeds,

“be thankful thou; for, if unholy deeds

ravage the world, tranquillity is here!”

sonnet on milton

amid the dark control of lawless sway,

ambitions, rivalry, fanatic hate

and various ills that shook the unsettled state,

the dauntless bard pursued his studious way,

not more his lofty genius to display,

5

than raise and dignify our mortal date,

and sing the blessings which the just await,

that man might hence in humble hope obey.

thus on a rock in norway’s bleak domain,

nature impels the stately pine to grow;

10

[ ]

and restless ocean dashes all below:

still he preserves his firm majestic reign

while added strength his spreading branches shew.

  “the  subject  from  symonds’s  life.”  ww’s  ms.  note.  dw  left  a  gap  in  the  manuscript at l. .

shorter poems (1807–1820) 13

elegiac stanzas,

composed in the churchyard of grasmere, westmorland,

a few days after the interment there, of a man and

his wife, inhabitants of the vale, who were lost

upon the neighbouring mountains, on the night

of the nineteenth of march last

who weeps for strangers?—many wept

for george and sarah green;

wept for that pair’s unhappy end,

whose grave may here be seen.



by night, upon these stormy heights

5

did wife and husband roam:

six little-ones the pair had left

and could not find their home.



for any dwelling-place of men

as vainly did they seek.—

10

he perish’d, and a voice was heard,

the widow’s lonely shriek.



down the dark precipice he fell,

and she was left alone,

not long to think of her children dear,

15

not long to pray or groan!

a few wild steps—she too was left,

a body without life!

the chain of but a few wild steps

to the husband bound the wife.

20

now lodge they in one grave, this grave,

a house with two-fold roof,

two hillocks but one grave, their own,

a covert tempest-proof.



and from all agony of mind

25

it keeps them safe and far,

14 the poems of william wordsworth

from fear, and from all need of hope,

from sun, or guiding star.

our peace is of the immortal soul,

our anguish is of clay;

30

such bounty is in heaven, so pass

the bitterest pangs away.



three days did teach the mother’s babe

forgetfully to rest

in reconcilement how serene!

35

upon another’s breast.



the trouble of the elder brood

i know not that it stay’d

so long—they seiz’d their joy, and they

have sung, and danc’d, and play’d.

40



now do the sternly-featur’d hills

look gently on this grave,

and quiet now is the depth of air

as a sea without a wave.



but deeper lies the heart of peace,

45

in shelter more profound;

the heart of quietness is here,

within this church-yard ground.



o darkness of the grave! how calm

after that living night,

50

that last and dreary living one

of sorrow and affright!

o sacred marriage-bed of death

that holds them side by side,

in bond of love, in bond of god,

55

which may not be untied!

shorter poems (1807–1820) 15

“a few bold patriots, reliques of the fight”

a few bold patriots, reliques of the fight

that crush’d the gothic sovereignty of spain,

beneath pelayo’s banner did unite;

in hope they from the arabian crescent fled,

and when their steps had measured [ ] plain,

5

cross’d deva’s [ ] flood and [ ] snow-clad height,

and wound through depth of many a sunless vale

on which the noontide dew lay wet and pale,

and now had reach’d auseva’s rugged breast,

the leader turn’d, and from a jutting rock,

10

calm as a shepherd beck’ning to his flock,

the little band addrest.

“stop, christian warriors, faithful and undaunted!

this hill shall be our fortress and the gloom

of yon wide cave our harbour or our tomb.

15

yet if the saints and pitying angels bless

the efforts of the brave in their distress,

not vainly shall your standard here be planted!

with swords to guard our virtue are we come

to these asturian wilds, a proud retreat

20

where friends surround us in their antient seat,

an inextinguishable people’s home.

aloft while here we hover, night and day

shall multiply our host and strengthen our array.

—what earthly power can check the gathering clouds

25

when from afar, along the craggy chain

of these huge mountains they appear in crowds?

what mortal enmity the work restrain?

which an impenetrable darkness shrouds

while steadfastly embodied they remain,

30

feeding a silent force of thunder, wind, and rain,

which at the sovereign word

of their almighty lord

breaks forth and spreads in ravage o’er the plain—

  this  version  is  the  earliest  recoverable  beneath  later  revisions.  the  poem  was  left incomplete.

16 the poems of william wordsworth

no otherwise shall we descend and quell

35

the astounded infidel.

“meanwhile till heav’n, o patient warriors, call

our valor to the onset, yon wide cave

which opens like a ready grave

for desperate fugitives, to us shall be

40

a legislative hall

chear’d by the gladsome voice of liberty;

and to that sanctuary dark

will we entrust the holy ark,

the covenant of the faith

45

that saves the soul from death,

and shall uphold our frail and mortal hands

till we, or men as brave, the favored bands

of our exalted countrymen, regain

for lordship without end the fields of universal spain.”

50

thus spake pelayo on his chosen hill;

and shall at this late [ ] the heavens belie

the heroic prophecy

and put to shame the great diviner’s skill?

the power which, issuing like a slender rill

55

from those high places, waxed by slow degrees,

swoln with access of many sovereignties,

and gained a river’s strength and rolled a mighty wave—

the stream which in pelayo’s cave

upon the illustrious mountain took its birth—

60

has disappeared from earth:

a foreign tyrant speaks his impious will,

and spain hath own’d the monarch which he gave.

most horrible attempt! unthought-of hour

of human shame and black indignity!

65

alas, not unprovoked those tempests low’r,

not uninvited this malignity.

full long relinquishing a precious dower

by gothic virtue won, secured by oath

of king and people pledged in mutual troth,

70

the spaniard hath approached on servile knee

the native ruler; all too willingly

shorter poems (1807–1820) 17

full many an age in that degenerate land

the rightful master hath betrayed his trust.

earthward the imperial flower was bent

75

in mortal languishment;

this knew the spoiler whose victorious hand

hath snapp’d th’enfeebled stalk and laid its head in dust.

“say, what is honour?—tis the finest sense”

say, what is honour?—tis the finest sense

of justice which the human mind can frame,

intent each lurking frailty to disclaim,

and guard the way of life from all offence

suffered or done. when lawless violence

5

a kingdom doth assault, and in the scale

of perilous war her weightiest armies fail,

honour is hopeful elevation—whence

glory—and triumph. yet with politic skill

endangered states may yield to terms unjust,

10

stoop their proud heads;—but not unto the dust,—

a foe’s most favourite purpose to fulfil!

happy occasions oft by self-mistrust

are forfeited; but infamy doth kill.

composed while the author was engaged in writing a tract, occasioned

by the convention of cintra, 1808

not ’mid the world’s vain objects that enslave

the free-born soul,—that world whose vaunted skill

in selfish interest perverts the will,

whose factions lead astray the wise and brave;

not there! but in dark wood and rocky cave,

5

and hollow vale which foaming torrents fill

with omnipresent murmur as they rave

down their steep beds that never shall be still:

here, mighty nature!—in this school sublime

i weigh the hopes and fears of suffering spain:

10

for her consult the auguries of time,

and through the human heart explore my way,

and look and listen,—gathering where i may

triumph, and thoughts no bondage can restrain.

18 the poems of william wordsworth

composed at the same time, and on the same occasion

i dropped my pen;—and listened to the wind

that sang of trees up-torn and vessels tost;

—a midnight harmony, and wholly lost

to the general sense of men by chains confined

of business, care, or pleasure,—or resigned

5

to timely sleep.— thought i, the impassioned strain,

which, without aid of numbers, i sustain,

like acceptation from the world will find.

yet some with apprehensive ear shall drink

a dirge devoutly breathed o’er sorrows past,

10

and to the attendant promise will give heed,

the prophecy,—like that of this wild blast,

which, while it makes the heart with sadness shrink,

tells also of bright calms that shall succeed.

“hail, zaragoza! if with unwet eye”

hail, zaragoza! if with unwet eye

we can approach, thy sorrow to behold,

yet is the heart not pitiless nor cold;

such spectacle demands not tear or sigh.

these desolate remains are trophies high

5

of more than martial courage in the breast

of peaceful civic virtue: they attest

thy matchless worth to all posterity.

blood flowed before thy sight without remorse;

disease consumed thy vitals; war upheaved

10

the ground beneath thee with volcanic force;

dread trials! yet encountered and sustained

till not a wreck of help or hope remained,

and law was from necessity received.

1810

ah! where is palafox? nor tongue nor pen

reports of him, his dwelling or his grave!

does yet the unheard-of vessel ride the wave?

or is she swallowed up—remote from ken

of pitying human nature? once again

5

shorter poems (1807–1820) 19

methinks that we shall hail thee, champion brave,

redeemed to baffle that imperial slave;

and through all europe cheer desponding men

with new-born hope. unbounded is the might

of martyrdom, and fortitude, and right.

10

hark, how thy country triumphs!—smilingly

the eternal looks upon her sword that gleams,

like his own lightning, over mountains high,

on rampart, and the banks of all her streams.

“call not the royal swede unfortunate”

call not the royal swede unfortunate

who never did to fortune bend the knee;

who slighted fear,—rejected steadfastly

temptation; and whose kingly name and state

have “perished by his choice, and not his fate!”

5

hence lives he, to his inner self endeared;

and hence, wherever virtue is revered,

he sits a more exalted potentate,

throned in the hearts of men. should heaven ordain

that this great servant of a righteous cause

10

must still have sad or vexing thoughts to endure,

yet may a sympathizing spirit pause,

admonished by these truths, and quench all pain

in thankful joy and gratulation pure.

“look now on that adventurer who hath paid”

look now on that adventurer who hath paid

his vows to fortune; who, in cruel slight

of virtuous hope, of liberty, and right,

hath followed wheresoe’er a way was made

by the blind goddess;—ruthless, undismayed;

5

and so hath gained at length a prosperous height,

round which the elements of worldly might

beneath his haughty feet, like clouds, are laid.

o joyless power that stands by lawless force!

curses are his dire portion, scorn, and hate,

10

internal darkness and unquiet breath;

and, if old judgments keep their sacred course,

20 the poems of william wordsworth

him from that height shall heaven precipitate

by violent and ignominious death.

“is there a power that can sustain and cheer”

is there a power that can sustain and cheer

the captive chieftain—by a tyrant’s doom

forced to descend alive into his tomb,

a dungeon dark!—where he must waste the year,

and lie cut off from all his heart holds dear;

5

what time his injured country is a stage

whereon deliberate yalour and the rage

of righteous vengeance side by side appear,—

filling from morn to night the heroic scene

with deeds of hope and everlasting praise:

10

say can he think of this with mind serene

and silent fetters?— yes, if visions bright

shine on his soul, reflected from the days

when he himself was tried in open light.

“brave schill! by death delivered, take thy flight”

brave schill! by death delivered, take thy flight

from prussia’s timid region. go, and rest

with heroes ’mid the islands of the blest,

or in the fields of empyrean light.

a meteor wert thou in a darksome night;

5

yet shall thy name, conspicuous and sublime,

stand in the spacious firmament of time,

fixed as a star: such glory is thy right.

alas! it may not be: for earthly fame

is fortune’s frail dependant; yet there lives

10

a judge, who, as man claims by merit, gives;

to whose all-pondering mind a noble aim,

faithfully kept, is as a noble deed;

in whose pure sight all virtue doth succeed.

feelings of the tyrolese

the land we from our fathers had in trust,

and to our children will transmit, or die:

this is our maxim, this our piety;

shorter poems (1807–1820) 21

and god and nature say that it is just.

that which we would perform in arms—we must!

5

we read the dictate in the infant’s eye;

in the wife’s smile; and in the placid sky;

and, at our feet, amid the silent dust

of them that were before us.—sing aloud

old songs, the precious music of the heart!

10

give, herds and flocks! your voices to the wind!

while we go forth, a self-devoted crowd,

with weapons in the fearless hand, to assert

our virtue, and to vindicate mankind.

“alas! what boots the long, laborious quest”

alas! what boots the long, laborious quest

of moral prudence, sought through good and ill,

or pains abstruse, to elevate the will,

and lead us on to that transcend ant rest

where every passion shall the sway attest

5

of reason seated on her sovereign hill;—

what is it but a vain and curious skill,

if sapient germany must lie deprest,

beneath the brutal sword?—her haughty schools

shall blush; and may not we with sorrow say,

10

a few strong instincts and a few plain rules,

among the herdsmen of the alps, have wrought

more for mankind at this unhappy day

than all the pride of intellect and thought.

“and is it among rude untutored dales”

and is it among rude untutored dales,

there, and there only, that the heart is true?

and, rising to repel or to subdue,

is it by rocks and woods that man prevails?

ah, no!—though nature’s dread protection fails

5

there is a bulwark in the soul.— this knew

iberian burghers when the sword they drew

in zaragoza, naked to the gales

of fiercely-breathing war. the truth was felt

by palafox, and many a brave compeer,

10

22 the poems of william wordsworth

like him of noble birth and noble mind;

by ladies, meek-eyed women without fear;

and wanderers of the street, to whom is dealt

the bread which without industry they find.

“o’er the wide earth, on mountain and on plain”

o’er the wide earth, on mountain and on plain,

dwells in the affections and the soul of man

a godhead, like the universal pan,

but more exalted, with a brighter train.

and shall his bounty be dispensed in vain,

5

showered equally on city and on field,

and neither hope nor steadfast promise yield

in these usurping times of fear and pain?

such doom awaits us.—nay, forbid it heaven!

we know the arduous strife, the eternal laws

10

to which the triumph of all good is given,

high sacrifice, and labour without pause,

even to the death:—else wherefore should the eye

of man converse with immortality?

“advance—come forth from thy tyrolean ground”

advance—come forth from thy tyrolean ground

dear liberty!—stern nymph of soul untamed,

sweet nymph, oh! rightly of the mountains named!

through the long chain of alps from mound to mound

and o’er the eternal snows, like echo, bound,—

5

like echo, when the hunter-train at dawn

have rouzed her from her sleep: and forest-lawn,

cliffs, woods, and caves her viewless steps resound

and babble of her pastime!—on, dread power,

with such invisible motion speed thy flight,

10

through hanging clouds, from craggy height to height,

through the green vales and through the herdsman’s bower,

that all the alps may gladden in thy might,

here, there, and in all places at one hour.

hôffer

of mortal parents is the hero born

shorter poems (1807–1820) 23

by whom the undaunted tyrolese are led?

or is it tell’s great spirit, from the dead

returned to animate an age forlorn?

he comes like phœbus through the gates of morn

5

when dreary darkness is discomfited:

yet mark his modest state!—upon his head,

that simple crest—a heron’s plume—is worn.

o liberty! they stagger at the shock;

the murderers are aghast; they strive to flee

10

and half their host is buried:—rock on rock

descends:—beneath this godlike warrior, see!

hills, torrents, woods, embodied to bemock

the tyrant, and confound his cruelty.

on the final submission of the tyrolese

it was a moral end for which they fought;

else how, when mighty thrones were put to shame,

could they, poor shepherds, have preserved an aim,

a resolution, or enlivening thought?

nor hath that moral good been vainly sought;

5

for in their magnanimity and fame

powers have they left—an impulse—and a claim

which neither can be overturned nor bought.

sleep, warriors, sleep! among your hills repose!

we know that ye, beneath the stern controul

10

of awful prudence, keep the unvanquished soul.

and when, impatient of her guilt and woes

europe breaks forth; then, shepherds! shall ye rise

for perfect triumph o’er your enemies.

[epitaphs translated from chiabrera]

“true is it that ambrosio salinero”

true is it that ambrosio salinero

with an untoward fate was long involved

in odious litigation; and full long,

fate harder still! had he to endure assaults

  gabriello chiabrera (552–638).

24 the poems of william wordsworth

of racking malady. and true it is

5

that not the less a frank courageous heart

and buoyant spirit triumphed over pain;

and he was strong to follow in the steps

of the fair muses. not a covert path

leads to the dear parnassian forest’s shade,

10

that might from him be hidden; not a track

mounts to pellucid hippocrene, but he

had traced its windings.— this savona knows,

yet no sepulchral honors to her son

she paid, for in our age the heart is ruled

15

only by gold. and now a simple stone

inscribed with this memorial here is raised

by his bereft, his lonely, chiabrera.

think not, o passenger! who read’st the lines

that an exceeding love hath dazzled me;

20

no—he was one whose memory ought to spread

where’er permessus bears an honoured name,

and live as long as its pure stream shall flow.

“not without heavy grief of heart did he”

not without heavy grief of heart did he,

on whom the duty fell, (for at that time

the father sojourned in a distant land)

deposit in the hollow of this tomb

a brother’s child, most tenderly beloved!

5

francesco was the name the youth had borne,

pozzobonnelli his illustrious house;

and when beneath this stone the corse was laid

the eyes of all savona streamed with tears.

alas! the twentieth april of his life

10

had scarcely flowered: and at this early time,

by genuine virtue he inspired a hope

that greatly cheered his country: to his kin

he promised comfort; and the flattering thoughts

his friends had in their fondness entertained,

15

he suffered not to languish or decay.

  “in justice to the author i subjoin the original.

—————e degli amici

non lasciava languire i bei pensieri.” ww

shorter poems (1807–1820) 25

now is there not good reason to break forth

into a passionate lament?—o soul!

short while a pilgrim in our nether world,

do thou enjoy the calm empyreal air;

20

and round this earthly tomb let roses rise,

an everlasting spring! in memory

of that delightful fragrance which was once,

from thy mild manners, quietly exhaled.

“pause, courteous spirit!—balbi supplicates”

pause, courteous spirit!—balbi supplicates

that thou, with no reluctant voice, for him

here laid in mortal darkness, wouldst prefer

a prayer to the redeemer of the world.

this to the dead by sacred right belongs;

5

all else is nothing.—did occasion suit

to tell his worth, the marble of this tomb

would ill suffice: for plato’s lore sublime

and all the wisdom of the stagyrite

enriched and beautified his studious mind:

10

with archimedes also he conversed

as with a chosen friend, nor did he leave

those laureat wreaths ungathered which the nymphs

twine on the top of pindus.—finally,

himself above each lower thought uplifting,

15

his ears he closed to listen to the song

which sion’s kings did consecrate of old;

and fixed his pindus upon lebanon.

a blessed man! who of protracted days

made not, as thousands do, a vulgar sleep;

20

but truly did he live his life.—urbino

take pride in him;—o passenger farewell!

“there never breathed a man who when his life”

there never breathed a man who when his life

was closing might not of that life relate

toils long and hard.— the warrior will report

of wounds, and bright swords flashing in the field,

and blast of trumpets. he, who hath been doomed

5

26 the poems of william wordsworth

to bow his forehead in the courts of kings,

will tell of fraud and never-ceasing hate,

envy, and heart-inquietude, derived

from intricate cabals of treacherous friends.

i, who on ship-board lived from earliest youth,

10

could represent the countenance horrible

of the vexed waters, and the indignant rage

of auster and boötes. forty years

over the well-steered gallies did i rule:—

from huge pelorus to the atlantic pillars,

15

rises no mountain to mine eyes unknown;

and the broad gulfs i traversed oft—and—oft:

of every cloud which in the heavens might stir

i knew the force; and hence the rough sea’s pride

availed not to my yessel’s overthrow.

20

what noble pomp and frequent have not i

on regal decks beheld! yet in the end

i learn that one poor moment can suffice

to equalize the lofty and the low.

we sail the sea of life—a calm one finds,

25

and one a tempest—and, the voyage o’er,

death is the quiet haven of us all.

if more of my condition ye would know,

savona was my birth-place, and i sprang

of noble parents: sixty years and three

30

lived i—then yielded to a slow disease.

“destined to war from very infancy”

destined to war from very infancy

was i, roberto dati, and i took

in malta the white symbol of the cross.

nor in life’s vigorous season did i shun

hazard or toil; among the sands was seen

5

of lybia, and not seldom on the banks

of wide hungarian danube, ’twas my lot

to hear the sanguinary trumpet sounded.

so lived i, and repined not at such fate;

this only grieves me, for it seems a wrong,

10

that stripped of arms i to my end am brought

shorter poems (1807–1820) 27

on the soft down of my paternal home.

yet haply arno shall be spared all cause

to blush for me. thou, loiter not nor halt

in thy appointed way, and bear in mind

15

how fleeting and how frail is human life.

“weep not, beloved friends! nor let the air”

weep not, beloved friends! nor let the air

for me with sighs be troubled. not from life

have i been taken; this is genuine life

and this alone—the life which now i live

in peace eternal; where desire and joy

5

together move in fellowship without end.—

francesco ceni after death enjoined

that thus his tomb should speak for him. and surely

small cause there is for that fond wish of ours

long to continue in this world; a world

10

that keeps not faith, nor yet can point a hope

to good, whereof itself is destitute.

“perhaps some needful service of the state”

perhaps some needful service of the state

drew titus from the depth of studious bowers,

and doomed him to contend in faithless courts,

where gold determines between right and wrong.

yet did at length his loyalty of heart

5

and his pure native genius lead him back

to wait upon the bright and gracious muses

whom he had early loved. and not in vain

such course he held! bologna’s learned schools

were gladdened by the sage’s voice, and hung

10

with fondness on those sweet nestorian strains.

there pleasure crowned his days; and all his thoughts

a roseate fragrance breathed.—o human life,

that never art secure from dolorous change!

behold a high injunction suddenly

15

    “i vi vivea giocondo e i suoi pensieri

  erano tutti rose.

the translator had not skill to come nearer to his original.” ww

28 the poems of william wordsworth

to arno’s side conducts him, and he charmed

a tuscan audience: but full soon was called

to the perpetual silence of the grave.

mourn, italy, the loss of him who stood

a champion steadfast and invincible,

20

to quell the rage of literary war!

“o thou who movest onward with a mind”

o thou who movest onward with a mind

intent upon thy way, pause though in haste!

’twill be no fruitless moment. i was born

within savona’s walls of gentle blood.

on tiber’s banks my youth was dedicate

5

to sacred studies; and the roman shepherd

gave to my charge urbino’s numerous flock.

much did i watch, much laboured; nor had power

to escape from many and strange indignities;

was smitten by the great ones of the world

10

but did not fall, for virtue braves all shocks,

upon herself resting immoveably.

me did a kindlier fortune then invite

to serve the glorious henry, king of france,

and in his hands i saw a high reward

15

stretched out for my acceptance—but death came.—

now, reader, learn from this my fate—how false,

how treacherous to her promise is the world,

and trust in god—to whose eternal doom

must bend the sceptred potentates of earth.

20

“o lelius, beauteous flower of gentleness”

o lelius, beauteous flower of gentleness,

the fair aglaia’s friend above all friends,

o darling of the fascinating loves,

by what dire envy moved did de[a]th uproot

thy days e’er yet full blown and what ill chance

5

hath robbed savona of her noblest grace?

she weeps for thee and shall for ever weep,

and if the fountain of her tears should fail

she would implore sabete to supply

shorter poems (1807–1820) 29

her need—sabete, sympathizing stream

10

who on his margin saw thee close thine eyes

on the chaste bosom of thy lady dear.

oh what do riches, what does youth avail?

dust are our hopes; i weeping did inscribe

in bitterness thy monument and pray

15

of every gentle spirit bitterly

to read the record with as copious tears.

“torquato tasso rests within this tomb”

torquato tasso rests within this tomb;

this figure weeping from her inmost heart

is poesy; from such impassioned grief

let everyone conclude what this man was.

“o flower of all that springs from gentle blood”

o flower of all that springs from gentle blood,

and all that generous nurture breeds, to make

youth amiable; o friend so true of soul

to fair aglaia; by what envy moved,

lelius! has death cut short thy brilliant day

5

in its sweet opening? and what dire mishap

has from savona torn her best delight?

for thee she mourns, nor e’er will cease to mourn;

and, should the out-pourings of her eyes suffice not

for her heart’s grief, she will entreat sebeto

10

not to withhold his bounteous aid, sebeto

who saw thee, on his margin, yield to death,

in the chaste arms of thy belovéd love!

what profit riches? what does youth avail?

dust are our hopes;—i, weeping bitterly,

15

penned these sad lines, nor can forbear to pray

that every gentle spirit hither led

may read them not without some bitter tears.

——————————

30 the poems of william wordsworth

the oak of guernica

the ancient oak of guernica, says laborde in his account of biscay, is a

most venerable natural monument. ferdinand and isabella, in the year 1476,

after hearing mass in the church of santa maria de la antigua, repaired to

this tree, under which they swore to the biscayans to maintain their fueros

(privileges). what other interest belongs to it in the minds of this people will

appear from the following

supposed address to the same

1810

oak of guernica! tree of holier power

than that which in dodona did enshrine

(so faith too fondly deemed) a voice divine

heard from the depths of its aerial bower,

how canst thou flourish at this blighting hour?

5

what hope, what joy can sunshine bring to thee,

or the soft breezes from the atlantic sea,

the dews of morn, or april’s tender shower?

——stroke merciful and welcome would that be

which should extend thy branches on the ground,

10

if never more within their shady round

those lofty-minded lawgivers shall meet,

peasant and lord, in their appointed seat,

guardians of biscay’s ancient liberty.

“in due observance of an ancient rite”

in due observance of an ancient rite,

the rude biscayans, when their children lie

dead in the sinless time of infancy,

attire the peaceful corse in vestments white;

and, in like sign of cloudless triumph bright,

5

they bind the unoffending creature’s brows

with happy garlands of the pure white rose:

this done, a festal company unite

in choral song; and, while the uplifted cross

of jesus goes before, the child is borne

10

uncovered to his grave.—her piteous loss

the lonesome mother cannot chuse but mourn;

shorter poems (1807–1820) 31

yet soon by christian faith is grief subdued,

and joy attends upon her fortitude.

feelings of a noble biscayan

at one of these funerals

1810

yet, yet, biscayans, we must meet our foes

with firmer soul,—yet labour to regain

our ancient freedom; else ’twere worse than vain

to gather round the bier these festal shows!

a garland fashioned of the pure white rose

5

becomes not one whose father is a slave:

oh! bear the infant covered to his grave!

these venerable mountains now enclose

a people sunk in apathy and fear.

if this endure, farewell, for us, all good!

10

the awful light of heavenly innocence

will fail to illuminate the infant’s bier;

and guilt and shame, from which is no defence,

descend on all that issues from our blood.

1810

o’erweening statesmen have full long relied

on fleets and armies, and external wealth:

but from within proceeds a nation’s health;

which shall not fail, though poor men cleave with pride

to the paternal floor; or turn aside,

5

in the thronged city, from the walks of gain,

as being all unworthy to detain

a soul by contemplation sanctified.

there are who cannot languish in this strife,

spaniards of every rank, by whom the good

10

of such high course was felt and understood;

who to their country’s cause have bound a life,

ere while by solemn consecration given

to labour, and to prayer, to nature, and to heaven.

  “see laborde’s character of the spanish people; from him the sentiment of these two

last lines is taken.” ww; he cites from alexander de laborde,  a view of spain (5 vols., london, 809).

32 the poems of william wordsworth

“avaunt all specious pliancy of mind”

avaunt all specious pliancy of mind

in men of low degree, all smooth pretence!

i better like a blunt indifference

and self-respecting slowness, disinclined

to win me at first sight:—and be there joined

5

patience and temperance with this high reserve,—

honour that knows the path and will not swerve;

affections, which, if put to proof, are kind;

and piety tow’rds god.—such men of old

were england’s native growth; and, throughout spain,

10

forests of such do at this day remain;

then for that country let our hopes be bold;

for matched with these shall policy prove vain,

her arts, her strength, her iron, and her gold.

indignation of a high-minded spaniard. 1810

we can endure that he should waste our lands,

despoil our temples,—and by sword and flame

return us to the dust from which we came;

such food a tyrant’s appetite demands:

and we can brook the thought that by his hands

5

spain may be overpowered, and he possess,

for his delight, a solemn wilderness,

where all the brave lie dead. but when of bands,

which he will break for us, he dares to speak,—

of benefits, and of a future day

10

when our enlightened minds shall bless his sway,

then, the strained heart of fortitude proves weak:

our groans, our blushes, our pale cheeks declare

that he has power to inflict what we lack strength to bear.

the french, and the spanish guerillas

hunger, and sultry heat, and nipping blast

from bleak hill-top, and length of march by night

through heavy swamp, or over snow-clad height,

these hardships ill sustained, these dangers past,

the roving spanish bands are reached at last,

5

shorter poems (1807–1820) 33

charged, and dispersed like foam:—but as a flight

of scattered quails by signs do reunite

so these,—and, heard of once again, are chased

with combinations of long practised art

and newly-kindled hope;—but they are fled,

10

gone are they, viewless as the buried dead;

where now?— their sword is at the foeman’s heart!

and thus from year to year his walk they thwart,

and hang like dreams around his guilty bed.

spanish guerillas. 1811

they seek, are sought; to daily battle led,

shrink not, though far out-numbered by their foes:

for they have learnt to open and to close

the ridges of grim war; and at their head

are captains such as erst their country bred

5

or fostered, self-supported chiefs,—like those

whom hardy rome was fearful to oppose,

whose desperate shock the carthaginian fled.

in one who lived unknown a shepherd’s life

redoubted viriatus breathes again;

10

and mina, nourished in the studious shade,

with that great leader vies, who, sick of strife

and bloodshed, longed in quiet to be laid

in some green island of the western main.

“the martial courage of a day is vain—”

the martial courage of a day is vain—

an empty noise of death the battle’s roar—

if vital hope be wanting to restore,

or fortitude be wanting to sustain,

armies or kingdoms. we have heard a strain

5

of triumph, how the labouring danube bore

a weight of hostile corses: drenched with gore

were the wide fields, the hamlets heaped with slain.

yet see, the mighty tumult overpast,

austria a daughter of her throne hath sold!

10

and her tyrolean champion we behold

murdered like one ashore by shipwreck cast,

34 the poems of william wordsworth

murdered without relief. oh! blind as bold,

to think that such assurance can stand fast!

conclusion. 1811

here pause: the poet claims at least this praise

that virtuous liberty hath been the scope

of his pure song, which did not shrink from hope

in the worst moment of these evil days;

from hope, the paramount duty that heaven lays,

5

for its own honour, on man’s suffering heart.

never may from our souls one truth depart,

that an accursed thing it is to gaze

on prosperous tyrants with a dazzled eye;

nor, touched with due abhorrence of their guilt

10

for whose dire ends tears flow, and blood is spilt,

and justice labours in extremity,

forget thy weakness, upon which is built,

o wretched man, the throne of tyranny!

1811

the power of armies is a visible thing,

formal, and circumscribed in time and place;

but who the limits of that power can trace

which a brave people into light can bring,

or hide, at will,—for freedom combating,

5

by just revenge enflamed? no foot can chase,

no eye can follow to a fatal place

that power, that spirit, whether on the wing

like the strong wind, or sleeping like the wind

within its awful caves.—from year to year

10

springs this indigenous produce far and near;

no craft this subtle element can bind,

rising like water from the soil, to find

in every nook a lip that it may cheer.

on a celebrated event in ancient history

a roman master stands on grecian ground,

and to the concourse of the isthmian games

he, by his herald’s voice, aloud proclaims

shorter poems (1807–1820) 35

the liberty of greece:—the words rebound

until all voices in one voice are drowned;

5

glad acclamation by which air was rent!

and birds, high-flying in the element,

dropped to the earth, astonished at the sound!

—a melancholy echo of that noise

doth sometimes hang on musing fancy’s ear:

10

ah! that a conqueror’s words should be so dear;

ah! that a boon could shed such rapturous joys!

a gift of that which is not to be given

by all the blended powers of earth and heaven.

upon the same event

when, far and wide, swift as the beams of morn

the tidings passed of servitude repealed,

and of that joy which shook the isthmian field,

the rough ætolians smiled with bitter scorn.

“’tis known,” cried they, “that he, who would adorn

5

his envied temples with the isthmian crown,

must either win, through effort of his own,

the prize, or be content to see it worn

by more deserving brows.— yet so ye prop,

sons of the brave who fought at marathon,

10

your feeble spirits. greece her head hath bowed,

as if the wreath of liberty thereon

would fix itself as smoothly as a cloud,

which, at jove’s will, descends on pelion’s top!”

upon the sight of a beautiful picture

praised be the art whose subtle power could stay

yon cloud, and fix it in that glorious shape;

nor would permit the thin smoke to escape,

nor those bright sunbeams to forsake the day;

which stopped that band of travellers on their way

5

ere they were lost within the shady wood;

and shewed the bark upon the glassy flood

for ever anchored in her sheltering bay.

soul-soothing art! which morning, noon-tide, even

do serve with all their changeful pageantry!

10

36 the poems of william wordsworth

thou, with ambition modest yet sublime,

here, for the sight of mortal man, hast given

to one brief moment caught from fleeting time

the appropriate calm of blest eternity.

departure

from the vale of grasmere. august 1803

the gentlest shade that walked elysian plains

might sometimes covet dissoluble chains;

even for the tenants of the zone that lies

beyond the stars, celestial paradise,

methinks ’twould heighten joy, to overleap

5

at will the crystal battlements, and peep

into some other region, though less fair,

to see how things are made and managed there:

change for the worse might please, incursion bold

into the tracts of darkness and of cold;

10

o’er limbo lake with aëry flight to steer,

and on the verge of chaos hang in fear.

such animation often do i find,

power in my breast, wings growing in my mind,

then, when some rock or hill is overpast,

15

perchance without one look behind me cast,

some barrier with which nature, from the birth

of things, has fenced this fairest spot on earth.

o pleasant transit, grasmere! to resign

such happy fields, abodes so calm as thine;

20

not like an outcast with himself at strife;

the slave of business, time, or care for life,

but moved by choice; or, if constrained in part,

yet still with nature’s freedom at the heart;

to cull contentment upon wildest shores,

25

and luxuries extract from bleakest moors;

with prompt embrace all beauty to enfold,

and having rights in all that we behold.

—then why these lingering steps? a bright adieu,

for a brief absence, proves that love is true;

30

ne’er can the way be irksome or forlorn,

that winds into itself, for sweet return.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 37

[ epistle to sir george howland beaumont, bart. from the

south-west coast of cumberland.—1811]

far from [ ] grasmere’s lake serene,

her vale profound and mountains ever green,

fixed within hearing of loud ocean’s roar

where daily, on a bleak and lonesome shore,

even at this summer season, huge black comb

5

frowns, deep’ning visibly his native gloom.

unless perchance, rejecting in despite

what on the plain we have of warmth and light,

in his own tempests hide himself from sight.

here am i, friend, where neither sheltered road

10

nor hedgerow screen, invite my steps abroad,

where one poor plane-tree, having as it can

attained a stature twice the height of man,

hopeless of further growth, and brown and sere,

thro’ half the summer stands with top cut sheer

15

like an unshifting weathercock that proves

how cold the quarter that the wind best loves,

or centinel, that placed in front before

darkens the window, not defends the door

of this unfinished house; a fortress bare,

20

where strength has been the builder’s only care,

whose rugged walls may still for years demand

the finer polish of the plaisterer’s hand;

this dwelling’s inmate more than three weeks’ space

and oft a prisoner in the cheerless place

25

i, of whose touch the fiddle would complain,

whose breath would labour at the flute in vain,

in music all unversed—and without skill

a bridge to copy, or to paint a mill;

tired of my books, a scanty company,

30

and tired of listening to the boisterous sea,

pace between door and window murmuring rhyme,

an old resource to cheat the froward time!

and it would well content me to disclaim

  the reading text is drawn from the earliest complete version, which is untitled. ww’s notes are those he published with the poem in  poems, 1815. the first line in 1815 is “far from our home by grasmere’s quiet lake.”

38 the poems of william wordsworth

in these dull hours a more ambitious aim.

35

but if there be a muse, who, free to take

her seat upon olymphus, doth forsake

those heights (like phœbus when his golden locks

he veiled, attendant on thessalian flocks)

and in disguise, a milkmaid with her pail

40

trips on the pathways of some winding dale;

or like a mermaid warbles on the shores

to fishers, mending nets beside their doors;

or like a tired way-farer faint in mind,

gives plaintive ballads to the heedless wind—

45

if such a visitant of earth there be

and she would deign this day to smile on me

and aid my verse content with narrow bounds,

life’s beaten road and nature’s daily rounds,

thoughts, chances, sights or doings, which we tell

50

without reserve to those whom we love well,

then haply beaumont, for my pen is near,

the unlaboured lines to your indulgent ear

may be transmitted, else will perish here.

what shall i treat of? news from mona’s isle?

55

such have i, but unvaried in its style;

no tales of runnagates fresh landed, whence

and wherefore fugitive, or on what pretence—

of feasts or scandal eddying like the wind

most restlessly alive, when most confined.

60

ask not of me whose tongue can best appease

the mighty tumults of the house of keys,

the last year’s cup whose ram or heifer gained,

what slopes are planted, and what mosses drained?

an eye of fancy only can i cast

65

on that proud pageant, now at hand or past,

when full five hundred boats in trim array

with nets and sails outspread, and streamers gay

and chaunted hymns and stiller voice of prayer

for the old manx harvest to the deep repair,

70

soon as the herring-shoals at distance shine

like beds of moonlight shifting on the brine.

mona from my abode is daily seen

shorter poems (1807–1820) 39

but with a wilderness of waves between,

and by conjecture only can i speak

75

of aught transacted there, in bay or creek;

no tidings reach me thence from town or field;

only faint news the mountain sun-beams yield,

and some i gather from the misty air,

and some the hovering clouds, my telegraph, declare.

80

but these poetic mysteries i withhold,

for fancy hath her fits both hot and cold

and should the colder fit with you be on

when you must read, my credit would be gone.

let more substantial themes our care engage

85

and humbler business occupy the stage

—first, for our journey hither. ere the dawn

had from the east her silver star withdrawn

the wain stood ready at our cottage door

thoughtfully freighted with a various store

90

and long before the uprising of the sun,

o’er dew-damp’d dust our travel was begun,

a needful journey, under summer skies

thro’ peopled vales, yet something in the guise

of those old patriarchs, when from well to well

95

they roamed, where now the tented arabs dwell.

say then, to whom this charge did we confide,

who promptly undertook the wain to guide

up many a sharply-twining road, and down,

and over many a wide hill’s craggy crown,

100

thro’ the quick turns of many a hollow nook

and the rough bed of many an unbridged brook?

a blooming lass, who in her better hand

bore a light switch, her sceptre of command

when yet a slender girl, she often led,

105

skilful and bold, the horse and burdened sled

from the peat-yielding moss on gowdar’s head.

what could we dread with such a charioteer!

for goods and chattels, or those infants dear

escaped not long from malady severe,

110

a pair who smilingly sate side by side

  “a local word for sledge.” ww

40 the poems of william wordsworth

our hope confirming, that the salt-sea tide

whose free embraces we were bound to seek

would their lost strength restore, and freshen the pale cheek:

such hope did either parent entertain

115

pacing behind, along the silent lane.

advancing summer, nature’s tasks fulfilled,

the choristers in copse and grove had stilled,

but we, we lacked not music of our own,

for lightsome fanny had thus early thrown

120

mid the gay prattle of those busy tongues

some notes prelusive from that round of songs

with which, more zealous than the liveliest bird

that in wide arden’s brakes was ever heard,

her work and her work’s partners she can cheer

125

the whole day long, and all days of the year.

thus gladdened, soon we saw, and could not pass

without a pause, diana’s looking glass!

to loughrigg’s pool, round, clear and bright as heaven

such name italian fancy would have given—

130

ere on its banks those few grey cabins rose

that yet molest not its concealed repose

more than the ruffling wind that idly blows.

ah beaumont, when an opening in the road

stopped me at once by charm of what it showed

135

and i beheld (how vividly impressed!)

the encircling landscape on its peaceful breast—

woods intermingling with a rocky bield,

and the smooth green of many a pendent field,

  “loughrigg tarn, alluded to in the foregoing epistle, resembles, though much smaller in

compass, the lake nemi, or  speculum diana, as it is often called, not only in its clear waters and circular form, and the beauty immediately surrounding it, but also as being

overlooked by the eminence of langdale pikes as lake nemi is by that of monte calvo.

since this epistle was written loughrigg tarn has lost much of its beauty by the felling of

many natural clumps of wood, relics of the old forest, particularly upon the farm called ’the

oaks,” from the abundance of that tree which grew there.

it is to be regretted, upon public grounds, that sir george beaumont did not carry into

effect his intention of constructing here a summer retreat in the style i have described; as

his taste would have set an example how buildings, with all the accommodations modern

society requires, might be introduced even into the most secluded parts of this country

without injuring their native character. the design was not abandoned from failure of incli-

nation on his part, but in consequence of local untowardnesses which need not be par-

ticularised.” ww

2  “a word common in the country, signifying shelter, as in scotland.” ww

shorter poems (1807–1820) 41

one chimney smoking and its azure wreath—

140

all, all reflected in the pool beneath,

with here and there a faint imperfect gleam

of water lilies, veiled in misty steam.

what wonder, at this hour of stillness deep,

a shadowy link ’twixt wakefulness and sleep

145

when nature’s self amid these watery gleams

is rendering visible her own soft dreams,

if mixed with what appeared of rock, lawn, wood

truly repeated in the tranquil flood,

a glimpse i caught of that abode by thee

150

designed to rise in humble privacy,

a lowly dwelling, here to be outspread

like a small hamlet with its bashful head

half hid in native trees. alas, ’tis not

nor ever was; i sighed and left the spot

155

repining at its own untoward lot.

i thought in silence with regret most keen

of intermingled joys that might have been,

of neighbourhood, and intermingling arts

and golden summer days uniting peaceful hearts.

160

but time, irrecoverable time is flown

and let us utter thanks for blessings sown

and reaped—what hath been, and what is our own.

to the poet, dyer

bard of the fleece, whose skilful genius made

that work a living landscape fair and bright;

nor hallowed less with musical delight

than those soft scenes through which thy childhood stray’d,

those southern tracts of cambria, “deep embayed,

5

by green hills fenced, by ocean’s murmur lulled;”

though hasty fame hath many a chaplet culled

for worthless brows, while in the pensive shade

of cold neglect she leaves thy head ungraced,

yet pure and powerful minds, hearts meek and still,

10

a grateful few, shall love thy modest lay

long as the shepherd’s bleating flock shall stray

o’er naked snowdon’s wide aerial waste;

42 the poems of william wordsworth

long as the thrush shall pipe on grongar hill.

written with a slate-pencil, on a stone, on the

side of the mountain of black comb

stay, bold adventurer; rest awhile thy limbs

on this commodious seat! for much remains

of hard ascent before thou reach the top

of this huge eminence,—from blackness named,

and, to far-travelled storms of sea and land,

5

a favourite spot of tournament and war!

but thee may no such boisterous visitants

molest; may gentle breezes fan thy brow;

and neither cloud conceal, nor misty air

bedim, the grand terraqueous spectacle,

10

from centre to circumference, unveiled!

know, if thou grudge not to prolong thy rest,

that, on the summit whither thou art bound,

a geographic labourer pitched his tent,

with books supplied and instruments of art,

15

to measure height and distance; lonely task,

week after week pursued!— to him was given

full many a glimpse (but sparingly bestowed

on timid man) of nature’s processes

upon the exalted hills. he made report

20

that once, while there he plied his studious work

within that canvass dwelling, suddenly

the many-coloured map before his eyes

became invisible: for all around

had darkness fallen—unthreatened, unproclaimed—

25

as if the golden day itself had been

extinguished in a moment; total gloom,

in which he sate alone with unclosed eyes

upon the blinded mountain’s silent top!

view from the top of black comb

this height a ministering angel might select:

  “black comb stands at the southern extremity of cumberland; its base covers a much

greater extent of ground than any other mountain in these parts; and, from its situation,.

the summit commands a more extensive view than any other point in britain.” ww

shorter poems (1807–1820) 43

for from the summit of black comb (dread name

derived from clouds and storms!) the amplest range

of unobstructed prospect may be seen

that british ground commands:—low dusky tracts,

5

where trent is nursed, far southward! cambrian hills

to the south-west, a multitudinous show;

and, in a line of eye-sight linked with these,

the hoary peaks of scotland that give birth

to tiviot’s stream, to annan, tweed, and clyde;—

10

crowding the quarter whence the sun comes forth

gigantic mountains rough with crags; beneath,

right at the imperial station’s western base,

main ocean, breaking audibly, and stretched

far into silent regions blue and pale;—

15

and visibly engirding mona’s isle

that, as we left the plain, before our sight

stood like a lofty mount, uplifting slowly,

(above the convex of the watery globe)

into clear view the cultured fields that streak

20

its habitable shores; but now appears

a dwindled object, and submits to lie

at the spectator’s feet.— yon azure ridge,

is it a perishable cloud? or there

do we behold the frame of erin’s coast?

25

land sometimes by the roving shepherd swain,

like the bright confines of another world

not doubtfully perceived.—look homeward now!

in depth, in height, in circuit, how serene

the spectacle, how pure!—of nature’s works,

30

in earth, and air, and earth-embracing sea,

a revelation infinite it seems;

display august of man’s inheritance,

of britain’s calm felicity and power.

in the grounds of coleorton, the seat of

sir george beaumont, bart. leicestershire

the embowering rose, the acacia, and the pine

will not unwillingly their place resign;

if but the cedar thrive that near them stands,

44 the poems of william wordsworth

planted by beaumont’s and by wordsworth’s hands.

one wooed the silent art with studious pains,—

5

these groves have heard the other’s pensive strains;

devoted thus, their spirits did unite

by interchange of knowledge and delight.

may nature’s kindliest powers sustain the tree,

and love protect it from all injury!

10

and when its potent branches, wide out-thrown,

darken the brow of this memorial stone,

and to a favourite resting-place invite,

for coolness grateful and a sober light;

here may some painter sit in future days,

15

some future poet meditate his lays;

not mindless of that distant age renowned

when inspiration hovered o’er this ground,

the haunt of him who sang how spear and shield

in civil conflict met on bosworth field;

20

and of that famous youth, full soon removed

from earth, perhaps by shakespear’s self approved,

fletcher’s associate, jonson’s friend beloved.

written at the request of sir george beaumont, bart. and in his name, for

an urn, placed by him at the termination of a newly-planted avenue, in

the same grounds

ye lime-trees, ranged before this hallowed urn,

shoot forth with lively power at spring’s return;

and be not slow a stately growth to rear

of pillars, branching off from year to year

till they at length have framed a darksome aisle;—

5

like a recess within that awful pile

where reynolds, mid our country’s noblest dead,

in the last sanctity of fame is laid.

—there, though by right the excelling painter sleep

where death and glory a joint sabbath keep,

10

yet not the less his spirit would hold dear

self-hidden praise and friendship’s private tear:

hence on my patrimonial grounds have i

raised this frail tribute to his memory,

from youth a zealous follower of the art

15

shorter poems (1807–1820) 45

that he professed, attached to him in heart;

admiring, loving, and with grief and pride

feeling what england lost when reynolds died.

in a garden of the same

oft is the medal faithful to its trust

when temples, columns, towers are laid in dust;

and ’tis a common ordinance of fate

that things obscure and small outlive the great:

hence, when yon mansion and the flowery trim

5

of this fair garden, and its alleys dim,

and all its stately trees, are passed away,

this little niche, unconscious of decay,

perchance may still survive.—and be it known

that it was scooped within the living stone,—

10

not by the sluggish and ungrateful pains

of labourer plodding for his daily gains;

but by an industry that wrought in love,

with help from female hands, that proudly strove

to shape the work, what time these walks and bowers

15

were framed to cheer dark winter’s lonely hours.

inscription for a seat in the groves of coleorton

beneath yon eastern ridge, the craggy bound,

rugged and high, of charnwood’s forest ground,

stand yet, but, stranger! hidden from thy view,

the ivied ruins of forlorn grace dieu;

erst a religious house, that day and night

5

with hymns resounded, and the chaunted rite:

and when those rites had ceased, the spot gave birth

to honourable men of various worth:

there, on the margin of a streamlet wild,

did francis beaumont sport, an eager child;

10

there, under shadow of the neighbouring rocks,

sang youthful tales of shepherds and their flocks;

unconscious prelude to heroic themes,

heart-breaking tears, and melancholy dreams

of slighted love, and scorn, and jealous rage,

15

with which his genius shook the buskined stage.

46 the poems of william wordsworth

communities are lost, and empires die,—

and things of holy use unhallowed lie;

they perish;—but the intellect can raise,

from airy words alone, a pile that ne’er decays.

20

song for the spinning wheel

founded upon a belief prevalent among the pastoral vales of

westmorland

swiftly turn the murmuring wheel!

night has brought the welcome hour,

when the weary fingers feel

help, as if from fairy power;

dewy night o’ershades the ground;

5

turn the swift wheel round and round!

now, beneath the starry sky,

rest the widely-scatter’d sheep;—

ply, the pleasant labour, ply!—

for the spindle, while they sleep,

10

with a motion smooth and fine

gathers up a trustier line.

short-liv’d likings may be bred

by a glance from fickle eyes;

but true love is like the thread

15

which the kindly wool supplies,

when the flocks are all at rest,

sleeping on the mountain’s breast.

“grief, thou hast lost an ever ready friend”

grief, thou hast lost an ever ready friend

now that the cottage spinning-wheel is mute;

and care—a comforter that best could suit

her froward mood, and softliest reprehend;

and love—a charmer’s voice, that used to lend,

5

more efficaciously than aught that flows

from harp or lute, kind influence to compose

the throbbing pulse,—else troubled without end:

ev’n joy could tell, joy craving truce and rest

shorter poems (1807–1820) 47

from her own overflow, what power sedate

10

on those revolving motions did await

assiduously, to sooth her aching breast;

and—to a point of just relief—abate

the mantling triumphs of a day too blest.

“the fairest, brightest hues of ether fade”

the fairest, brightest hues of ether fade;

the sweetest notes must terminate and die;

o friend! thy flute has breathed a harmony

softly resounded through this rocky glade;

such strains of rapture as the genius played

5

in his still haunt on bagdad’s summit high;

he who stood visible to mirzah’s eye,

never before to human sight betrayed.

lo, in the vale the mists of evening spread!

the visionary arches are not there,

10

nor the green islands, nor the shining seas;

yet sacred is to me this mountain’s head,

from which i have been lifted on the breeze

of harmony, above all earthly care.

“even as a dragon’s eye that feels the stress”

even as a dragon’s eye that feels the stress

of a bedimming sleep, or as a lamp

sullenly glaring through sepulchral damp,

so burns yon taper mid its black recess

of mountains, silent, dreary, motionless:

5

the lake below reflects it not; the sky

muffled in clouds affords no company

to mitigate and cheer its loneliness.

yet round the body of that joyless thing,

which sends so far its melancholy light,

10

perhaps are seated in domestic ring

a gay society with faces bright,

conversing, reading, laughing;—or they sing,

while hearts and voices in the song unite.

  “see the vision of mirzah in the spectator.” ww; he cites joseph addison in  the spectator, no. 59, saturday, september , 7.

48 the poems of william wordsworth

“hail twilight,—sovereign of one peaceful hour!”

hail twilight,—sovereign of one peaceful hour!

not dull art thou as undiscerning night;

but studious only to remove from sight

day’s mutable distinctions.—ancient power!

thus did the waters gleam, the mountains lower

5

to the rude briton, when, in wolf-skin vest

here roving wild, he laid him down to rest

on the bare rock, or through a leafy bower

looked ere his eyes were closed. by him was seen

the self-same vision which we now behold,

10

at thy meek bidding, shadowy power, brought forth;—

these mighty barriers, and the gulph between;

the floods,—the stars,—a spectacle as old

as the beginning of the heavens and earth!

composed on the eve of the marriage of a friend,

in the vale of grasmere

what need of clamorous bells, or ribbands gay,

these humble nuptials to proclaim or grace?

angels of love, look down upon the place,

shed on the chosen vale a sun-bright day!

even for such omen would the bride display

5

no mirthful gladness:—serious is her face,

modest her mien; and she, whose thoughts keep pace

with gentleness, in that becoming way

will thank you. faultless does the maid appear,

no disproportion in her soul, no strife:

10

but, when the closer view of wedded life

hath shewn that nothing human can be clear

from frailty, for that insight may the wife

to her indulgent lord become more dear.

“surprized by joy—impatient as the wind”

surprized by joy—impatient as the wind

i wished to share the transport—oh! with whom

but thee, long buried in the silent tomb,

that spot which no vicissitude can find?

shorter poems (1807–1820) 49

love, faithful love recalled thee to my mind—

5

but how could i forget thee?— through what power,

even for the least division of an hour,

have i been so beguiled as to be blind

to my most grievous loss?— that thought’s return

was the worst pang that sorrow ever bore,

10

save one, one only, when i stood forlorn,

knowing my heart’s best treasure was no more;

that neither present time, nor years unborn

could to my sight that heavenly face restore.

characteristics

of a child three years old

loving she is, and tractable, though wild;

and innocence hath privilege in her

to dignify arch looks and laughing eyes;

and feats of cunning; and the pretty round

of trespasses, affected to provoke

5

mock-chastisement and partnership in play.

and, as a faggot sparkles on the hearth,

not less if unattended and alone

than when both young and old sit gathered round

and take delight in its activity,

10

even so this happy creature of herself

is all sufficient: solitude to her

is blithe society, who fills the air

with gladness and involuntary songs.

light are her sallies as the tripping fawn’s

15

forth-startled from the fern where she lay couched;

unthought-of, unexpected as the stir

of the soft breeze ruffling the meadow flowers;

or from before it chasing wantonly

the many-coloured images impressed

20

upon the bosom of a placid lake.

maternal grief

departed child! i could forget thee once

though at my bosom nursed; this woeful gain

thy dissolution brings, that in my soul

50 the poems of william wordsworth

is present and perpetually abides

a shadow, never, never to be displaced,

5

by the returning substance, seen or touched,

seen by mine eyes, or clasped in my embrace.

absence and death how differ they! and how

shall i admit that nothing can restore

what one short sigh so easily removed?—

10

death, life, and sleep, reality and thought,

assist me god their boundaries to know,

o teach me calm submission to thy will!

the child she mourned had overstepped the pale

of infancy, but still did breathe the air

15

that sanctifies its confines, and partook

reflected beams of that celestial light

to all the little-ones on sinful earth

not unvouchsafed—a light that warmed and cheered

those several qualities of heart and mind

20

which, in her own blest nature, rooted deep

daily before the mother’s watchful eye,

and not hers only, their peculiar charms

unfolded,—beauty, for its present self

and for its promises to future years,

25

with not unfrequent rapture fondly hailed.

have you espied upon a dewy lawn

a pair of leverets each provoking each

to a continuance of their fearless sport,

two separate creatures in their several gifts

30

abounding, but so fashioned that, in all

that nature prompts them to display, their looks

their starts of motion and their fits of rest,

an undistinguishable style appears

and character of gladness, as if spring

35

lodged in their innocent bosoms, and the spirit

of the rejoicing morning were their own.

such union, in the lovely girl maintained

and her twin brother, had the parent seen,

ere, pouncing like a ravenous bird of prey,

40

shorter poems (1807–1820) 51

death in a moment parted them, and left

the mother, in her turns of anguish, worse

than desolate; for oft-times from the sound

of the survivor’s sweetest voice (dear child,

he knew it not) and from his happiest looks,

45

did she extract the food of self-reproach,

as one that lived ungrateful for the stay,

by heaven afforded to uphold her maimed

and tottering spirit. and full oft the boy,

now first acquainted with distress and grief,

50

shrunk from his mother’s presence, shunned with fear

her sad approach, and stole away to find,

in his known haunts of joy where’er he might,

a more congenial object. but, as time

softened her pangs and reconciled the child

55

to what he saw, he gradually returned,

like a scared bird encouraged to renew

a broken intercourse; and, while his eyes

were yet with pensive fear and gentle awe

turned upon her who bore him, she would stoop

60

to imprint a kiss that lacked not power to spread

faint colour over both their pallid cheeks,

and stilled his tremulous lip. thus they were calmed

and cheered; and now together breathe fresh air

in open fields; and when the glare of day

65

is gone, and twilight to the mother’s wish

befriends the observance, readily they join

in walks whose boundary is the lost one’s grave,

which he with flowers hath planted, finding there

amusement, where the mother does not miss

70

dear consolation, kneeling on the turf

in prayer, yet blending with that solemn rite

of pious faith the vanities of grief;

for such, by pitying angels and by spirits

transferred to regions upon which the clouds

75

of our weak nature rest not, must be deemed

those willing tears, and unforbidden sighs,

and all those tokens of a cherished sorrow,

which, soothed and sweetened by the grace of heaven

52 the poems of william wordsworth

as now it is, seems to her own fond heart,

80

immortal as the love that gave it being.

“if thou indeed derive thy light from heaven”

if thou indeed derive thy light from heaven,

shine, poet, in thy place, and be content!

the star that from the zenith darts its beams,

visible though it be to half the earth,

though half a sphere be conscious of its brightness,

5

is yet of no diviner origin,

no purer essence, than the one that burns,

like an untended watch-fire, on the ridge

of some dark mountain; or than those which seem

humbly to hang, like twinkling winter lamps,

10

among the branches of the leafless trees.

“six months to six years added, he remain’d”

six months to six years added, he remain’d

upon this sinful earth, by sin unstain’d.

o blessed lord, whose mercy then remov’d

a child whom every eye that look’d on lov’d,

support us, teach us calmly to resign

5

what we possess’d and now is wholly thine.

november, 1813

now that all hearts are glad, all faces bright,

our aged sovereign sits;—to the ebb and flow

of states and kingdoms, to their joy or woe

insensible;—he sits deprived of sight,

and lamentably wrapped in twofold night,

5

whom no weak hopes deceived,—whose mind ensued,

through perilous war, with regal fortitude,

peace that should claim respect from lawless might.

dread king of kings, vouchsafe a ray divine

to his forlorn condition! let thy grace

10

upon his inner soul in mercy shine;

1 the sonnet appeared first in the courier, january , 84, about a month after the defeat of napoleon at leipzig was announced in london. published in 85 as “added, november

83”—that is, added to the sonnet series “liberty.”

shorter poems (1807–1820) 53

permit his heart to kindle, and embrace,

(though were it only for a moment’s space)

the triumphs of this hour; for they are thine!

composed in one of the valleys of westmoreland,

on easter sunday

with each recurrence of this glorious morn

that saw the saviour in his human frame

rise from the dead, erewhile the cottage-dame

put on fresh raiment—till that hour unworn:

domestic hands the home-bred wool had shorn,

5

and she who span it culled the daintiest fleece,

in thoughtful reverence to the prince of peace

whose temples bled beneath the platted thorn.

a blest estate when piety sublime

these humble props disdain’d not! o green dales!

10

sad may i be who heard your sabbath chime

when art’s abused inventions were unknown;

kind nature’s various wealth was all your own;

and benefits were weighed in reason’s scales!

“weak is the will of man, his judgment blind”

“weak is the will of man, his judgment blind;

remembrance persecutes, and hope betrays;

heavy is woe;—and joy, for human-kind,

a mournful thing,—so transient is the blaze!”

thus might he paint our lot of mortal days

5

who wants the glorious faculty assigned

to elevate the more-than-reasoning mind,

and colour life’s dark cloud with orient rays.

imagination is that sacred power,

imagination lofty and refined:

10

’tis hers to pluck the amaranthine flower

of faith, and round the sufferer’s temples bind

wreaths that endure affliction’s heaviest shower,

and do not shrink from sorrow’s keenest wind.

54 the poems of william wordsworth

composed at cora linn,

in sight of wallace’s tower



“—how wallace fought for scotland, left the name



of wallace to be found, like a wild flower,



all over his dear country; left the deeds



of wallace, like a family of ghosts,



to people the steep rocks and river banks



her natural sanctuaries, with a local soul



of independence and stern liberty.”

ms.

lord of the vale! astounding flood!

the dullest leaf, in this thick wood,

quakes—conscious of thy power;

the caves reply with hollow moan;

and vibrates, to its central stone,

5

yon time-cemented tower!

and yet how fair the rural scene!

for thou, o clyde, hast ever been

beneficent as strong;

pleased in refreshing dews to steep

10

the little trembling flowers that peep

thy shelving rocks among.

hence all who love their country, love

to look on thee—delight to rove

where they thy voice can hear;

15

and, to the patriot-warrior’s shade,

lord of the vale! to heroes laid

in dust, that voice is dear!

along thy banks, at dead of night,

sweeps visibly the wallace wight;

20

or stands, in warlike vest,

aloft, beneath the moon’s pale beam,

a champion worthy of the stream,

yon grey tower’s living crest!

but clouds and envious darkness hide

25

a form not doubtfully descried:—

their transient mission o’er,

shorter poems (1807–1820) 55

o say to what blind regions flee

these shapes of awful phantasy?

to what untrodden shore?

30

less than divine command they spurn;

but this we from the mountains learn,

and this the valleys show,

that never will they deign to hold

communion where the heart is cold

35

to human weal and woe.

the man of abject soul in vain

shall walk the marathonian plain;

or thrid the shadowy gloom,

that still invests the guardian pass,

40

where stood sublime leonidas,

devoted to the tomb.

nor deem that it can aught avail

for such to glide with oar or sail

beneath the piny wood,

45

where tell once drew, by uri’s lake,

his vengeful shafts—prepared to slake

their thirst in tyrants’ blood!

suggested by a beautiful ruin

upon one of the islands of loch lomond,

a place chosen for the retreat of a solitary individual,

from whom this habitation acquired the name of

the brownie’s cell

to barren heath, and quaking fen,

or depth of labyrinthine glen;

or into trackless forest set

with trees, whose lofty umbrage met;

world-wearied men withdrew of yore,—

5

(penance their trust, and prayer their store;)

and in the wilderness were bound

to such apartments as they found;

or with a new ambition raised;

that god might suitably be praised.

10

56 the poems of william wordsworth

high lodged the warrior, like a bird of prey;

or where broad waters round him lay:

but this wild ruin is no ghost

of his devices—buried, lost!

within this little lonely isle

15

there stood a consecrated pile;

where tapers burn’d, and mass was sung,

for them whose timid spirits clung

to mortal succour, though the tomb

had fixed, for ever fixed, their doom!

20

upon those servants of another world

when madding power her bolts had hurled,

their habitation shook;—it fell,

and perish’d—save one narrow cell;

whither, at length, a wretch retir’d

25

who neither grovell’d nor aspir’d:

he, struggling in the net of pride,

the future scorned, the past defied;

still tempering, from the unguilty forge

of vain conceit, an iron scourge!

30

proud remnant was he of a fearless race,

who stood and flourished face to face

with their perennial hills;—but crime

hastening the stern decrees of time,

brought low a power, which from its home

35

burst, when repose grew wearisome;

and, taking impulse from the sword,

and mocking its own plighted word,

had found, in ravage widely dealt,

its warfare’s bourn, its travel’s belt!

40

all, all were dispossess’d, save him whose smile

shot lightning through this lonely isle!

no right had he but what he made

to this small spot, his leafy shade;

but the ground lay within that ring

45

to which he only dared to cling;

renouncing here, as worse than dead,

the craven few who bowed the head

shorter poems (1807–1820) 57

beneath the change, who heard a claim

how loud! yet liv’d in peace with shame.

50

from year to year this shaggy mortal went

(so seem’d it) down a strange descent:

till they, who saw his outward frame,

fix’d on him an unhallow’d name;

him—free from all malicious taint,

55

and guiding, like the patmos saint,

a pen unwearied—to indite,

in his lone isle, the dreams of night;

impassion’d dreams, that strove to span

the faded glories of his clan!

60

suns that through blood their western harbour sought,

and stars that in their courses fought,—

towers rent, winds combating with woods—

lands delug’d by unbridled floods,—

and beast and bird that from the spell

65

of sleep took import terrible,—

these types mysterious (if the show

of battle and the routed foe

had failed) would furnish an array

of matter for the dawning day!

70

how disappeared he?—ask the newt and toad,

inheritors of his abode;

the otter crouching undisturb’d,

in her dank cleft;—but be thou curb’d

o froward fancy! mid a scene

75

of aspect winning and serene;

for those offensive creatures shun

the inquisition of the sun!

and in this region flowers delight,

and all is lovely to the sight.

80

spring finds not here a melancholy breast,

when she applies her annual test

to dead and living; when her breath

quickens, as now, the wither’d heath;—

nor flaunting summer—when he throws

85

58 the poems of william wordsworth

his soul into the briar-rose;

or calls the lily from her sleep

prolong’d beneath the bordering deep;

nor autumn, when the viewless wren

is warbling near the brownie’s den.

90

wild relique! beauteous as the chosen spot

in nysa’s isle, the embellish’d grot;

whither, by care of lybian jove,

(high servant of paternal love)

young bacchus was conveyed—to lie

95

safe from his step-dame rhea’s eye;

where bud, and bloom, and fruitage, glowed,

close-crowding round the infant god;

all colours, and the liveliest streak

a foil to his celestial cheek!

100

effusion,

in the pleasure-ground on the banks of the bran, near dunkeld

“the water fall, by a loud roaring, warned us when we must expect it. we

were first, however, conducted into a small apartment where the gardener

desired us to look at the picture of ossian, which, while he was telling the

history of the young artist who executed the work, disappeared, parting in

the middle—flying asunder as by the touch of magic—and lo! we are at the

entrance of a splendid apartment, which was almost dizzy and alive with

waterfalls, that tumbled in all directions; the great cascade, opposite the

window, which faced us, being reflected in innumerable mirrors upon the

ceilings and against the walls.”

extract from the journal of my fellow-traveller.

what! he—who, mid the kindred throng

of heroes that inspired his song,

doth yet frequent the hill of storms,

the stars dim-twinkling through their: forms!

what! ossian here?—a painted thrall,

5

mute fixture on a stuccoed wall;

to serve—an unsuspected screen

for show that must not yet be seen;

and, when the moment comes, to part

and vanish, by mysterious art;

10

shorter poems (1807–1820) 59

head, harp, and, body, split asunder,

for ingress to a world of wonder;

a gay saloon, with waters dancing

upon the sight wherever glancing;

one loud cascade in front, and lo!

15

a thousand like it, white as snow—

streams on the walls, and torrent foam

as active round the hollow dome,

illusive cataracts! of their terrors

not stripped, nor voiceless in the mirrors,

20

that catch the pageant from the flood

thundering adown a rocky wood!

strange scene, fantastic and uneasy

as ever made a maniac dizzy,

when disenchanted from the mood

25

that loves on sullen thoughts to brood!

o nature, in thy changeful visions,

through all thy most abrupt transitions,

smooth, graceful, tender, or sublime,

ever averse to pantomime,

30

thee neither do they know nor us

thy servants, who can trifle thus;

else surely had the sober powers

of rock that frowns, and stream that roars,

exalted by congenial sway

35

of spirits, and the undying lay,

and names that moulder not away,

awakened some redeeming thought

more worthy of this favoured spot;

recalled some feeling—to set free

40

the bard from such indignity!

the effigies of a valiant wight

i once beheld, a templar knight;

not postrate, not like those that rest

on tombs, with palms together prest,

45

but sculptured out of living stone,

and standing upright and alone,

  “on the banks of the river nid, near knaresborough.” ww

60 the poems of william wordsworth

both hands with rival energy

employed in setting his sword free

from its dull sheath—stern sentinel

50

intent to guard st. robert’s cell;

as if with memory of the affray

far distant, when, as legends say,

the monks of fountain’s thronged to force

from its dear home the hermit’s corse,

55

that in their keeping it might lie,

to crown their abbey’s sanctity.

so had they rushed into the grot

of sense despised, a world forgot,

and torn him from his loved retreat,

60

where altar-stone and rock-hewn seat

still hint that quiet best is found,

even by the living, under ground;

but a bold knight, the selfish aim

defeating, put the monks to shame,

65

there where you see his image stand

bare to the sky, with threatening brand

which lingering nid is proud to show

reflected in the pool below.

thus, like the men of earliest days,

70

our sires set forth their grateful praise;

uncouth the workmanship, and rude!

but, nursed in mountain solitude,

might some aspiring artist dare

to seize whate’er, through misty air,

75

a ghost, by glimpses, may present

of imitable lineament,

and give the phantom such array

as less should scorn the abandoned clay;

then let him hew with patient stroke

80

an ossian out of mural rock,

and leave the figurative man

upon thy margin, roaring bran!

fixed, like the templar of the steep,

an everlasting watch to keep;

85

with local sanctities in trust,

shorter poems (1807–1820) 61

more precious than a hermit’s dust;

and virtues through the mass infused,

which old idolatry abused.

what though the granite would deny

90

all fervour to the sightless eye;

and touch from rising suns in vain

solicit a memnonian strain;

yet, in some fit of anger sharp,

the wind might force the deep-grooved harp

95

to utter melancholy moans

not unconnected with the tones

of soul-sick flesh and weary bones;

while grove and river notes would lend,

less deeply sad, with these to blend!

100

vain pleasures of luxurious life,

for ever with yourselves at strife;

through town and country both deranged

by affectations interchanged,

and all the perishable gauds

105

that heaven-deserted man applauds;

when will your hapless patrons learn

to watch and ponder—to discern

the freshness, the eternal youth,

of admiration sprung from truth;

110

from beauty infinitely growing

upon a mind with love o’erflowing;

to sound the depths of every art

that seeks its wisdom through the heart?

thus (where the intrusive pile, ill-graced

115

with baubles of theatric taste,

o’erlooks the torrent breathing showers

on motley bands of alien flowers,

in stiff confusion set or sown,

till nature cannot find her own,

120

or keep a remnant of the sod

which caledonian heroes trod)

i mused; and, thirsting for redress,

recoiled into the wilderness.

62 the poems of william wordsworth

yarrow visited,

september, 1814

and is this—yarrow?— this the stream

of which my fancy cherish’d,

so faithfully, a waking dream?

an image that hath perish’d!

o that some minstrel’s harp were near,

5

to utter notes of gladness,

and chase this silence from the air,

that fills my heart with sadness!

yet why?—a silvery current flows

with uncontrolled meanderings;

10

nor have these eyes by greener hills

been soothed, in all my wanderings.

and, through her depths, saint mary’s lake

is visibly delighted;

for not a feature of those hills

15

is in the mirror slighted.

a blue sky bends o’er yarrow vale,

save where that pearly whiteness

is round the rising sun diffused,

a tender, hazy brightness;

20

mild dawn of promise! that excludes

all profitless dejection;

though not unwilling here to admit

a pensive recollection.

where was it that the famous flower

25

of yarrow vale lay bleeding?

his bed perchance was yon smooth mound

on which the herd is feeding:

and haply from this crystal pool,

now peaceful as the morning,

30

the water-wraith ascended thrice—

and gave his doleful warning.

  in a note published with the poem in 836, ww refers his reader to  yarrow unvisited (c.

803). see vol.  of this edition, and a third yarrow poem,  yarrow revisited, below.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 63

delicious is the lay that sings

the haunts of happy lovers,

the path that leads them to the grove,

35

the leafy grove that covers:

and pity sanctifies the verse

that paints, by strength of sorrow,

the unconquerable strength of love;

bear witness, rueful yarrow!

40

but thou, that didst appear so fair

to fond imagination,

dost rival in the light of day

her delicate creation:

meek loveliness is round thee spread,

45

a softness still and holy;

the grace of forest charms decayed,

and pastoral melancholy.

that region left, the vale unfolds

rich groves of lofty stature,

50

with yarrow winding through the pomp

of cultivated nature;

and, rising from those lofty groves,

behold a ruin hoary!

the shattered front of newark’s towers,

55

renowned in border story.

fair scenes for childhood’s opening bloom,

for sportive youth to stray in;

for manhood to enjoy his strength;

and age to wear away in!

60

yon cottage seems a bower of bliss;

it promises protection

to studious ease, and generous cares,

and every chaste affection!

how sweet, on this autumnal day,

65

the wild wood’s fruits to gather,

and on my true-love’s forehead plant

a crest of blooming heather!

and what if i enwreathed my own!

64 the poems of william wordsworth

’twere no offence to reason;

70

the sober hills thus deck their brows

to meet the wintry season.

i see—but not by sight alone,

lov’d yarrow, have i won thee;

a ray of fancy still survives—

75

her sunshine plays upon thee!

thy ever-youthful waters keep

a course of lively pleasure;

and gladsome notes my lips can breathe,

accordant to the measure.

80

the vapours linger round the heights,

they melt—and soon must vanish;

one hour is theirs, nor more is mine—

sad thought, which i would banish,

but that i know, where’er i go,

85

thy genuine image, yarrow,

will dwell with me—to heighten joy,

and cheer my mind in sorrow.

to ———

from the dark chambers of dejection freed,

spurning the unprofitable yoke of care

rise, * * * * rise: the gales of youth shall bear

thy genius forward like a winged steed.

though bold bellerophon (so jove decreed

5

in wrath) fell headlong from the fields of air,

yet a high guerdon waits on minds that dare,

if aught be in them of immortal seed,

and reason govern that audacious flight

which heav’n-ward they direct.— then droop not thou,

10

erroneously renewing a sad vow

in the low dell mid roslin’s fading grove:

a cheerful life is what the muses love,

a soaring spirit is their prime delight.

  in 820 ww replaced the asterisks with the surname of his scottish friend, r. p. gillies

(778–858).

shorter poems (1807–1820) 65

extract

from the conclusion of a poem, composed upon leaving school

dear native regions, i foretell

from what i feel at this farewell,

that, wheresoe’er my steps shall tend,

and whensoe’er my course shall end,

if in that hour a single tie

5

survive of local sympathy,

my soul will cast the backward view,

the longing look alone on you.

thus, when the sun, prepared for rest,

hath gained the precincts of the west,

10

though his departing radiance fail

to illuminate the hollow vale,

a lingering light he fondly throws

on the dear hills where first he rose.

laodamìa

“with sacrifice, before the rising morn

performed, my slaughtered lord have i required;

and in thick darkness, amid shades forlorn,

him of the infernal gods have i desired:

celestial pity i again implore;—

5

restore him to my sight—great jove, restore!”

so speaking, and by fervent love endowed

with faith, the suppliant heav’n-ward lifts her hands;

while, like the sun emerging from a cloud,

her countenance brightens,—and her eye expands,

10

her bosom heaves and spreads, her stature grows,

and she expects the issue in repose.

o terror! what hath she perceived?—o joy!

what doth she look on?—whom doth she behold?

her hero slain upon the beach of troy?

15

his vital presence—his corporeal mold?

  the reading text is that of  poems, 85. for the early poem mentioned in the title, see ll.

354–365 of  the vale of esthwaite in vol.  of this edition.

66 the poems of william wordsworth

it is—if sense deceive her not—’tis he!

and a god leads him—winged mercury!

mild hermes spake—and touched her with his wand

that calms all fear, “such grace hath crowned thy prayer,

20

laodamia, that at jove’s command

thy husband walks the paths of upper air:

he comes to tarry with thee three hours’ space;

accept the gift, behold him face to face.”

forth sprang the impassion’d queen her lord to clasp;

25

again that consummation she essayed;

but unsubstantial form eludes her grasp

as often as that eager grasp was made.

the phantom parts—but parts to re-unite,

and re-assume his place before her sight.

30

“protesilaus, lo! thy guide is gone!

confirm, i pray, the vision with thy voice:

this is our palace,—yonder is thy throne;

speak, and the floor thou tread’st on will rejoice.

not to appal me have the gods bestowed

35

this precious boon,—and blest a sad abode.”

“great jove, laodamia, doth not leave

his gifts imperfect:—spectre though i be,

i am not sent to scare thee or deceive;

but in reward of thy fidelity.

40

and something also did my worth obtain;

for fearless virtue bringeth boundless gain.

thou know’st, the delphic oracle foretold

that the first greek who touch’d the trojan strand

should die; but me the threat did not withhold:

45

a generous cause a victim did demand;

and forth i leapt upon the sandy plain;

a self-devoted chief—by hector slain.”

“supreme of heroes—bravest, noblest, best!

thy matchless courage i bewail no more,

50

that then, when tens of thousands were deprest

by doubt, propelled thee to the fatal shore:

shorter poems (1807–1820) 67

thou found’st—and i forgive thee—here thou art—

a nobler counsellor than my poor heart.

but thou, though capable of sternest deed,

55

wert kind as resolute, and good as brave;

and he, whose power restores thee, hath decreed

that thou shouldst cheat the malice of the grave;

redundant are thy locks, thy lips as fair

as when their breath enriched thessalian air.

60

no spectre greets me,—no vain shadow this:

come, blooming hero, place thee by my side!

give, on this well-known couch, one nuptial kiss

to me, this day, a second time thy bride!”

jove frowned in heaven; the conscious parcæ threw

65

upon those roseate lips a stygian hue.

“this visage tells thee that my doom is past:

know, virtue were not virtue if the joys

of sense were able to return as fast

and surely as they vanish.—earth destroys

70

those raptures duly—erebus disdains:

calm pleasures there abide—majestic pains.

be taught, o faithful consort, to control

rebellious passion: for the gods approve

the depth, and not the tumult of the soul;

75

the fervor—not the impotence of love.

thy transports moderate; and meekly mourn

when i depart, for brief is my sojourn—”

“ah, wherefore?—did not hercules by force

wrest from the guardian monster of the tomb

80

alcestis, a reanimated corse,

given back to dwell on earth in beauty’s bloom?

medea’s spells dispersed the weight of years,

and æson stood a youth mid youthful peers.

the gods to us are merciful—and they

85

yet further may relent: for mightier far

than strength of nerve and sinew, or the sway

of magic potent over sun and star

68 the poems of william wordsworth

is love, though oft to agony distrest,

and though his favorite seat be feeble woman’s breast.

90

but if thou go’st, i follow—” “peace!” he said—

she looked upon him and was calmed and cheered;

the ghastly colour from his lips had fled;

in his deportment, shape, and mien, appeared

elysian beauty—melancholy grace—

95

brought from a pensive though a happy place.

he spake of love, such love as spirits feel

in worlds whose course is equable and pure;

no fears to beat away—no strife to heal—

the past unsighed for, and the future sure;

100

spake, as a witness, of a second birth

for all that is most perfect upon earth:

of all that is most beauteous—imaged there

in happier beauty; more pellucid streams,

an ampler ether, a diviner air,

105

and fields invested with purpureal gleams;

climes which the sun, who sheds the brightest day

earth knows, is all unworthy to survey.

yet there the soul shall enter which hath earned

that privilege by virtue.— “ill,” said he,

110

“the end of man’s existence i discerned,

who from ignoble games and revelry

could draw, when we had parted, vain delight

while tears were thy best pastime,—day and night:

and while my youthful peers, before my eyes,

115

(each hero following his peculiar bent)

prepared themselves for glorious enterprize

by martial sports,—or, seated in the tent,

chieftains and kings in council were detained;

what time the fleet at aulis lay enchained.

120

the wish’d-for wind was given:—i then revolved

  “for this feature in the character of protesilaus, see the iphigenia in aulis of euripides.”

ww

shorter poems (1807–1820) 69

our future course, upon the silent sea;

and, if no worthier led the way, resolved

that, of a thousand vessels, mine should be

the foremost prow in pressing to the strand,—

125

mine the first blood that tinged the trojan sand.

yet bitter, oft-times bitter, was the pang

when of thy loss i thought, beloved wife;

on thee too fondly did my memory hang,

and on the joys we shared in mortal life,—

130

the paths which we had trod—these fountains—flowers;

my new-planned cities, and unfinished towers.

but should suspense permit the foe to cry,

“behold they tremble!—haughty their array,

yet of their number no one dares to die?”—

135

in soul i swept the indignity away:

old frailties then recurred:—but lofty thought,

in act embodied, my deliverance wrought.

and thou, though strong in love, art all too weak

in reason, in self-government too slow;

140

i counsel thee by fortitude to seek

our blest re-union in the shades below.

the invisible world with thee hath sympathized;

be thy affections raised and solemnized.

learn by a mortal yearning to ascend

145

towards a higher object:—love was given,

encouraged, sanctioned, chiefly for this end.

for this the passion to excess was driven—

that self might be annulled; her bondage prove

the fetters of a dream, opposed to love.”

150

aloud she shrieked! for hermes re-appears!

round the dear shade she would have clung—’tis vain:

the hours are past, too brief had they been years;

and him no mortal effort can detain:

swift tow’rd the realms that know not earthly day,

155

he through the portal takes his silent way—

and on the palace-floor a lifeless corse she lay.

70 the poems of william wordsworth

ah, judge her gently who so deeply loved!

her, who, in reason’s spite, yet without crime,

was in a trance of passion thus removed;

160

delivered from the galling yoke of time

and these frail elements to gather flowers

of blissful quiet mid unfading bowers.

yet tears to human suffering are due;

and mortal hopes defeated and o’erthrown

165

are mourned by man, and not by man alone,

as fondly he believes.—upon the side

of hellespont (such faith was entertained)

a knot of spiry trees for ages grew

from out the tomb of him for whom she died;

170

and ever, when such stature they had gained

that ilium’s walls were subject to their view,

the trees’ tall summits wither’d at the sight;

a constant interchange of growth and blight!

“through cumbrian wilds, in many a mountain cove”

through cumbrian wilds, in many a mountain cove,

the pastoral muse laments the wheel—no more

engaged, near blazing hearth on clean-swept floor,

in tasks which guardian angels might approve;

friendly the weight of leisure to remove,

5

and to beguile the lassitude of ease;

gracious to all the dear dependences

of house and field,—to plenty, peace, and love.

there, too, did fancy prize the murmuring wheel;

for sympathies, inexplicably fine,

10

instilled a confidence—how sweet to feel!

that ever in the night calm, when the sheep

upon their grassy beds lay couch’d in sleep,

the quickening spindle drew a trustier line.

“emperors and kings, how oft have temples rung”

emperors and kings, how oft have temples rung

with impious thanksgiving, the almighty’s scorn!

  “for the account of these long-lived trees, see pliny’s natural history, lib. 6. cap. 44.” ww

shorter poems (1807–1820) 71

how oft above their altars have been hung

trophies that led the good and wise to mourn

triumphant wrong, battle of battle born,

5

and sorrow that to fruitless sorrow clung!

now, from heaven-sanctioned victory, peace is sprung;

in this firm hour salvation lifts her horn.

glory to arms! but, conscious that the nerve

of popular reason, long mistrusted, freed

10

your thrones, from duty, princes! fear to swerve;

be just, be grateful; nor, the oppressor’s creed

reviving, heavier chastisement deserve

than ever forced unpitied hearts to bleed.

written, november 13,1814, on a blank leaf in a copy of the author’s

poem the excursion, upon hearing of the death of the late

vicar of kendal

to public notice, with reluctance strong,

did i deliver this unfinished song;

yet for one happy issue;—and i look

with self-congratulation on the book

which pious, learned murfitt saw and read;—

5

upon my thoughts his saintly spirit fed;

he conn’d the new-born lay with grateful heart;

foreboding not how soon he must depart,

unweeting that to him the joy was given

which good men take with them from earth to heaven.

10

artegal and elidure—

where be the temples which in britain’s isle

to his paternal gods the trojan reared?

gone like a morning dream or like a pile

of gorgeous clouds that in the west appeared!

ere julius landed on her white-cliff’d shore

5

they sank—deliver’d o’er

to fatal dissolution, and i ween

no vestige then was left that such had ever been.

a british record that had lain concealed

mid fairy-haunted woods and sainted springs,

10

72 the poems of william wordsworth

in old armorica the course revealed,

the wondrous course of long-forgotten things,

how brutus came by oracles impelled

and albion’s giants quelled,

a brood whom no civility could melt,

15

who never tasted grace and goodness ne’er had felt.

by brave corineus aided he subdued

and rooted out the intolerable kind;

and this too-long-polluted land imbued

with gentle arts and usages refined;

20

whence golden harvests, cities, warlike towers,

and pleasure’s peaceful bowers;

whence all the fix’d delights of house and home,

friendship that will not break and love that cannot roam.

o, happy britain!—region all too fair

25

for self-delighting fancy to endure

that silence only should inhabit there,

wild beasts, or uncouth savages impure!

but intermingled with the generous seed

grew many [a] poisonous weed;

30

thus fares it still with all that takes its birth

from human care, or grows upon the breast of earth.

hence, and how soon! that uncouth warfare waged

by guendolen against her faithless lord,

till she, in jealous fury unassuaged,

35

had slain the paramours with ruthless sword.

then, into severn hideously defiled

she cast their blameless child,

sabrina, vowing that the stream should bear

that name through every age, her hatred to declare.

40

thus speaks the chronicle, and tells of lear,

by his ungrateful daughters turn’d adrift.

hear him ye elements.— they cannot hear,

nor can the winds restore his simple gift.

but one there is, a child of nature meek

45

who comes her sire to seek,

shorter poems (1807–1820) 73

and he, recovering sense, upon her breast

leans smilingly, and sinks into a perfect rest.

there, too, we read of spenser’s faery themes,

and those that milton loved in youthful years,

50

the sage enchanter merlin’s subtle schemes,

the marvellous feats of arthur and his peers,

that british hero, who, to light restored

with that terrific sword

which now he wields in subterraneous war,

55

shall spread his country’s name in conquest wide and far.

what wonder then if [in] the ample field

of that rich volume one particular flower,

doth seemingly in vain its sweetness yield

and blooms unnoticed even till this late hour?

60

yet gentle muses your assistance grant

while i this flower transplant

into that garden of pure poesy

which i have tended long in all humility.



a king more worthy of respect and love

65

than wise gorbonean ruled not in his day;

and britain rose in happiness above

all neighboring countries through his righteous sway;

he poured rewards and favours on the good,

the oppressor he withstood,

70

and while he served the gods with reverence due

fields smiled, and cities rose and towns and temples grew.

him artegal succeeds—but oft the son

degenerates from the sire and so did he.

a hopeful reign auspiciously begun

75

was darkened soon by vilest tyranny.

from bad to worse he sank until at length

the nobles leagued their strength

with the vex’d people and the tyrant chased

from out the realm whose throne his vices had disgraced.

80

from land to land, the royal exile went

74 the poems of william wordsworth

suppliant for aid his sceptre to regain;

to many a court, and many a warrior’s tent

he urg’d his persevering suit in vain;

him, in whose wretched heart ambition failed

85

dire poverty assailed

and tired of slights which he no more could brook

towards his native land he cast a longing look.

the winds and waves have aided him to reach

that coast the object of his heart’s desire;

90

but as the crownless sovereign trod the beach

his eye balls kindle with resentful ire

as if incensed with all that he beholds—

the woods, the naked wolds,

and with the remnant of that faithful band

95

that to his fortunes cleave and wait on his command.

“forgive this passion!—” artegal exclaimed

and as he spake they drew into a wood,

and from its shady boughs protection claimed,

for light they feared and busy neighbourhood.

100

how changed from him who, born to highest place,

had swayed the royal mace

flattered and feared, despiséd and defied,

in troynovant, his seat by silver thames’s side!

oft by imaginary terrors scared

105

and sometimes into real danger brought

to calaterium’s forest he repaired

and in its depth securer refuge sought.

thence to a few whom he esteemed his friends

a messenger he sends,

110

and from their secret loyalty requires

shelter and daily bread—the amount of his desires.

with his attendants, there, at break of morn

wandering by stealth abroad, he chanced to hear

a startling outcry made by hound and horn;

115

he would escape but sees the flying deer

and scouring toward him o’er the grassy plain,

behold the hunter train;

shorter poems (1807–1820) 75

and bids his friends advance and meet the chase

with seeming unconcern and with unaltered pace.

120

the royal elidure who leads the chase

hath checked his foaming courser—“can it be!

methinks that i should recognize that face

though much disguised by long adversity!”

he gazed rejoicing—and again he gazed

125

confounded and amazed—

“it is the king my brother”—and by sound

of his own voice confirmed he leaps upon the ground.

long, strait, and tender was the embrace he gave,

feebly returned by trembling artegal,

130

whose natural affection doubts enslave

and apprehensions dark and criminal.

loth to disturb the moving interview

the attendant lords withdrew,

and while they stood upon the plain apart

135

thus elidure by words relieved his struggling heart.

“gorbonian’s heir, dear brother, gladly met;

whence comest thou, to my knowledge lost so long?—

but neither lost to love nor to regret—

nor to my wishes lost,—forgive the wrong

140

(such it may seem) if i thy crown have borne,

thy regal mantle worn;

i was their natural guardian, and ’tis just

that now i should restore what hath been held in trust.”

“to me the wretched, helpless, destitute,

145

to me a kingdom? mock me not, i pray,”

said artegal; “thy love bears bitter fruit,

ah let not insult move me on my way!

had justice rul’d in breasts of foreign kings

then, then, upon the wings

150

of war had i returned to claim my right;

this will i here avow not dreading thy despite.”

“i do not blame thee,” elidure replied,

“but if my looks did with my words agree

76 the poems of william wordsworth

at once i should be trusted—not defied—

155

and thou from all unwelcome thoughts be free.

may spotless dian, goddess of the chase,

who to this blessed place

at this blest moment led me, if i speak

with insincere intent, on me her vengeance wreak!

160

“if this same spear which in my hand i grasp

were britain’s sceptre here would i [to] thee

the symbol yield and would undo this clasp

if it confined the robe of sovereignty.

joyless to me [the] pomp of regal court

165

and joyless sylvan sport

while thou art roving wretched and forlorn,

thy couch the dewy earth, thy roof the forest thorn!”

then artegal thus spake—”i only sought

within this realm a place of safe retreat;

170

beware of rouzing an ambitious thought,

beware of kindling hopes for me unmeet!

thou bearst the name of wise; but in my mind

art pitiably blind.

full soon this generous impulse thou may’st rue

175

when that which has been done no wishes can undo.

“the greedy thirst of sovereignty, ’tis said,

allows no kindred and regards no right;

but thou, i know not whence inspired, how led,

wouldst change the course of things in all men’s sight!

180

and this for one that cannot imitate

thy virtue—who may hate;

for if by such strange sacrifice restored

he reign, thou still must be his king and sovereign lord.

“lifted in magnanimity above

185

aught that my feeble nature could perform

or even conceive—surpassing me in love

far as in power the eagle doth the worm—

i only, brother, should be king in name

and govern to my shame;

190

a shadow in an odious land where all

shorter poems (1807–1820) 77

of prompt and willing service to thy share would fall.”

“believe it not,” said elidure; “respect

awaits on virtuous life, and ever most

attends on goodness with dominion decked

195

that stands the universal empire’s boast;

this can thy own experience testify,

nor shall thy foes deny

that in the opening of thy gracious reign

our father’s spirit seem’d, in thee, to rule again.

200

“and what if o’er this bright unbosoming

clouds of disgrace and envious fortune past!

have we not seen the glories of the spring

by noontide darkness veiled and overcast?

the lake that glitter’d like a sun-bright shield,

205

the sky, the gay green field,

are vanished—gladness ceases in the [groves]

and trepidation strikes the blackened mountain coves.

“once more the sun victorious glimmers forth

and the wide world is brighter than before!

210

such power is granted to thy latent worth

to spread the light and joy from shore to shore;

for past misdeeds how [?grateful] to atone!

—reseated on thy throne

give proof that long adversity and pain

215

and sorrow have confirmed thy inborn right to reign!—

“yet not to overlook what thou mayst know

thy enemies are neither weak nor few;

and circumspect must be our course and slow

or ruin from my purpose may ensue.

220

dismiss thy followers—let them calmly wait

such change in thy estate,

as i already have in thought devised

and which with caution due may soon be realiz’d.”

the story tells that artegal straitway

225

was by his brother privily convey’d

to a far distant city, at that day

78 the poems of william wordsworth

alclwyd named, whose fortress, undismayed

by the hostility of mortals, stood

in sight of land and flood,

230

obnoxious only on its lofty rock

to the careering storms, and perilous lightning’s stroke.

when this impregnable retreat was gain’d,

in prudent furth’rance of his first intent

king elidure a mortal sickness feign’d

235

and to his mightiest lords a summons sent.

—softly and one by one into such gloom

as suits a sick man’s room

the attendants introduce each potent peer

that he his sovereign’s will in singleness may hear.

240

said elidure, “behold thy rightful king;

the banished artegal before thee stands;

kneel and renew to him the offering

of thy allegiance: justice this demands,

immortal justice speaking through thy voice;

245

receive him and rejoice!

his guilt is expiated; he will prove

worthier than i have been of universal love.”

if firm command and mild persuasion failed

to change the temper of an adverse mind

250

with such by other engines he prevail’d,

threatening to fling their bodies to the wind

from the dread summit of a [?lonely] rock,

alclwyd, lofty rock,

alclwyd then but now dumbarton named,

255

a memorable crag through widest albion famed.

departing thence to york their way they bent

while the glad people flowers before them strewed

and there king elidure with glad consent

of all who saw, a mighty multitude,

260

upon his brother’s head replaced the crown,

relinquished by his own,

triumph of justice and affection pure

shorter poems (1807–1820) 79

whence he the title gained of pious elidure.

a brother thus a brother did reclaim:

265

through admiration of the heroic deed

the reelected artegal became

“a true converted man,” from bondage freed

of vice,—from that day forward, on his soul

possessing no controul;

270

and when he died the worthy and the brave

shed tears of fond regret upon his honored grave.

inscription for a national monument

in commemoration of the battle of waterloo

intrepid sons of albion!—not by you

is life despised!—ah no—the spacious earth

ne’er saw a race who held, by right of birth,

so many objects to which love is due:

ye slight not life—to god and nature true;

5

but death, becoming death, is dearer far,

when duty bids you bleed in open war:

hence hath your prowess quelled that impious crew.

heroes, for instant sacrifice prepared,

yet filled with ardour, and on triumph bent,

10

mid direst shocks of mortal accident,

to you who fell, and you whom slaughter spared,

to guard the fallen, and consummate the event,

your country rears this sacred monument!

occasioned by the same battle.

february 1816

the bard, whose soul is meek as dawning day,

yet trained to judgments righteously severe;

fervid, yet conversant with holy fear,

as recognizing one almighty sway:

he whose experienced eye can pierce the array

5

of past events,—to whom, in vision clear,

the aspiring heads of future things appear,

like mountain-tops whence mists have rolled away:

80 the poems of william wordsworth

assoiled from all incumbrance of our time,

he only, if such breathe, in strains devout

10

shall comprehend this victory sublime;

and worthily rehearse the hideous rout,

which the blest angels, from their peaceful clime

beholding, welcomed with a choral shout.

february 1816

o, for a kindling touch of that pure flame

which taught the offering of song to rise

from thy lone bower, beneath italian skies,

great filicaia!— with celestial aim

it rose,—thy saintly rapture to proclaim,

5

then, when the imperial city stood released

from bondage threatened by the embattled east,

and christendom respired; from guilt and shame

redeemed,—from miserable fear set free

by one day’s feat—one mighty victory.

10

—chaunt the deliverer’s praise in every tongue!

the cross shall spread,—the crescent hath waxed dim,—

he conquering—as in earth and heaven was sung—

he conquering through god, and god by him.

to r. b. haydon, esq.

high is our calling, friend!—creative art

(whether the instrument of words she use,

or pencil pregnant with etherial hues,)

demands the service of a mind and heart,

though sensitive, yet, in their weakest part,

5

heroically fashioned—to infuse

faith in the whispers of the lonely muse,

  “ ‘from  all  this  world’s  encumbrance  did  himself  assoil.’ spenser.”  ww  quotes  from edmund spenser’s  faerie queen, vi, v.

2

“ond’e ch’lo grido e gridero: giugnesti,

  guerregiasti, e vincesti;

  si, si, vincesti, o campion forte e pio,

  per dio vinasti, e per te vinse iddio. (86)

see filicaia’s canzone, addressed to john sobieski, king of poland, upon his raising the

siege of vienna. this, and his other poems on the same occasion, are superior perhaps to

any lyrical pieces that contemporary events have ever given birth to, those of the hebrew

scriptures only excepted.” ww refers to vincenzo da filicaia (642-707).

shorter poems (1807–1820) 81

while the whole world seems adverse to desert:

and, oh! when nature sinks, as oft she may,

through long-lived pressure of obscure distress,

10

still to be strenuous for the bright reward,

and in the soul admit of no decay,—

brook no continuance of weak-mindedness:—

great is the glory, for the strife is hard!

november 1, 1815

how clear, how keen, how marvellously bright

the effluence from yon distant mountain’s head,

which, strewn with snow as smooth as heaven can shed,

shines like another sun—on mortal sight

uprisen, as if to check approaching night,

5

and all her twinkling stars. who now would tread,

if so he might, yon mountain’s glittering head—

terrestrial—but a surface, by the flight

of sad mortality’s earth-sullying wing,

unswept, unstained? nor shall the aerial powers

10

dissolve that beauty—destined to endure

white, radiant, spotless, exquisitely pure,

through all vicissitudes—till genial spring

have filled the laughing vales with welcome flowers.

september 1815

while not a leaf seems faded,—while the fields,

with ripening harvests prodigally fair,

in brightest sunshine bask,—this nipping air,

sent from some distant clime where winter wields

his icy scymetar, a foretaste yields

5

of bitter change—and bids the flowers beware;

and whispers to the silent birds, “prepare

against the threatening foe your trustiest shields.”

for me, who under kindlier laws belong

to nature’s tuneful quire, this rustling dry

10

through the green leaves, and yon crystalline sky,

announce a season potent to renew,

mid frost and snow, the instinctive joys of song,—

and nobler cares than listless summer knew.

82 the poems of william wordsworth

“i watch, and long have watch’d, with calm regret”

i watch, and long have watch’d, with calm regret

yon slowly-sinking star,—immortal sire

(so might he seem) of all the glittering quire!

blue ether still surrounds him—yet—and yet;

but now the horizon’s rocky parapet

5

is reach’d; where, forfeiting his bright attire,

he burns—transmuted to a sullen fire,

that droops and dwindles; and, the appointed debt

to the flying moments paid, is seen no more.

angels and gods! we struggle with our fate,

10

while health, power, glory, pitiably decline,

depress’d and then extinguish’d: and our state,

in this, how different, lost star, from thine,

that no to-morrow shall our beams restore!

“aerial rock—whose solitary brow”

aerial rock—whose solitary brow

from this low threshold daily meets my sight;

when i look forth to hail the morning light,

or quit the stars with lingering farewell—how

shall i discharge to thee a grateful vow?—

5

by planting on thy head (in verse, at least,

as i have often done in thought) the crest

of an imperial castle, which the plough

of ruin shall not touch. innocent scheme!

that doth presume no more than to supply

a grace the sinuous vale and roaring stream

want, through neglect of hoar antiquity.

rise, then, ye votive towers, and catch a gleam

of golden sun-set—ere it fade and die!

ode

the morning of the day appointed for a general thanksgiving.

january 18, 1816

hail, universal source of pure delight!

  for the advertisement to the volume in which this poem appeared see the notes at the end

of this volume.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 83

thou that canst shed the bliss of gratitude

on hearts howe’er insensible or rude,

whether thy orient visitations smite

the haughty towers where monarchs dwell;

5

or thou, impartial sun, with presence bright

cheer’st the low threshold of the peasant’s cell!

—not unrejoiced i see thee climb the sky

in naked splendour, clear from mist or haze,

or cloud approaching to divert the rays,

10

which even in deepest winter testify

thy power and majesty,

dazzling the vision that presumes to gaze.

—well does thine aspect usher in this day;

as aptly suits therewith that timid pace,

15

framed in subjection to the chains

that bind thee to the path which god ordains

that thou shalt trace,

till, with the heavens and earth, thou pass away!

nor less the stillness of these frosty plains,

20

their utter stillness,—and the silent grace

of yon etherial summits white with snow,

whose tranquil pomp, and spotless purity,

report of storms gone by

to us who tread below,

25

do with the service of this day accord.

—divinest object, which the uplifted eye

of mortal man is suffered to behold;

thou, who upon yon snow-clad heights hast poured

meek splendour, nor forget’st the humble vale,

30

thou who dost warm earth’s universal mould,—

and for thy bounty wert not unadored

by pious men of old;

once more, heart-cheering sun, i bid thee hail!

bright be thy course to-day, let not this promise fail!

35

mid the deep quiet of this morning hour,

all nature seems to hear me while i speak,—

by feelings urged, that do not vainly seek

apt language, ready as the tuneful notes

that stream in blithe succession from the throats

40

84 the poems of william wordsworth

of birds in leafy bower,

warbling a farewell to a vernal shower.

—there is a radiant but a short-lived flame,

that burns for poets in the dawning east;—

and oft my soul hath kindled at the same,

45

when the captivity of sleep had ceased;

but he who fixed immovably the frame

of the round world, and built, by laws as strong,

a solid refuge for distress,

the towers of righteousness;

50

he knows that from a holier altar came

the quickening spark of this day’s sacrifice;

knows that the source is nobler whence doth rise

the current of this matin song;

that deeper far it lies

55

than aught dependant on the fickle skies.

have we not conquered?—by the vengeful sword?

ah no, by dint of magnanimity;

that curbed the baser passions, and left free

a loyal band to follow their liege lord,

60

clear-sighted honour—and his staid compeers,

along a track of most unnatural years,

in execution of heroic deeds;

whose memory, spotless as the crystal beads

of morning dew upon the untrodden meads,

65

shall live enrolled above the starry spheres.

— who to the murmurs of an earthly string

of britain’s acts would sing,

he with enraptured voice will tell

of one whose spirit no reverse could quell;

70

of one that mid the failing never failed:

who paints how britain struggled and prevailed,

shall represent her labouring with an eye

of circumspect humanity;

shall shew her clothed with strength and skill,

75

all martial duties to fulfil;

firm as a rock in stationary fight;

in motion rapid as the lightning’s gleam;

fierce as a flood-gate bursting in the night

shorter poems (1807–1820) 85

to rouse the wicked from their giddy dream—

80

woe, woe to all that face her in the field!

appalled she may not be, and cannot yield.

and thus is missed the sole true glory

that can belong to human story!

at which they only shall arrive

85

who through the abyss of weakness dive:

the very humblest are too proud of heart:

and one brief day is rightly set apart

to him who lifteth up and layeth low;

for that almighty god to whom we owe,

90

say not that we have vanquished—but that we survive.

how dreadful the dominion of the impure!

why should the song be tardy to proclaim

that less than power unbounded could not tame

that soul of evil—which, from hell let loose,

95

had filled the astonished world with such abuse,

as boundless patience only could endure?

— wide-wasted regions—cities wrapped in flame—

who sees, and feels, may lift a streaming eye

to heaven,—who never saw may heave a sigh;

100

but the foundation of our nature shakes,

and with an infinite pain the spirit aches,

when desolated countries, towns on fire,

are but the avowed attire

of warfare waged with desperate mind

105

against the life of virtue in mankind;

assaulting without ruth

the citadels of truth;

while the old forest of civility

is doomed to perish, to the last fair tree.

110

a crouching purpose—a distracted will—

opposed to hopes that battened upon scorn,

and to desires whose ever-waxing horn

not all the light of earthly power could fill;

opposed to dark, deep plots of patient skill,

115

and the celerities of lawless force

which, spurning god, had flung away remorse—

86 the poems of william wordsworth

what could they gain but shadows of redress?

—so bad proceeded propagating worse;

and discipline was passion’s dire excess.

120

widens the fatal web—its lines extend,

and deadlier poisons in the chalice blend—

when will your trials teach you to be wise?

—o prostrate lands, consult your agonies!

no more—the guilt is banished,

125

and with the guilt the shame is fled,

and with the guilt and shame the woe hath vanished,

shaking the dust and ashes from her head!

—no more, these lingerings of distress

sully the limpid stream of thankfulness.

130

what robe can gratitude employ

so seemly as the radiant vest of joy?

what steps so suitable as those that move

in prompt obedience to spontaneous measures

of glory—and felicity—and love,

135

surrendering the whole heart to sacred pleasures?

land of our fathers! precious unto me

since the first joys of thinking infancy;

when of thy gallant chivalry i read,

and hugged the volume on my sleepless bed!

140

o england!—dearer far than life is dear,

if i forget thy prowess, never more

be thy ungrateful son allowed to hear

thy green leaves rustle, or thy torrents roar!

but how can he be faithless to the past,

145

whose soul, intolerant of base decline,

saw in thy virtue a celestial sign,

that bade him hope, and to his hope cleave fast!

the nations strove with puissance;—at length

wide europe heaved, impatient to be cast,

150

with all her living strength,

with all her armed powers,

upon the offensive shores.

  “ ‘a discipline the rule whereof is passion.’—lord brook.” ww quotes a phrase from fulke

greville, st baron brooke (554– 628), poet and biographer of sir philip sidney.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 87

the trumpet blew a universal blast!

but thou art foremost in the field;—there stand:

155

receive the triumph destined to thy hand!

all states have glorified themselves;—their claims

are weighed by providence, in balance even;

and now, in preference to the mightiest names,

to thee the exterminating sword is given.

160

dread mark of approbation, justly gained!

exalted office, worthily sustained!

imagination, ne’er before content,

but aye ascending, restless in her pride,

from all that man’s performance could present,

165

stoops to that closing deed magnificent,

and with the embrace is satisfied.

—fly, ministers of fame,

whate’er your means, whatever help ye claim,

bear through the world these tidings of delight!

170

—hours, days, and months, have borne them in the sight

of mortals, travelling faster than the shower,

that land-ward stretches from the sea,

the morning’s splendors to devour;

but this appearance scattered extacy,—

175

and heart-sick europe blessed the healing power.

— the shock is given—the adversaries bleed—

lo, justice triumphs! earth is freed!

such glad assurance suddenly went forth—

it pierced the caverns of the sluggish north—

180

it found no barrier on the ridge

of andes—frozen gulphs became its bridge—

the vast pacific gladdens with the freight—

upon the lakes of asia ’tis bestowed—

the arabian desart shapes a willing road

185

across her burning breast,

for this refreshing incense from the west!

—where snakes and lions breed,

where towns and cities thick as stars appear,

wherever fruits are gathered, and where’er

190

the upturned soil receives the hopeful seed—

while the sun rules, and cross the shades of night—

88 the poems of william wordsworth

the unwearied arrow hath pursued its flight!

the eyes of good men thankfully give heed,

and in its sparkling progress read

195

how virtue triumphs, from her bondage freed!

tyrants exult to hear of kingdoms won,

and slaves are pleased to learn that mighty feats are done;

even the proud realm, from whose distracted borders

this messenger of good was launched in air,

200

france, conquered france, amid her wild disorders,

feels, and hereafter shall the truth declare,

that she too lacks not reason to rejoice,

and utter england’s name with sadly-plausive voice.

preserve, o lord! within our hearts

205

the memory of thy favour,

that else insensibly departs,

and loses its sweet savour!

lodge it within us!—as the power of light

lives inexhaustibly in precious gems,

210

fixed on the front of eastern diadems,

so shine our thankfulness for ever bright!

what offering, what transcendant monument

shall our sincerity to thee present?

—not work of hands; but trophies that may reach

215

to highest heaven—the labour of the soul;

that builds, as thy unerring precepts teach,

upon the inward victories of each,

her hope of lasting glory for the whole.

—yet might it well become that city now,

220

into whose breast the tides of grandeur flow,

to whom all persecuted men retreat;

if a new temple lift its votive brow

upon the shore of silver thames—to greet

the peaceful guest advancing from afar?

225

bright be the distant fabric, as a star

fresh risen—and beautiful within!—there meet

dependance infinite, proportion just;

—a pile that grace approves, and time can trust.

but if the valiant of this land

230

shorter poems (1807–1820) 89

in reverential modesty demand,

that all observance, due to them, be paid

where their serene progenitors are laid;

kings, warriors, high-souled poets, saint-like sages,

england’s illustrious sons of long, long ages;

235

be it not unordained that solemn rites,

within the circuit of those gothic walls,

shall be performed at pregnant intervals;

commemoration holy that unites

the living generations with the dead;

240

by the deep soul-moving sense

of religious eloquence,—

by visual pomp, and by the tie

of sweet and threatening harmony;

soft notes, awful as the omen

245

of destructive tempests coming,

and escaping from that sadness

into elevated gladness;

while the white-rob’d choir attendant,

under mouldering banners pendant,

250

provoke all potent symphonies to raise

songs of victory and praise,

for them who bravely stood unhurt—or bled

with medicable wounds, or found their graves

upon the battle field—or under ocean’s waves;

255

or were conducted home in single state,

and long procession—there to lie,

where their sons’ sons, and all posterity,

unheard by them, their deeds shall celebrate!

nor will the god of peace and love

260

such martial service disapprove.

he guides the pestilence—the cloud

of locusts travels on his breath;

the region that in hope was ploughed

his drought consumes, his mildew taints with death;

265

he springs the hushed volcano’s mine,

he puts the earthquake on her still design,

darkens the sun, hath bade the forest sink,

and, drinking towns and cities, still can drink

90 the poems of william wordsworth

cities and towns—’tis thou—the work is thine!

270

— the fierce tornado sleeps within thy courts—

he hears the word—he flies—

and navies perish in their ports;

for thou art angry with thine enemies!

for these, and for our errors,

275

and sins that point their terrors,

we bow our heads before thee, and we laud

and magnify thy name, almighty god!

but thy most dreaded instrument,

in working out a pure intent,

280

is man—arrayed for mutual slaughter,—

yea, carnage is thy daughter!

thou cloth’st the wicked in their dazzling mail,

and by thy just permission they prevail;

thine arm from peril guards the coasts

285

of them who in thy laws delight:

thy presence turns the scale of doubtful fight,

tremendous god of battles, lord of hosts!

to thee—to thee—

on this appointed day shall thanks ascend,

290

that thou hast brought our warfare to an end,

and that we need no further victory!

ha! what a ghastly sight for man to see;

and to the heavenly saints in peace who dwell,

for a brief moment, terrible;

295

but to thy sovereign penetration fair,

before whom all things are, that were,

all judgments that have been, or e’er shall be,

links in the chain of thy tranquillity!

along the bosom of this favoured nation,

300

breathe thou, this day, a vital undulation!

let all who do this land inherit

be conscious of thy moving spirit!

oh, ’tis a goodly ordinance,—the sight,

though sprung from bleeding war, is one of pure delight;

305

bless thou the hour, or ere the hour arrive,

when a whole people shall kneel down in prayer,

and, at one moment, in one spirit, strive

shorter poems (1807–1820) 91

with lip and heart to tell their gratitude

for thy protecting care,

310

their solemn joy—praising the eternal lord

for tyranny subdued,

and for the sway of equity renewed,

for liberty confirmed, and peace restored!

but hark—the summons!—down the placid lake

315

floats the soft cadence of the church-tower bells;

bright shines the sun, as if his beams might wake

the tender insects sleeping in their cells;

bright shines the sun—and not a breeze to shake

the drops that point the melting icicles:—

320

o, enter now his temple gate!

inviting words—perchance already flung,

(as the crowd press devoutly down the aisle

of some old minster’s venerable pile)

from voices into zealous passion stung,

325

while the tubed engine feels the inspiring blast,

and has begun—its clouds of sound to cast

towards the empyreal heaven,

as if the fretted roof were riven.

us, humbler ceremonies now await;

330

but in the bosom with devout respect,

the banner of our joy we will erect,

and strength of love our souls shall elevate:

for to a few collected in his name,

their heavenly father will incline his ear,

335

hallowing himself the service which they frame;—

awake! the majesty of god revere!

go—and with foreheads meekly bowed

present your prayers—go—and rejoice aloud—

the holy one will hear!

340

and what mid silence deep, with faith sincere,

ye, in your low and undisturbed estate,

shall simply feel and purely meditate

of warnings—from the unprecedented might,

which, in our time, the impious have disclosed;

345

and of more arduous duties thence imposed

upon the future advocates of right;

92 the poems of william wordsworth

of mysteries revealed,

and judgments unrepealed,—

of earthly revolution,

350

and final retribution,—

to his omniscience will appear

an offering not unworthy to find place,

on this high day of thanks, before the throne of grace!

elegiac verses

february 1816

“rest, rest, perturbed earth!

o rest, thou doleful mother of mankind!”

a spirit sang in tones more plaintive than the wind;

“from regions where no evil thing has birth

i come—thy stains to wash away,

5

thy cherished fetters to unbind,

to open thy sad eyes upon a milder day!

— the heavens are thronged with martyrs that have risen

from out thy noisome prison;

the penal caverns groan

10

with tens of thousands rent from off the tree

of hopeful life,—by battle’s whirlwind blown

into the desarts of eternity.

unpitied havoc! victims unlamented!

but not on high, where madness is resented,

15

and murder causes some sad tears to flow,

though, from the widely-sweeping blow,

the choirs of angels spread, triumphantly augmented.

“false parent of mankind!

obdurate, proud, and blind,

20

i sprinkle thee with soft celestial dews,

thy lost maternal heart to reinfuse!

scattering this far-fetched moisture from my wings,

upon the act a blessing i implore,

of which the rivers in their secret springs,

25

the rivers stained so oft with human gore,

are conscious;—may the like return no more!

may discord—for a seraph’s care

shorter poems (1807–1820) 93

shall be attended with a bolder prayer—

may she, who once disturbed the seats of bliss,

30

these mortal spheres above,

be chained for ever to the black abyss!

and thou, o rescued earth, by peace and love,

and merciful desires, thy sanctity approve!”

the spirit ended his mysterious rite,

35

and the pure vision closed in darkness infinite.

ode,

composed in january 1816



————carmina possumus





donare, et pretium dicere muneri.





non incisa notis marmora publicis,





per quæ spiritus et vita redit bonis





post mortem ducibus—————





——————clarius indicant





laudes, quam————pierides; neque,





si charæ sileant quod bene feceris,





mercedem tuleris.——hor. car. 8. lib. 4.

when the soft hand of sleep had closed the latch

on the tired household of corporeal sense,

and fancy in her airy bower kept watch,

free to exert some kindly influence;

i saw—but little boots it that my verse

5

a shadowy visitation should rehearse,

for to our shores such glory hath been brought,

that dreams no brighter are than waking thought—

i saw, in wondrous perspective displayed,

a landscape richer than the happiest skill

10

of pencil ever clothed with light and shade;

an intermingled pomp of vale and hill,

tower, town, and city—and suburban grove,

  the epigraph is from horace’s ode to censorinus, which opens with the poet saying that

if he could, he would give his friends works of art, and censorinus does not care for such

things: he takes pleasure in poems. horace continues, in the passage ww quotes, “we

can give verses, and declare the worth of the gift. marbles inscribed with public notices,

through which spirit and life return after death to good leaders, do not set forth praises

more clearly than the muses; nor will you receive a reward if writings are silent about your

achievements.”

94 the poems of william wordsworth

and stately forest where the wild deer rove;

and, in a clouded quarter of the sky,

15

through such a portal as with chearful eye

the traveller greets in time of threatened storm,

issued, to sudden view, a radiant form!

earthward it glided with a swift descent:

saint george himself this visitant may be;

20

and ere a thought could ask on what intent

he sought the regions of humanity,

a thrilling voice was heard, that vivified

my patriotic heart;—aloud it cried,

“i, the guardian of this land,

25

speak not now of toilsome duty—

well obeyed was that command,

days are come of festive beauty;

haste, virgins, haste!—the flowers which summer gave

have perished in the field;

30

but the green thickets plenteously will yield

fit garlands for the brave,

that will be welcome, if by you entwined!

haste, virgins, haste;—and you, ye matrons grave,

go forth with rival youthfulness of mind,

35

and gather what ye find

of hardy laurel and wild holly boughs,

to deck your stern defenders’ modest brows!

such simple gifts prepare,

though they have gained a worthier meed;

40

and in due time shall share

those palms and amaranthine wreaths,

unto their martyred countrymen decreed,

in realms where everlasting freshness breathes!”

and lo! with crimson banners proudly streaming,

45

and upright weapons innocently gleaming,

along the surface of a spacious plain,

advance in order the redoubted bands,

and there receive green chaplets from the hands

of a fair female train,

50

maids and matrons—dight

shorter poems (1807–1820) 95

in robes of purest white,—

while from the crowd burst forth a rapturous noise

by the cloud-capt hills retorted,—

and a throng of rosy boys

55

in loose fashion told their joys,—

and grey-haired sires, on staffs supported,

looked round—and by their smiling seemed to say,

thus strives a grateful country to display

the mighty debt which nothing can repay!

60

anon, i saw, beneath a dome of state,

the feast dealt forth with bounty unconfined;

and while the vaulted roof did emulate

the starry heavens through splendour of the show,

it rang with music,—and methought the wind

65

scattered the tuneful largess far and near,

that they who asked not might partake the cheer,

who listened not could hear,

where’er the wild winds were allowed to blow!

—that work reposing, on the verge

70

of busiest exultation hung a dirge,

breathed from a soft and lonely instrument,

that kindled recollections

of agonized affections;

and, though some tears the strain attended,

75

the mournful passion ended

in peace of spirit, and sublime content!

—but garlands wither,—festal shows depart,

like dreams themselves, and sweetest sound,

albeit of effect profound,

80

it was—and it is gone!

victorious england! bid the silent art

reflect, in glowing hues that shall not fade,

these high achievements,—even as she arrayed

with second life the deed of marathon

85

upon athenian walls:

so may she labour for thy civic halls;

and be the guardian spaces

of consecrated places,

96 the poems of william wordsworth

graced with such gifts as sculpture can bestow,

90

when inspiration guides her patient toil;

and let imperishable trophies grow

fixed in the depths of this courageous soil;

expressive records of a glorious strife,

and competent to shed a spark divine

95

into the torpid breast of daily life;

trophies on which the morning sun may shine,

as changeful ages flow,

with gratulation thoroughly benign!

and ye, pierian sisters, sprung from jove

100

and sage mnemosyne,—full long debarred

from your first mansions,—exiled all too long

from many a consecrated stream and grove,

dear native regions where ye wont to rove,

chaunting for patriot heroes the reward

105

of never-dying song!

now, (for, though truth descending from above

the olympian summit hath destroyed for aye

your kindred deities, ye live and move,

and exercise unblamed a generous sway,)

110

now, on the margin of some spotless fountain,

or top serene of unmolested mountain,

strike audibly the noblest of your lyres,

and for a moment meet my soul’s desires!

that i, or some more favoured bard, may hear

115

what ye, celestial maids! have often sung

of britain’s acts,—may catch it with rapt ear,

and give the treasure to our british tongue!

so shall the characters of that proud page

support their mighty theme from age to age;

120

and, in the desart places of the earth,

when they to future empires have given birth,

so shall the people gather and believe

the bold report, transferred to every clime;

and the whole world, not envious but admiring,

125

and to the like aspiring,

own that the progeny of this fair isle

had power as lofty actions to achieve

shorter poems (1807–1820) 97

as were performed in man’s heroic prime;

nor wanted, when their fortitude had held

130

its even tenour and the foe was quelled,

a corresponding virtue to beguile

the hostile purpose of wide-wasting time;

that not in vain they laboured to secure

for their great deeds perpetual memory,

135

and fame as largely spread as land and sea,

by works of spirit high and passion pure!

composed in recollection of the expedition of the

french into russia

february 1816

humanity, delighting to behold

a fond reflexion of her own decay,

hath painted winter like a shrunken, old,

and close-wrapt traveller—through the weary day—

propped on a staff, and limping o’er the plain,

5

as though his weakness were disturbed by pain;

or, if a juster fancy should allow

an undisputed symbol of command,

the chosen sceptre is a withered bough,

infirmly grasped within a palsied hand.

10

these emblems suit the helpless and forlorn;

but mighty winter the device shall scorn.

for he it was—dread winter!—who beset,

flinging round van and rear his ghastly net,

that host,—when from the regions of the pole

15

they shrunk, insane ambition’s barren goal,

that host,—as huge and strong as e’er defied

their god, and placed their trust in human pride!

as fathers persecute rebellious sons,

he smote the blossoms of their warrior youth;

20

he called on frost’s inexorable tooth

life to consume in manhood’s firmest hold;

nor spared the reverend blood that feebly runs,—

for why, unless for liberty enrolled

and sacred home, ah! why should hoary age be bold?

25

98 the poems of william wordsworth

fleet the tartar’s reinless steed,—

but fleeter far the pinions of the wind,

which from siberian caves the monarch freed,

and sent him forth, with squadrons of his kind,

and bade the snow their ample backs bestride,

30

and to the battle ride;—

no pitying voice commands a halt—

no courage can repel the dire assault,—

distracted, spiritless, benumbed and blind,

whole legions sink—and, in one instant, find

35

burial and death: look for them—and descry,

when morn returns, beneath the clear blue sky,

a soundless waste, a trackless vacancy!

sonnet,

on the same occasion.

february 1816

ye storms, resound the praises of your king!

and ye mild seasons—in a sunny clime,

midway on some high hill, while father time

looks on delighted—meet in festal ring,

and loud and long of winter’s triumph sing!

5

sing ye, with blossoms crowned, and fruits, and flowers,

of winter’s breath surcharged with sleety showers,

and the dire flapping of his hoary wing!

knit the blithe dance upon the soft green grass;

with feet, hands, eyes, looks, lips, report your gain;

10

whisper it to the billows of the main,

and to the aerial zephyrs as they pass,

that old decrepit winter— he hath slain

that host, which rendered all your bounties vain!

ode

who rises on the banks of seine,

and binds her temples with the civic wreath?

what joy to read the promise of her mien!

how sweet to rest her wide-spread wings beneath!

but they are ever playing,

5

shorter poems (1807–1820) 99

and twinkling in the light,—

and if a breeze be straying,

that breeze she will invite;

and stands on tiptoe, conscious she is fair,

and calls a look of love into her face—

10

and spreads her arms—as if the general air

alone could satisfy her wide embrace.

—melt, principalities, before her melt!

her love ye hailed—her wrath have felt!

but she through many a change of form hath gone,

15

and stands amidst you now, an armed creature,

whose panoply is not a thing put on,

but the live scales of a portentous nature;

that, having wrought its way from birth to birth,

stalks round—abhorred by heaven, a terror to the earth!

20

i marked the breathings of her dragon crest;

my soul in many a midnight vision bowed

before the meanings which her spear expressed;

whether the mighty beam, in scorn upheld,

threatened her foes,—or, pompously at rest,

25

seemed to bisect the orbit of her shield,

like to a long blue bar of solid cloud

at evening stretched across the fiery west.

so did she daunt the earth, and god defy!

and, wheresoe’er she spread her sovereignty,

30

pollution tainted all that was most pure.

—have we not known—and live we not to tell

that justice seemed to hear her final knell?

faith buried deeper in her own deep breast

her stores—and sighed to find them insecure!

35

and hope was maddened by the drops that fell

from shades—her chosen place of short-lived rest,

which, when they first received her, she had blest:

shame followed shame—and woe supplanted woe—

in this the only change that time can show?

40

how long shall vengeance sleep? ye patient heavens, how long?

—infirm ejaculation—from the tongue

of nations wanting virtue to be strong

100 the poems of william wordsworth

up to the measure of accorded might,—

and daring not to feel the majesty of right!

45

weak spirits are there—who would ask,

upon the pressure of a painful thing,

the lion’s sinews, or the eagle’s wing;

or let their wishes loose, in forest glade,

among the lurking powers

50

of herbs and lowly flowers,

or seek, from saints above, miraculous aid;

that man may be accomplished for a task

which his own nature hath enjoined—and why?

if, when that interference hath relieved him,

55

he must sink down to languish

in worse than former helplessness—and lie

till the caves roar,—and, imbecility

again engendering anguish,

the same weak wish returns—that had before deceived him.

60

but thou, supreme disposer! might’st not speed

the course of things, and change the creed,

which hath been held aloft before men’s sight

since the first framing of societies;

whether, as bards have told in ancient song,

65

built up by soft seducing harmonies,—

or pressed together by the appetite,

and by the power of wrong!

a fact, and an imagination;

or, canute and alfred

the danish conqueror, on his royal chair

mustering a face of haughtiest sovereignty,

to aid a covert purpose, cried—“o ye

approaching waters of the deep, that share

with this green isle my fortunes, come not where

5

your master’s throne is set!”—absurd decree!

a mandate, uttered to the foaming sea,

is to its motions less than wanton air.

—then canute, rising from the invaded throne,

shorter poems (1807–1820) 101

said to his servile courtiers, “poor the reach,

10

the undisguised extent, of mortal sway!

he only is a king, and he alone

deserves the name, (this truth the billows preach)

whose everlasting laws, sea, earth, and heaven obey.”

this just reproof the prosperous dane

15

drew, from the impulse of the main,

for some whose rugged northern mouths would strain

at oriental flattery;

and canute (truth more worthy to be known)

from that time forth did for his brows disown

20

the ostentatious symbol of a crown;

esteeming earthly royalty

contemptible and vain.

now hear what one of elder days,

rich theme of england’s fondest praise,

25

her darling alfred, might have spoken;

to cheer the remnant of his host

when he was driven from coast to coast,

distress’d and harass’d, but with mind unbroken;

“my faithful followers, lo! the tide is spent;

30

that rose, and steadily advanced to fill

the shores and channels, working nature’s will

among the mazy streams that backward went, ,

and in the sluggish pools where ships are pent.

and now, its task perform’d, the flood stands still

35

at the green base of many an inland hill,

in placid beauty and sublime content!

such the repose that sage and hero find;

such measured rest the sedulous and good

of humbler name; whose souls do, like the flood

40

of ocean, press right on; or gently wind,

neither to be diverted nor withstood,

until they reach the bounds by heaven assigned.”

on the disinterment of the remains of the duke d’enghien

dear reliques! from a pit of vilest mold

uprisen—to lodge among ancestral kings;

102 the poems of william wordsworth

and to inflict shame’s salutary stings

on the remorseless hearts of men grown old

in a blind worship; men perversely bold

5

even to this hour; yet at this hour they quake;

and some their monstrous idol shall forsake,

if to the living truth was ever told

by aught surrendered from the hollow grave:

o murdered prince! meek, loyal, pious, brave!

10

the power of retribution once was given;

but ’tis a rueful thought that willow bands

so often tie the thunder-wielding hands

of justice, sent to earth from highest heaven!

dion

fair is the swan, whose majesty—prevailing

o’er breezeless water on loccarno’s lake—

bears him on while, proudly sailing,

he leaves behind a moon-illumin’d wake:

behold, the mantling spirit of reserve

5

fashions his neck into a goodly curve,

an arch thrown back between luxuriant wings

of whitest garniture, like firtree boughs

to which on some unruffled morning clings

a flaky weight of winter’s purest snows!

10

—behold—as with a gushing impulse heaves

that downy prow, and softly cleaves

the mirror of the crystal flood,

vanish the dusky hill and shadowy wood

and pendent rocks where’er in gliding state

15

winds the mute creature without visible mate

or rival, save the queen of night

showering down a silver light

from heaven, upon her chosen favorite.

2

so pure—so bright—so fitted to embrace,

20

where’er he turned, a natural grace

of haughtiness without pretence,

and to unfold a still magnificence

shorter poems (1807–1820) 103

was princely dion, in the power

and beauty of his happier hour.

25

nor less the homage that was seen to wait

on dion’s virtue when the lunar beam

of plato’s genius from its lofty sphere

fell round him in the grove of academe,

softening his inbred dignity austere.

30

3

if on thy faith the world delight to gaze,

pride of the world—beware! for thou mayst live,

like dion, to behold the torch of praise

inverted in thy presence, and to give

proof, for the historian’s page and poet’s lays,

35

that peace, even peace herself, is fugitive.

4

five thousand warriors (o the joyful day!)

each crown’d with flowers and arm’d with spear and shield

or ruder weapon such as chance might yield,

to syracuse advanc’d in bright array.

40

who leads them on?— the anxious people see

long-exil’d dion marching at their head,

he also crown’d with flowers of sicily

and in a white far-beaming corselet clad.

pure transport undisturb’d by doubt or fear

45

the gazers feel, and, rushing to the plain,

salute those strangers as a holy train

or blest procession (to the immortals dear)

that brought their precious liberty again.

lo! when the gates are entered, on each hand

50

down the long street rich goblets fill’d with wine

in seemly order stand

on tables set as if for rites divine—

and wheresoe’er the great deliverer pass’d

fruits were strewn before his eye

55

and flowers upon his person cast

in boundless prodigality;

nor did the general voice abstain from prayer,

invoking dion’s tutelary care

104 the poems of william wordsworth

as if a very deity he were.

60

5

mourn, olive bowers of attica—and thou,

partake the sadness of the groves,

famed hill hymettus, round whose fragrant brow,

industrious bees each seeking what she loves

or fraught with treasure which she best approves

65

their murmurs blend,—in choral elevation,

not wholly lost upon the abstracted ear

of unambitious men who wander near

immersed in lonely contemplation,—

mourn, sunny hill, and shady grove!—and mourn,

70

ilyssus, bending o’er thy classic urn!

for he, who to divinity aspired

not on the wings of popular applause

but through dependance on the sacred laws

framed in the schools where wisdom dwelt retired,

75

hath stained the robes of civil power with blood,

unjustly shed though for the public good—

droops the slave of fear and sorrow,

depress’d today and unrelieved tomorrow,

and oft his cogitations sank as low

80

as through the abysses of a joyless heart

the heaviest plummet of despair can go—

but whence that sudden check—that fearful start?

he hears an uncouth sound—

anon his lifted eyes

85

saw, at a long-drawn gallery’s dusky bound,

a shape of more than mortal size

and hideous aspect, stalking round and round!

a woman’s garb the phantom wore

and fiercely swept the marble floor—

90

like winged auster stooping low

his force on caspian foam to try,

or boreas when he scow’rs the snow

that skins the plains of thessaly,

or when aloft on mænalus he stops

95

his flight, mid eddying pine-tree tops.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 105

6

so, but from toil less sign of profit reaping,

the sullen spectre to her purpose bowed,

sweeping—vehemently sweeping—

long gazed the chieftain—ere he spake—aloud—

100

with even voice, and stern composure wrought

into his brow by self-supporting thought:

“avaunt, inexplicable guest—avaunt,

intrusive phantom!—let me rather see

what they behold whom vengeful furies haunt

105

who, while they struggle from the scourge to flee,

move where the wretched soil is not unworn

and in their anguish bear what other minds have borne!”—

7

but shapes that come not at an earthly call

will not depart when mortal voices bid—

110

lords of the visionary eye whose lid

once raised, remains aghast, and will not fall—

“ye gods, that servile implement

obeys a mystical intent!

your minister would brush away

115

the spots that to my soul adhere;

but should she labour, night and day,

they will not, cannot disappear—

whence angry perturbations,—and a look

which no philosophy can brook.”—

120

8

away—for hark! a rushing sound

a conflict—and a groan profound!

o matchless perfidy!—portentous lust

of monstrous crime—that horror—striking blade,

drawn in defiance of the gods, hath laid

125

the noble syracusan low in dust!

— thus were the hopeless troubles that involved

the soul of dion instantly dissolved.—

released from life and cares of princely state,

106 the poems of william wordsworth

he left this moral grafted on his fate:

130

“him only pleasure leads and peace attends,

him, only him, the shield of jove defends

whose means are fair and spotless as his ends.”

to ———,

on her first ascent to the

summit of helvellyn

inmate of a mountain dwelling,

thou hast clomb aloft, and gaz’d,

from the watch-towers of helvellyn;

awed, delighted, and amazed!

potent was the spell that bound thee

5

in the moment of dismay,

while blue ether’s arms, flung round thee,

still’d the pantings of dismay.

lo! the dwindled woods and meadows!

what a vast abyss is there!

10

lo! the clouds, the solemn shadows,

and the glistenings—heavenly fair!

and a record of commotion

which a thousand ridges yield;

ridge, and gulph, and distant ocean

15

gleaming like a silver shield!

—take thy flight;—possess, inherit

alps or andes—they are thine!

with the morning’s roseate spirit,

sweep their length of snowy line;

20

or survey the bright dominions

in the gorgeous colours drest,

flung from off the purple pinions,

evening spreads throughout the west!

thine are all the choral fountains

25

warbling in each sparry vault

shorter poems (1807–1820) 107

of the untrodden lunar mountains;

listen to their songs!—or halt,

to niphate’s top invited,

whither spiteful satan steer’d;

30

or descend where the ark alighted

when the green earth re-appeared;

for the power of hills is on thee,

as was witnessed through thine eye

then, when old helvellyn won thee

35

to confess their majesty!

“a little onward lend thy guiding hand”

“a little onward lend thy guiding hand

to these dark steps, a little further on!”

— what trick of memory to my voice hath brought,

this mournful iteration? for though time,

the conqueror, crowns the conquer’d, on this brow

5

planting his favourite silver diadem,

nor he, nor minister of his intent

to run before him, hath enrolled me yet,

though not unmenaced, among those who lean

upon a living staff, with borrowed sight.

10

—o my antigone, beloved child!

should that day come—but hark! the birds salute

the cheerful dawn brightening for me the east;

for me, thy natural leader, once again

impatient to conduct thee, not as erst

15

a tottering infant, with compliant stoop

from flower to flower supported; but to curb

thy nymph-like step swift-bounding o’er the lawn,

along the loose rocks, or the slippery verge

of foaming torrents.—from thy orisons

20

come forth; and, while the morning air is yet

transparent as the soul of innocent youth,

let me, thy happy guide, now point thy way,

and now precede thee, winding to and fro,

till we by perseverance gain the top

25

of some smooth ridge, whose brink precipitous

108 the poems of william wordsworth

kindles intense desire for powers withheld

from this corporeal frame; whereon who stands,

is seized with strong incitement to push forth

his arms, as swimmers use, and plunge—dread thought!

30

for pastime plunge—into the “abrupt abyss,”

where ravens spread their plumy vans, at ease!

and yet more gladly thee would i conduct

through woods and spacious forests,—to behold

there, how the original of human art,

35

heaven-prompted nature, measures and erects

her temples, fearless for the stately work,

though waves in every breeze its high-arched roof,

and storms the pillars rock. but we such schools

of reverential awe will chiefly seek

40

in the still summer noon, while beams of light;

reposing here, and in the aisles beyond

traceably gliding through the dusk, recall

to mind the living presences of nuns;

a gentle, pensive, white-robed sisterhood,

45

whose saintly radiance mitigates the gloom

of those terrestrial fabrics, where they serve,

to christ, the sun of righteousness, espoused.

re-open now thy everlasting gates,

thou fane of holy writ! ye classic domes,

50

to these glad orbs from darksome bondage freed,

unfold again your portals! passage lies

through you to heights more glorious still, and shades

more awful, where this darling of my care,

advancing with me hand in hand, may learn

55

without forsaking a too earnest world,

to calm the affections, elevate the soul,

and consecrate her life to truth and love.

“i heard (alas, ’twas only in a dream)”

i heard (alas, ’twas only in a dream)

strains—which, as sage antiquity believed,

by waking ears have sometimes been received,

wafted adown the wind from lake or stream;

a most melodious requiem,—a supreme

5

shorter poems (1807–1820) 109

and perfect harmony of notes, achieved

by a fair swan on drowsy billows heaved,

o’er which her pinions shed a silver gleam:—

for is she not the votary of apollo?

and knows she not, singing as he inspires,

10

that bliss awaits her which the ungenial hollow

of the dull earth partakes not, nor desires?

mount, tuneful bird, and join the immortal quires!

she soared—and i awoke,—struggling in vain to follow.

[ lament of mary queen of scots, on the eve of a new year]

“smile of the moon—for so i name

that silent greeting from above,

a gentle flash of light that came

from her whom drooping captives love;

or art thou of still higher birth,

5

thou that did’st part the clouds of earth

my torpor to reprove!

“bright boon of pitying heaven—alas,

i may not trust thy placid cheer,

pondering that time to-night will pass

10

the threshold of another year;

for years to me are sad and dull;

my very moments are too full

of hopelessness and fear.

“and yet the soul-awakening gleam

15

that struck perchance the farthest cone

of scotland’s rocky wilds did seem

to visit me, and me alone;

me unapproached by any friend

but those who to my sorrows lend

20

tears due unto their own.

“meek effluence—that while i trod

with downcast eye, in narrow space

  “see the phedo of plato, by which this sonnet was suggested.” ww refers to to a passage

in plato’s  phaedo in which socrates relates the legend of the swans, who are sacred to apollo and through him have the gift of prophecy at their death, their “swan song.”

2  untitled in this early version, but so titled in print in 820.

110 the poems of william wordsworth

did’st vivify the wintry sod

as if an angel filled the place

25

with softened light—thou wert a touch

even to my heart of hearts—and such

is every gift of grace.

“yet wherefore did it leave the sky,

and wherefore did it seem to speak

30

of something bordering all too nigh

on what full oft i dare to seek?

a happier order for my doom,

a favoured æra when the gloom

at length will cleave and break.

35

“to-night the church-tower bells shall ring

through these wide realms a festive peal;

to the new year a welcoming,

a tuneful offering for the weal

of happy millions lulled in sleep,

40

while i am forced lone watch to keep

by wounds that may not heal.

“born all too high—by wedlock raised

still higher—to be cast thus low!

would that mine eyes had never gazed

45

on aught of more ambitious show

than the sweet flowerets of the fields!

—it is my royal state that yields

the bitterness of woe.

“a woman rules my prison’s key;

50

a sister queen against the bent

of law and holiest sympathy

detains me doubtful of the event;

great god who feel’st for my distress,

my thoughts are all that i possess;

55

o keep them innocent!

“farewell for ever human aid

which abject mortals blindly court!

by friends deceived, by foes betrayed,

shorter poems (1807–1820) 111

of fears the prey, of hopes the sport,

60

nought but the world-redeeming cross

is able to supply my loss,

my burthen to support.

“hark! the death-note of the year,

sounded by the castle clock!”

65

from her sunk eyes a stagnant tear

stole forth, unsettled by the shock;

but oft the woods renewed their green

ere the tired head of scotland’s queen

reposed upon the block.

70

captivity

“as the cold aspect of a sunless way

strikes through the traveller’s frame with deadlier chill,

oft as appears a grove, or obvious hill,

glistening with unparticipated ray,

or shining slope where he must never stray;

5

so joys, remembered without wish or will,

sharpen the keenest edge of present ill,—

on the crush’d heart a heavier burthen lay.

just heaven, contract the compass of my mind

to fit proportion with my altered state!

10

quench those felicities whose light i find

burning within my bosom all too late!—

o be my spirit, like my thraldom, strait;

and like mine eyes, that stream with sorrow, blind!”

sequel to the foregoing [ beggars]

composed many years after

where are they now, those wanton boys?

for whose free range the daedal earth

was filled with animated toys.

and implements of frolic mirth;

with tools for ready wit to guide;

5

and ornaments of seemlier pride,

  ww’s  beggars, first published in 1807 in poems, in two volumes, preceded  sequel in poetical works, 827. for the text of  beggars, see vol.  of this edition.

112 the poems of william wordsworth

more fresh, more bright, than princes wear;

for what one moment flung aside,

another could repair;

what good or evil have they seen

10

since i their pastime witnessed here,

their daring wiles, their sportive cheer?

i ask—but all is dark between!

spirits of beauty and of grace!

associates in that eager chase;

15

ye, by a course to nature true,

the sterner judgment can subdue;

and waken a relenting smile

when she encounters fraud or guile;

and sometimes ye can charm away

20

the inward mischief, or allay,

ye, who within the blameless mind

your favourite seat of empire find!

they met me in a genial hour,

when universal nature breathed

25

as with the breath of one sweet flower,—

a time to overrule the power

of discontent, and check the birth

of thoughts with better thoughts at strife,

the most familiar bane of life

30

since parting innocence bequeathed

mortality to earth!

soft clouds, the whitest of the year,

sailed through the sky—the brooks ran clear;

the lambs from rock to rock were bounding;

35

with songs the budded groves resounding;

and to my heart is still endeared

the faith with which it then was cheered;

the faith which saw that gladsome pair

walk through the fire with unsinged hair.

40

or, if such thoughts must needs deceive,

kind spirits! may we not believe

that they, so happy and so fair,

through your sweet influence, and the care

shorter poems (1807–1820) 113

of pitying heaven, at least were free

45

from touch of deadly injury?

destined, whate’er their earthly doom,

for mercy and immortal bloom!

[ ode.—1817]

forsake me not, urania, but when ev’n

fades into night, resume the enraptur’d song

that shadowed forth the immensity of heavn

in music—uttered surely without wrong

(for ’twas thy work,) though here the listener lay

5

couch’d on green herbage mid the warmth of may

—a parting promise makes a bright farewell:

empow’rd to wait for thy return,

voice of the heavn’s, i will not mourn;

content that holy peace and mute remembrance dwell

10

within the bosom of the chorded shell

tuned mid those seats of love and joy concealed

by day;

by night imperfectly revealed;

thy native mansions that endure—

15

beyond their purest seeming—pure

from taint of dissolution or decay.

—no blights, no wintry desolations

affect those blissful habitations

built such as hope might gather from the hue

20

profound of the celestial blue

and from the aspect of each radiant orb

some fix’d, some wandering with no timid curb

yet both permitted to proclaim

their maker’s glory with unaltered frame.

25

2

and what if his presiding breath

impart a sympathetic motion

unto the gates of life and death

throughout the bounds of earth and ocean;

  in 820 ww titled the poem thus in  the river duddon, a series of sonnets;  vaudracour and julia: and other poems; the poem is untitled in this early manuscript version. after considerable revision it became  vernal ode in 827...

114 the poems of william wordsworth

though all that feeds on nether air

30

howe’er magnificent or fair,

grows but to perish and entrust

its ruins to their kindred dust,

yet by her ever-during care,

her procreant cradle nature keeps

35

amid the unfathomable deeps

and saves the changeful fields of earth

from fear of emptiness or dearth.

thus, in their stations, lifting towards the sky

the foliag’d head in cloud-like majesty,

40

the shadow-casting race of trees survive;

thus in the train of spring arrive

sweet flowers;—what living eye hath viewed

their numbers—endlessly renewed,

wherever strikes the sun’s glad ray,

45

where’er the joyous waters stray;

wherever sportive zephyrs bend

their course, or genial showers descend.

3

o nurs’d at happy distance from the cares

of a too anxious world, mild, pastoral muse

50

that to the sparkling crown urania wears

and to her sister clio’s laurel wreath

preferr’st a garland cull’d from purple heath

or blooming thicket moist with morning dews;

oft side by side with some lov’d votary

55

wrapp’d like thyself in pleasing indolence

while thy tired lute hung on the hawthorn tree

hast thou sate listening till oer-drowsed sense

sank, hardly conscious of the influence

to the soft murmur of the vagrant bee.

60

—a slender sound!—yet hoary time

doth, to the soul, exalt it—with the chime

of all his years—a company

of ages coming, ages gone;

yet each and all in unison

65

with that faint utterance which tells

shorter poems (1807–1820) 115

of treasure suck’d from buds and bells

and stored with frugal [?care] in waxen cells.

4

and is she brought within the power

of vision by this tempting flower,

70

observe each wing—a tiny van—

the structure of her laden thigh

how fragile—yet of ancestry

mysteriously remote and high;

high as the imperial front of man,

75

the roseate bloom on woman’s cheek,

the soaring eagle’s curved beak,

the white plumes of the floating swan—

old as the tyger’s paws, the lion’s mane

ere shaken by that mood of stern disdain

80

at which the desart trembles.—humming bee,

thy sting was needless then, perchance unknown;

the seeds of malice were not sown;

all creatures met in peace from fierceness free

and no pride blended with their majesty.

85

sonnet

the stars are mansions built by nature’s hand;

and, haply, there the spirits of the blest

live, clothed in radiance, their immortal vest;

huge ocean frames, within his yellow strand,

a habitation marvellously planned,

5

for life to occupy in love and rest;

all that we see—is dome, or vault, or nest,

or fort, erected at her sage command.

is this a vernal thought? even so, the spring

gave it while cares were weighing on my heart,

10

mid song of birds, and insects murmuring;

and while the youthful year’s prolific art—

of bud, leaf, blade, and flower—was fashioning

abodes, where self-disturbance hath no part.

116 the poems of william wordsworth

ode

to lycoris,

may, 1817

an age hath been when earth was proud

of lustre too intense

to be sustain’d; and mortals bowed

the front in self-defence.

who then, if dian’s crescent gleamed,

5

or cupid’s sparkling arrow streamed

while on the wing the urchin play’d,

could fearlessly approach the shade?

—enough for one soft vernal day,

if i, a bard of ebbing time

10

and nurtur’d in a fickle clime,

may haunt this horned bay;

whose amorous water multiplies

the flitting halcyon’s vivid dyes;

and smoothes its liquid breast—to show

15

these swan-like specks of mountain snow,

white, as the pair that slid along the plains

of heaven, when venus held the reins!

ii

in youth we love the darksome lawn

brush’d by the owlet’s wing;

20

then, twilight is preferred to dawn,

and autumn to the spring.

sad fancies do we then affect,

in luxury of disrespect

to our own prodigal excess

25

of too familiar happiness.

lycoris (if such name befit

thee, thee my life’s celestial sign!)

when nature marks the year’s decline

be ours to welcome it;

30

pleased with the soil’s requited cares;

pleased with the blue that ether wears;

pleased while the sylvan world displays

its ripeness to the feeding gaze;

shorter poems (1807–1820) 117

pleased when the sullen winds resound the knell

35

of the resplendent miracle.

iii

but something whispers to my heart

that, as we downward tend,

lycoris! life requires an art

to which our souls must bend;

40

a skill—to balance and supply;

and, ere the flowing fount be dry,

as soon it must, a sense to sip,

or drink, with no fastidious lip.

frank greetings, then, to that blithe guest

45

diffusing smiles o’er land and sea,

to aid the vernal deity

whose home is in the breast!

may pensive autumn ne’er present

a claim to her disparagement!

50

while blossoms and the budding spray

inspire us in our own decay;

still, as we nearer draw to life’s dark goal,

be hopeful spring the favourite of the soul!

addressed to ———,

on the longest day

let us quit the leafy arbour,

and the torrent murmuring by;

sol has dropped into his harbour,

weary of the open sky.

evening now unbinds the fetters

5

fashioned by the glowing light;

all that breathe are thankful debtors

to the harbinger of night.

yet by some grave thoughts attended

eve renews her calm career;

10

for the day that now is ended,

is the longest of the year.

118 the poems of william wordsworth

laura! sport, as now thou sportest,

on this platform, light and free;

take thy bliss, while longest, shortest

15

are indifferent to thee!

who would check the happy feeling

that inspires the linnet’s song?

who would stop the swallow wheeling

on her pinions swift and strong?

20

yet, at this impressive season,

words, which tenderness can speak

from the truths of homely reason,

might exalt the loveliest cheek;

and, while shades to shades succeeding

25

steal the landscape from the sight,

i would urge this moral pleading,

last forerunner of “good night!”

summer ebbs;—each day that follows

is a reflux from on high,

30

tending to the darksome hollows

where the frosts of winter lie.

he who governs the creation,

in his providence assigned

such a gradual declination

35

to the life of human kind.

yet we mark it not;—fruits redden,

fresh flowers blow as flowers have blown,

and the heart is loth to deaden

hopes that she so long hath known.

40

be thou wiser, youthful maiden!

and, when thy decline shall come,

let not flowers, or boughs fruit-laden,

hide the knowledge of thy doom.

now, even now, ere wrapped in slumber,

45

fix thine eyes upon the sea

shorter poems (1807–1820) 119

that absorbs time, space, and number,

look towards eternity!

follow thou the flowing river

on whose breast are thither borne

50

all deceiv’d, and each deceiver,

through the gates of night and morn;

through the years’ successive portals;

through the bounds which many a star

marks, not mindless of frail mortals

55

when his light returns from far.

thus, when thou with time hast travell’d

tow’rds the mighty gulph of things,

and the mazy stream unravell’d

with thy best imaginings;

60

think, if thou on beauty leanest,

think how pitiful that stay,

did not virtue give the meanest

charms superior to decay.

duty, like a strict preceptor,

65

sometimes frowns, or seems to frown;

choose her thistle for thy sceptre,

while thy brow youth’s roses crown.

grasp it,—if thou shrink and tremble,

fairest damsel of the green!

70

thou wilt lack the only symbol

that proclaims a genuine queen;

and ensures those palms of honour

which selected spirits wear,

bending low before the donor,

75

lord of heaven’s unchanging year!

120 the poems of william wordsworth

ode.

the pass of kirkstone

i

within the mind strong fancies work,

a deep delight the bosom thrills,

oft as i pass along the fork

of these fraternal hills:

where, save the rugged road, we find

5

no appanage of human kind;

nor hint of man, if stone or rock

seem not his handy-work to mock

by something cognizably shaped;

mockery—or model—roughly hewn,

10

and left as if by earthquake strewn,

or from the flood escaped:—

altars for druid service fit;

(but where no fire was ever lit

unless the glow-worm to the skies

15

thence offer nightly sacrifice;)

wrinkled egyptian monument;

green moss-grown tower; or hoary tent;

tents of a camp that never shall be raised;

on which four thousand years have gazed!

20

ii

ye plowshares sparkling on the slopes!

ye snow-white lambs that trip

imprison’d mid the formal props

of restless ownership!

ye trees that may to-morrow fall,

25

to feed the insatiate prodigal!

lawns, houses, chattels, groves, and fields,

all that the fertile valley shields;

wages of folly—baits of crime,—

of life’s uneasy game the stake,—

30

playthings that keep the eyes awake

of drowsy, dotard time;—

o care! o guilt!—o vales and plains,

shorter poems (1807–1820) 121

here, mid his own unvexed domains,

a genius dwells, that can subdue

35

at once all memory of you,—

most potent when mists veil the sky,

mists that distort and magnify;

while the coarse rushes, to the sweeping breeze,

sigh forth their ancient melodies!

40

iii

list to those shriller notes!— that march

perchance was on the blast,

when through this height’s inverted arch

rome’s earliest legion passed!

— they saw, adventurously impell’d,

45

and older eyes than theirs beheld,

this block—and yon whose church-like frame

gives to the savage pass its name.

aspiring road! that lov’st to hide

thy daring in a vapoury bourn,

50

not seldom may the hour return

when thou shalt be my guide;

and i (as often we find cause,

when life is at a weary pause,

and we have panted up the hill

55

of duty with reluctant will)

be thankful, even though tired and faint,

for the rich bounties of constraint;

whence oft invigorating transports flow

that choice lacked courage to bestow!

60

iv

my soul was grateful for delight

that wore a threatening brow;

a veil is lifted—can she slight

the scene that opens now?

though habitation none appear,

65

the greenness tells, man must be there;

the shelter—that the perspective

is of the clime in which we live;

where toil pursues his daily round;

122 the poems of william wordsworth

where pity sheds sweet tears, and love,

70

in woodbine bower or birchen grove,

inflicts his tender wound.

—who comes not hither ne’er shall know

how beautiful the world below;

nor can he guess how lightly leaps

75

the brook adown the rocky steeps.

farewell thou desolate domain!

hope, pointing to the cultur’d plain,

carols like a shepherd boy;

and who is she?—can that be joy?

80

who, with a sun-beam for her guide,

smoothly skims the meadows wide;

while faith, from yonder opening cloud,

to hill and vale proclaims aloud,

“whate’er the weak may dread the wicked dare,

85

thy lot, o man, is good, thy portion fair!”

[ to the same]

here let us rest—here, where the gentle beams

of noontide stealing in between the boughs

illuminate their faded leaves;—the air

in the habitual silence of this wood

is more than silent; and this tuft of heath

5

deck’d with the fullness of its flowers presents

as beautiful a couch as e’er was framed.

come—let us venture to exchange the pomp

of widespread landscape for the internal wealth

of quiet thought—protracted till thine eye

10

be calm as water when the winds are gone

and no one can tell whither. dearest friend!

we two have had such blissful hours together

that were power granted to replace them (fetched

from out the pensive shadows where they lie)

15

in the first warmth of their original sunshine,

loth should i be to use it. passing sweet

are the domains of tender memory!

  this poem and the later version that follows refer back to  ode. to lycoris, may, 1817, included above.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 123

to the same

enough of climbing toil!—ambition treads

here, as mid busier scenes, ground steep and rough,

or slippery even to peril! and each step,

as we for most uncertain recompense

mount tow’rd the empire of the fickle clouds,

5

each weary step, dwarfing the world below,

induces, for its old familiar sights,

unacceptable feelings of contempt,

with wonder mixed—that man could e’er be tied,

in anxious bondage, to such nice array

10

and formal fellowship of petty things!

—oh! ’tis the heart that magnifies this life,

making a truth and beauty of her own;

and moss-grown alleys, circumscribing shades,

and gurgling rills, assist her in the work

15

more efficaciously than realms outspread,

as in a map, before the adventurer’s gaze—

ocean and earth contending for regard.

the umbrageous woods are left—how far beneath!

but lo! where darkness seems to guard the mouth

20

of yon wild cave, whose jagged brows are fringed

with flaccid threads of ivy, in the still

and sultry air, depending motionless.

yet cool the space within, and not uncheered

(as whoso enters shall ere long perceive)

25

by stealthy influx of the timid day

mingling with night, such twilight to compose

as numa loved; when, in the egerian grot,

from the sage nymph appearing at his wish,

he gained whate’er a regal mind might ask,

30

or need, of council breathed through lips divine.

long as the heat shall rage, let that dim cave

protect us, there deciphering as we may

diluvian records; or the sighs of earth

interpreting; or counting for old time

35

his minutes, by reiterated drops,

audible tears, from some invisible source

124 the poems of william wordsworth

that deepens upon fancy—more and more

drawn tow’rd the centre whence those sighs creep forth

to awe the lightness of humanity.

40

or, shutting up thyself within thyself,

there let me see thee sink into a mood

of gentler thought, protracted till thine eye

be calm as water when the winds are gone,

and no one can tell whither. dearest friend!

45

we two have known such happy hours together,

that, were power granted to replace them (fetched

from out the pensive shadows where they lie)

in the first warmth of their original sunshine,

loth should i be to use it: passing sweet

50

are the domains of tender memory!

ode,

composed upon an evening of extraordinary splendor and beauty

1

had this effulgence disappeared

with flying haste, i might have sent

among the speechless clouds a look

of blank astonishment;

but ’tis endued with power to stay

5

and solemnize one closing day

that frail mortality may see

what is? ah no—but what can be.

time was when field and watry cove

with modulated echoes rang

10

of harp and voice while angels sang

amid the umbrageous grove;

or ranged like stars along some sovereign height

warbled for heaven above and earth below

strains suitable to both. ye sons of light,

15

if such communion were repeated now

nor harp nor seraph’s voice could move

sublimer rapture, holier love,

than doth this silent spectacle—the gleam,

the shadow—and the peace supreme.

20

shorter poems (1807–1820) 125

2

what though no sound be heard? a deep

and solemn harmony pervades

the hollow vale from steep to steep

and penetrates the glades.

far-distant images draw nigh

25

call’d forth by wondrous potency

of beamy radiance that imbues

whate’er it strikes with gem-like hues.

in vision exquisitely clear

herds graze along the mountain-side

30

and glistening antlers are descried

and gilded flocks appear.

thine is the tranquil hour, purpureal eve!

but long as god-like wish or hope divine

informs my spirit, ne’er i can believe

35

that this magnificence is wholly thine!

from worlds unquicken’d by the sun

a portion of the gift is won,

an intermingling of heav’n’s pomp is spread

on ground which british shepherds tread.

40

3

whence but from some celestial urn

these colours—wont to meet my eye

where’er i wandered in the morn

of blissful infancy?

this glimpse of glory, why renewed?

45

nay, rather speak in gratitude!

for, if a vestige of those gleams

survived, ’twas only in my dreams.

dread power! whom peace and calmness serve

no less than nature’s threatening voice,

50

if aught unworthy be my choice,

from thee if i would swerve,

o let thy grace remind me of the light,

full early lost and fruitlessly deplored,

which, at this moment, on my waking sight

55

appears to shine, by miracle restored.

126 the poems of william wordsworth

my soul though yet confined to earth

rejoices in a second birth!

—tis past—the visionary splendor fades

and night approaches with her shades.

60

“indulgent muse, if thou the labour share”

indulgent muse, if thou the labour share

this object of my care

shall grow a garden stock’d with poesy—

bright weeds and flowers of song

which have been tended long

in all humility.

5

hint from the mountains

for certain political aspirants

stranger, ’tis a sight of pleasure

when the wings of genius rise,

their ability to measure

with great enterprise;

but in man was ne’er such daring

5

as yon hawk exhibits, pairing

his brave spirit with the war in

the stormy skies!

mark him, how his power he uses,

lays it by, at will resumes!

10

mark, ere for his haunt he chooses

clouds and utter glooms!

there, he wheels in downward mazes;

sunward now his flight he raises,

catches fire, as seems, and blazes

15

with uninjur’d plumes!—

answer

traveller, ’tis no act of courage

which aloft thou dost discern;

no bold bird gone forth to forage

mid the tempest stern;

20

but such mockery as the nations

shorter poems (1807–1820) 127

see, when commonwealth-vexations

lift men from their native stations,

like yon tuft of fern;

such it is, and not a haggard

25

soaring on undaunted wing;

’tis by nature dull and laggard,

a poor helpless thing,

dry, and withered, light and yellow;—

that to be the tempest’s fellow!

30

wait—and you shall see how hollow

its endeavouring!

inscriptions,

supposed to be found in, and near, a hermit’s cell

i

hast thou seen, with train incessant,

bubbles gliding under ice,

bodied forth and evanescent,

no one knows by what device?

such are thoughts!—a wind-swept meadow

5

mimicking a troubled sea—

such is life;—and death a shadow

from the rock eternity!

ii

inscribed upon a rock

pause, traveller! whosoe’er thou be

whom chance may lead to this retreat,

where silence yields reluctantly

even to the fleecy straggler’s bleat;

give voice to what my hand shall trace,

5

and fear not lest an idle sound

of words unsuited to the place,

disturb its solitude profound.

i saw this rock, while vernal air

128 the poems of william wordsworth

blew softly o’er the russet heath,

10

uphold a monument as fair

as church or abbey furnisheth.

unsullied did it meet the day,

like marble white, like ether pure;

as if beneath some hero lay,

15

honour’d with costliest sepulture.

my fancy kindled as i gazed;

and, ever as the sun shone forth,

the flatter’d structure glisten’d, blazed,

and seemed the proudest thing on earth.

20

but frost had reared the gorgeous pile

unsound as those which fortune builds;

to undermine with secret guile,

sapp’d by the very beam that gilds.

and, while i gazed, with sudden shock

25

fell the whole fabric to the ground;

and naked left this dripping rock,

with shapeless ruin spread around!

iii

hopes what are they?—beads of morning

strung on slender blades of grass;

or a spider’s web adorning

in a strait and treacherous pass.

what are fears but voices airy?

5

whispering harm where harm is not,

and deluding the unwary

till the fatal bolt is shot!

what is glory?—in the socket

see how dying tapers fare!

10

what is pride?—a whizzing rocket

that would emulate a star.

what is friendship?—do not trust her,

nor the vows which she has made;

shorter poems (1807–1820) 129

diamonds dart their brightest lustre

15

from a palsy-shaken head.

what is truth?—a staff rejected;

duty?—an unwelcome clog;

joy?—a dazzling moon reflected

in a swamp or watery bog;

20

bright, as if through ether steering,

to the traveller’s eye it shone:

he hath hailed it re-appearing—

and as quickly it is gone;

gone, as if for ever hidden,

25

or misshapen to the sight;

and by sullen weeds forbidden

to resume its native light.

what is youth?—a dancing billow,

winds behind, and rocks before!

30

age?—a drooping, tottering willow

on a flat and lazy shore.

what is peace?—when pain is over,

and love ceases to rebel,

let the last faint sigh discover

35

that precedes the passing knell!

iv

near the spring of the hermitage

troubled long with warring notions,

long impatient of thy rod,

i resign my soul’s emotions

unto thee, mysterious god!

what avails the kindly shelter

5

yielded by this craggy rent,

if my spirit toss and welter

on the waves of discontent?

parching summer hath no warrant

130 the poems of william wordsworth

to consume this crystal well;

10

rains, that make each rill a torrent,

neither sully it nor swell.

thus dishonouring not her station,

would my life present to thee,

gracious god, the pure oblation

15

of divine tranquillity!

v

not seldom, clad in radiant vest,

deceitfully goes forth the morn;

not seldom evening in the west

sinks smilingly forsworn.

the smoothest seas will sometimes prove,

5

to the confiding bark, untrue;

and, if she trust the stars above,

they can be treacherous too.

the umbrageous oak, in pomp outspread,

full oft, when storms the welkin rend,

10

draws lightning down upon the head

it promis’d to defend.

but thou art true, incarnate lord!

who didst vouchsafe for man to die;

thy smile is sure, thy plighted word

15

no change can falsify!

i bent before thy gracious throne,

and asked for peace with suppliant knee;

and peace was given,—nor peace alone,

but faith, and hope, and extacy!

20

placard for a poll bearing an old shirt

if money i lack

the shirt on my back

shall off—and go to the hammer;

shorter poems (1807–1820) 131

for though with bare skin

by g— i’ll be in,

5

and raise up a radical clamor!

“the scottish broom on bird-nest brae”

the scottish broom on bird-nest brae

twelve tedious years ago,

when many plants strange blossoms bore

that puzzled high and low,

a not unnatural longing felt,

5

what longing, would ye know?

why, friend, to deck her supple twigs

with yellow in full blow.

to lowther castle she addressed

a prayer both bold and sly,

10

(for all the brooms on bird-nest brae

can talk and speechify)

that flattering breezes blowing thence

their succour would supply;

then she would instantly put forth

15

a flag of yellow die.

but from the castle turret blew

a chill forbidding blast,

which the poor broom no sooner felt

than she shrank up as fast:

20

her wished-for yellow she foreswore,

and since that time has cast

fond looks on colours three or four,

and put forth blue at last.

but now my lads, the election comes

25

in june’s sunshiny hours

when every field, and bank, and brae

is clad with yellow flowers;

while factious blue from shops and booths

tricks out her blustering powers,

30

  ww suggested an improvement on this line, “though i sell shirt, and skin,” to his corre-

spondent, lord lonsdale, february 25, 88.

132 the poems of william wordsworth

lo! smiling nature’s lavish hand

has furnished wreathes for ours.

the pilgrim’s dream

or, the star and the glow-worm

a pilgrim, when the summer day

had closed upon his weary way,

a lodging begg’d beneath a castle’s roof;

but him the haughty warder spurn’d;

and from the gate the pilgrim turn’d,

5

to seek such covert as the field

or heath-besprinkled copse might yield,

or lofty wood, shower-proof.

he paced along; and, pensively

halting beneath a shady tree,

10

whose moss-grown root might serve for couch or seat,

fixed on a star his upward eye;

then, from the tenant of the sky

he turned, and watch’d with kindred look,

a glow-worm, in a dusky nook,

15

apparent at his feet.

the murmur of a neighbouring stream

induced a soft and slumb’rous dream,

a pregnant dream within whose shadowy bounds

he recognised the earth-born star,

20

and that whose radiance gleam’d from far;

and (strange to witness!) from the frame

of the ethereal orb there came

intelligible sounds.

much did it taunt the humbler light

25

that now, when day was fled, and night

hushed the dark earth—fast closing weary eyes,

a very reptile could presume

to show her taper in the gloom,

as if in rivalship with one

30

who sate a ruler on his throne

erected in the skies.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 133

“exalted star!” the worm replied,

“abate this unbecoming pride,

or with a less uneasy lustre shine;

35

thou shrink’st as momently thy rays

are master’d by the breathing haze;

while neither mist, nor thickest cloud

that shapes in heaven its murky shroud,

hath power to injure mine.

40

yet not for this do i aspire

to match the spark of local fire,

that at my will burns on the dewy lawn,

with thy acknowledged glories;—no!

but it behoves that thou shouldst know

45

what favours do attend me here,

till, like thyself, i disappear

before the purple dawn.”

when this in modest guise was said,

across the welkin seem’d to spread

50

a boding sound—for aught but sleep unfit!

hills quaked—the rivers backward ran—

that star, so proud of late, looked wan;

and reeled with visionary stir

in the blue depth, like lucifer

55

cast headlong to the pit!

fire raged,—and when the spangled floor

of ancient ether was no more,

new heavens succeeded, by the dream brought forth:

and all the happy souls that rode

60

transfigured through that fresh abode,

had heretofore, in humble trust,

shone meekly mid their native dust,

the glow-worms of the earth!

this knowledge, from an angel’s voice

65

proceeding, made the heart rejoice

of him who slept upon the open lea:

waking at morn he murmur’d not;

and, till life’s journey closed, the spot

134 the poems of william wordsworth

was to the pilgrim’s soul endeared,

70

where by that dream he had been cheered

beneath the shady tree.

sonnets

suggested by mr. w. westall’s views of the caves, andc.

in yorkshire

“pure element of waters! wheresoe’er”

pure element of waters! wheresoe’er

thou dost forsake thy subterranean haunts,

green herbs, bright flowers, and berry-bearing plants,

— rise into life and in thy train appear:

and, through the sunny portion of the year,

5

swift insects shine, thy hovering pursuivants:

and, if thy bounty fail, the forest pants;

and hart and hind and hunter with his spear,

languish and droop together. nor unfelt

in man’s perturbed soul thy sway benign;

10

and, haply, far within the marble belt

of central earth, where tortured spirits pine

for grace and goodness lost, thy murmurs melt

their anguish,—and they blend sweet songs with thine!

malham cove

was the aim frustrated by force or guile,

when giants scoop’d from out the rocky ground

— tier under tier—this semicirque profound?

(giants—the same who built in erin’s isle

that causeway with incomparable toil!)

5

o, had this vast theatric structure wound

with finish’d sweep into a perfect round,

no mightier work had gain’d the plausive smile

of all-beholding phœbus! but, alas,

vain earth!—false world! foundations must be laid

10

in heav’n; for, mid the wreck of is and was,

1 “waters (as mr. westall informs us in the letter-press prefixed to his admirable views) are invariably found to flow through these caverns.” ww

shorter poems (1807–1820) 135

things incomplete and purposes betrayed

make sadder transits o’er truth’s mystic glass

than noblest objects utterly decayed.

gordale

at early dawn,—or rather when the air

glimmers with fading light, and shadowy eve

is busiest to confer and to bereave,—

then, pensive votary, let thy feet repair

to gordale-chasm, terrific as the lair

5

where the young lions couch;—for so, by leave

of the propitious hour, thou may’st perceive

the local deity, with oozy hair

and mineral crown, beside his jagged urn

recumbent:—him thou may’st behold, who hides

10

his lineaments by day, and there presides,

teaching the docile waters how to turn;

or, if need be, impediment to spurn,

and force their passage to the salt-sea tides!

composed on the banks of a rocky stream

dogmatic teachers, of the snow-white fur!

ye wrangling schoolmen, of the scarlet hood!

who, with a keenness not to be withstood,

press the point home,—or falter and demur,

checked in your course by many a teazing burr;

5

these natural council-seats your acrid blood

might cool;—and, as the genius of the flood

stoops willingly to animate and spur

each lighter function slumbering in the brain,

yon eddying balls of foam—these arrowy gleams,

10

that o’er the pavement of the surging streams

welter and flash—a synod might detain

with subtile speculations, haply vain,

but surely less so than your far-fetched themes!

to a snow-drop, appearing very early in the season.

lone flower, hemmed in with snows and white as they

but hardier far, though modestly thou bend

136 the poems of william wordsworth

thy front—as if such presence could offend!

who guards thy slender stalk while, day by day,

storms, sallying from the mountain-tops, way-lay

5

the rising sun, and on the plains descend?

accept the greeting that befits a friend

whose zeal outruns his promise! blue-eyed may

shall soon behold this border thickly set

with bright jonquils, their odours lavishing

10

on the soft west-wind and his frolic peers;

yet will i not thy gentle grace forget

chaste snow-drop, vent’rous harbinger of spring,

and pensive monitor of fleeting years!

sonnet

on seeing a tuft of snowdrops in a storm

when haughty expectations prostrate lie,

and grandeur crouches like a guilty thing,

oft shall the lowly weak, till nature bring

mature release, in fair society

survive, and fortune’s utmost anger try;

5

like these frail snow-drops that together cling,

and nod their helmets smitten by the wing

of many a furious whirlblast sweeping by.

observe the faithful flowers! if small to great

may lead the thoughts, thus struggling used to stand

10

the emathian phalanx, nobly obstinate;

and so the bright immortal theban band,

whom onset, fiercely urged at jove’s command,

might overwhelm, but could not separate!

composed during one of the most awful of the late storms,

feb. 1819

one who was suffering tumult in his soul

yet fail’d to seek the sure relief of prayer—

went forth—his course surrendering to the care

of the fierce wind, while mid-day lightnings prowl

insidiously,—untimely thunders growl,—

5

while trees, dim-seen, in frenzied numbers tear

shorter poems (1807–1820) 137

the lingering remnant of their yellow hair,—

and shivering wolves, surpris’d with darkness, howl

as if the sun were not;—he lifted high

his head—and in a moment did appear

10

large space, mid dreadful clouds, of purest sky,

an’ azure orb—shield of tranquillity,

invisible unlook’d-for minister

of providential goodness ever nigh!

to ———

those silver clouds collected round the sun

his mid-day warmth abate not, seeming less

to overshade than multiply his beams

by soft reflection—grateful to the sky,

to rocks, fields, woods. nor doth our human sense

5

ask, for its pleasure, screen or canopy

more ample than that time-dismantled oak

spreads o’er this tuft of heath: which now, attired

in the whole fulness of its bloom, affords

as beautiful a couch as e’er on earth

10

was fashioned; whether by the hand of art

that eastern sultan, amid flowers enwrought

on silken tissue, might diffuse his limbs

in languor; or, by nature, for repose

of panting wood-nymph weary of the chace.

15

o lady! fairer in thy poet’s sight

than fairest spiritual creature of the groves,

approach—and, thus invited, crown with rest

the noon-tide hour:—though truly some there are

whose footsteps superstitiously avoid

20

this venerable tree; for, when the wind

blows keenly, it sends forth a creaking sound,

above the general roar of woods and crags;

distinctly heard from far—a doleful note

as if (so grecian shepherds would have deem’d)

25

the hamadryad, pent within, bewailed

some bitter wrong. nor is it unbelieved,

by ruder fancy, that a troubled ghost

haunts this old trunk; lamenting deeds of which

138 the poems of william wordsworth

the flowery ground is conscious. but no wind

30

sweeps now along this elevated ridge;

not even a zephyr stirs;—the obnoxious tree

is mute,—and, in his silence, would look down

on thy reclining form with more delight

than his coevals in the sheltered vale

35

seem to participate, the whilst they view

their own far-stretching arms and leafy heads

vividly pictured in some glassy pool,

that, for a brief space, checks the hurrying stream!

sonnet

on the detraction which followed

the publication of a certain poem





see milton’s sonnet, beginning



“a book was writ of late called ‘tetrachordon.’ ”

a book came forth of late called, “peter bell;”

not negligent the style;—the matter?—good .

as aught that song records of robin hood;

or roy, renowned through many a scottish dell;

but some (who brook these hacknied themes full well,

5

nor heat, at tam o’ shanter’s name, their blood)

wax’d wrath, and with foul claws, a harpy brood—

on bard and hero clamorously fell.

heed not, wild rover once through heath and glen

who mad’st at length the better life thy choice,

10

heed not such onset! nay, if praise of men

to thee appear not an unmeaning voice,

lift up that grey-haired forehead, and rejoice

in the just tribute of thy poet’s pen!

september, 1819

the sylvan slopes with corn-clad fields

are hung, as if with golden shields,

bright trophies of the sun!

like a fair sister of the sky,

unruffled doth the blue lake lie,

5

1 ww’s first three lines are patterned after milton’s sonnet.11.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 139

the mountains looking on.

and, sooth to say, yon vocal grove

albeit uninspired by love,

by love untaught to ring,

may well afford to mortal ear

10

an impulse more profoundly dear

than music of the spring.

for that from turbulence and heat

proceeds, from some uneasy seat

in nature’s struggling frame,

15

some region of impatient life;

and jealousy, and quivering strife,

therein a portion claim.

this, this is holy;—while i hear

these vespers of another year,

20

this hymn of thanks and praise,

my spirit seems to mount above

the anxieties of human love,

and earth’s precarious days.

but list!—though winter storms be nigh,

25

unchecked is that soft harmony:

there lives who can provide

for all his creatures; and in him,

even like the radiant seraphim,

these choristers confide.

30

upon the same occasion

departing summer hath assumed

an aspect tenderly illumed,

the gentlest look of spring:

that calls from yonder leafy shade

unfaded, yet prepared to fade,

5

a timely caroling.

no faint and hesitating trill,

such tribute as to winter chill

the lonely red-breast pays!

140 the poems of william wordsworth

clear, loud, and lively is the din,

10

from social warblers gathering in

their harvest of sweet lays.

nor doth the example fail to cheer

me conscious that my leaf is sear,

and yellow on the bough:—

15

fall, rosy garlands, from my head!

ye myrtle wreaths, your fragrance shed

around a younger brow!

yet will i temperately rejoice;

wide is the range, and free the choice

20

of undiscordant themes;

which, haply, kindred souls may prize

not less than vernal extacies,

and passion’s feverish dreams.

for deathless powers to verse belong,

25

and they like demi-gods are strong

on whom the muses smile;

but some their function have disclaimed,

best pleased with what is aptliest framed

to enervate and defile.

30

not such the initiatory strains

committed to the silent plains

in britain’s earliest dawn;

trembled the groves, the stars grew pale,

while all-too-daringly the veil

35

of nature was withdrawn!

nor, such the spirit-stirring note

when the live chords alcæus smote,

inflamed by sense of wrong;

woe! woe to tyrants! from the lyre

40

broke threateningly, in sparkles dire

of fierce vindictive song.

and not unhallow’d was the page

by winged love inscrib’d, to assuage

the pangs of vain pursuit;

45

shorter poems (1807–1820) 141

love listening while the lesbian maid

with passion’s finest finger swayed

her own æolian lute.

o ye who patiently explore

the wreck of herculanean lore,

50

what rapture could ye seize

some theban fragment, or unroll

one precious, tender-hearted scroll

of pure simonides!

that were, indeed, a genuine birth

55

of poesy; a bursting forth

of genius from the dust:

what horace boasted to behold,

what maro loved, shall we enfold?

can haughty time be just!

60

to ———

with a selection from the poems of anne, countess of winchelsea; and

extracts of similar character from other writers;

the whole transcribed by a female friend

lady! i rifled a parnassian cave

(but seldom trod) of mildly-gleaming ore;

and cull’d, from sundry beds, a lucid store

of genuine crystals, pure as those that pave

the azure brooks where dian joys to lave

5

her spotless limbs; and ventur’d to explore

dim shades—for reliques, upon lethe’s shore,

cast up at random by the sullen wave.

to female hands the treasures were resign’d;

and lo this work!—a grotto bright and clear

10

from stain or taint; in which thy blameless mind

may feed on thoughts though pensive not austere;

or if thy deeper spirit be inclin’d

to holy musing it may enter here.

on the death of his late majesty

ward of the law!—dread shadow of a king!

142 the poems of william wordsworth

whose realm had dwindled to one stately room;

whose universe was gloom immers’d in gloom,

darkness as thick as life o’er life could fling,

yet haply cheered with some faint glimmering

5

of faith and hope; if thou by nature’s doom

gently hast sunk into the quiet tomb,

why should we bend in grief, to sorrow cling,

when thankfulness were best?—fresh-flowing tears,

or, where tears flow not, sigh succeeding sigh,

10

yield to such after-thought the sole reply

which justly it can claim. the nation hears

in this deep knell—silent for threescore years,

an unexampled voice of awful memory!

oxford, may 30, 1820

ye sacred nurseries of blooming youth!

in whose collegiate shelter england’s flowers

expand—enjoying through their vernal hours

the air of liberty, the light of truth;

much have ye suffered from time’s gnawing tooth,

5

yet, o ye spires of oxford! domes and towers!

gardens and groves! your presence overpowers

the soberness of reason; ’till, in sooth,

transformed, and rushing on a bold exchange,

i slight my own beloved cam, to range

10

where silver isis leads my stripling feet;

pace the long avenue, or glide adown

the stream-like windings of that glorious street,

—an eager novice robed in fluttering gown!

oxford, may 30, 1820

shame on this faithless heart! that could allow

such transport—though but for a moment’s space:

not while—to aid the spirit of the place—

the crescent moon cleaves with its glittering prow

the clouds, or night-bird sings from shady bough;

5

but in plain day-light:—she, too, at my side,

who, with her heart’s experience satisfied,

maintains inviolate its slightest vow.

shorter poems (1807–1820) 143

sweet fancy! other gifts must i receive;

proofs of a higher sovereignty i claim;

10

take from her brow the withering flowers of eve,

and to that brow life’s morning wreath restore;

let her be comprehended in the frame

of these illusions, or they please no more.

june, 1820

fame tells of groves—from england far away—

groves that inspire the nightingale to trill

and modulate, with subtle reach of skill

elsewhere unmatched, her ever-varying lay;

such bold report i venture to gainsay:

5

for i have heard the choir of richmond hill

chaunting with indefatigable bill;

while i bethought me of a distant day;

when, haply under shade of that same wood,

and scarcely conscious of the dashing oars

10

plied steadily between those willowy shores,

the sweet-souled poet of the seasons stood—

listening, and listening long, in rapturous mood,

ye heavenly birds! to your progenitors.

  “wallachia is the country alluded to.” ww

144

the prelude (1824–1839)

book first

introduction, childhood, and school-time

o there is blessing in this gentle breeze,

a visitant that, while he fans my cheek,

doth seem half-conscious of the joy he brings

from the green fields, and from yon azure sky.

whate’er his mission, the soft breeze can come

5

to none more grateful than to me; escaped

from the vast city, where i long have pined

a discontented sojourner—now free,

free as a bird to settle where i will.

what dwelling shall receive me? in what vale

10

shall be my harbour? underneath what grove

shall i take up my home? and what clear stream

shall with its murmur lull me into rest?

the earth is all before me: with a heart

joyous, nor scared at its own liberty,

15

i look about; and should the chosen guide

be nothing better than a wandering cloud,

i cannot miss my way. i breathe again;

trances of thought and mountings of the heart

come fast upon me: it is shaken off,

20

that burthen of my own unnatural self,

the heavy weight of many a weary day

not mine, and such as were not made for me.

long months of peace (if such bold word accord

with any promises of human life),

25

long months of ease and undisturbed delight

are mine in prospect; whither shall i turn,

by road or pathway, or through trackless field,

up hill or down, or shall some floating thing

upon the river point me out my course?

30

dear liberty! yet what would it avail,

  during the years 824–839, ww prepared his fourteen-book version of  the prelude for publication after his death. for the source of the reading text and the editor’s commentary,

see  the fourteen-book “prelude,”  ed. w. j. b. owen (985).

the prelude (1824–1829) 145

but for a gift that consecrates the joy?

for i, methought, while the sweet breath of heaven

was blowing on my body, felt, within,

a correspondent breeze, that gently moved

35

with quickening virtue, but is now become

a tempest, a redundant energy,

vexing its own creation. thanks to both,

and their congenial powers that, while they join

in breaking up a long continued frost,

40

bring with them vernal promises, the hope

of active days urged on by flying hours;

days of sweet leisure taxed with patient thought

abstruse, nor wanting punctual service high,

matins and vespers, of harmonious verse!

45

thus far, o friend! did i, not used to make

a present joy the matter of a song,

pour forth, that day, my soul in measured strains,

that would not be forgotten, and are here

recorded:—to the open fields i told

50

a prophecy:—poetic numbers came

spontaneously, to clothe in priestly robe

a renovated spirit singled out,

such hope was mine, for holy services:

my own voice cheered me, and, far more, the mind’s

55

internal echo of the imperfect sound;

to both i listened, drawing from them both

a chearful confidence in things to come.

content, and not unwilling now to give

a respite to this passion, i paced on

60

with brisk and eager steps; and came at length

to a green shady place where down i sate

beneath a tree, slackening my thoughts by choice,

and settling into gentler happiness.

’twas autumn, and a clear and placid day,

65

with warmth, as much as needed, from a sun

two hours declined towards the west, a day

with silver clouds, and sunshine on the grass,

and, in the sheltered and the sheltering grove,

a perfect stillness. many were the thoughts

70

146 the poems of william wordsworth

encouraged and dismissed, till choice was made

of a known vale whither my feet should turn,

nor rest till they had reached the very door

of the one cottage which methought i saw.

no picture of mere memory ever looked

75

so fair; and while upon the fancied scene

i gazed with growing love, a higher power

than fancy gave assurance of some work

of glory, there forthwith to be begun,

perhaps too there performed. thus long i mused,

80

nor e’er lost sight of what i mused upon,

save where, amid the stately grove of oaks,

now here—now there—an acorn, from its cup

dislodged, through sere leaves rustled, or at once

to the bare earth dropped with a startling sound.

85

from that soft couch i rose not, till the sun

had almost touched the horizon; casting then

a backward glance upon the curling cloud

of city smoke, by distance ruralized,

keen as a truant or a fugitive,

90

but as a pilgrim resolute, i took,

even with the chance equipment of that hour,

the road that pointed tow’rd the chosen vale.

it was a splendid evening: and my soul

once more made trial of her strength, nor lacked

95

eolian visitations; but the harp

was soon defrauded, and the banded host

of harmony dispersed in straggling sounds;

and lastly utter silence! “be it so;

why think of any thing but present good?”

100

so, like a home-bound labourer, i pursued

my way, beneath the mellowing sun, that shed

mild influence; nor left in me one wish

again to bend the sabbath of that time

to a servile yoke. what need of many words?

105

a pleasant loitering journey, through three days

continued, brought me to my hermitage.

i spare to tell of what ensued, the life

in common things,—the endless store of things

the prelude (1824–1829) 147

rare, or at least so seeming, every day

110

found all about me in one neighbourhood;

the self-congratulation, and from morn

to night unbroken cheerfulness serene.

but speedily an earnest longing rose

to brace myself to some determined aim,

115

reading or thinking; either to lay up

new stores, or rescue from decay the old

by timely interference: and therewith

came hopes still higher, that with outward life

i might endue some airy phantasies

120

that had been floating loose about for years;

and to such beings temperately deal forth

the many feelings that oppressed my heart.

that hope hath been discouraged; welcome light

dawns from the east, but dawns—to disappear

125

and mock me with a sky that ripens not

into a steady morning: if my mind,

remembering the bold promise of the past,

would gladly grapple with some noble theme,

vain is her wish: where’er she turns, she finds

130

impediments from day to day renewed.

and now it would content me to yield up

those lofty hopes awhile for present gifts

of humbler industry. but, o dear friend!

the poet, gentle creature as he is,

135

hath, like the lover, his unruly times,

his fits when he is neither sick nor well,

though no distress be near him but his own

unmanageable thoughts: his mind, best pleas’d

while she, as duteous as the mother dove,

140

sits brooding, lives not always to that end,

but, like the innocent bird, hath goadings on

that drive her, as in trouble, through the groves:

with me is now such passion, to be blamed

no otherwise than as it lasts too long.

145

when, as becomes a man who would prepare

for such an arduous work, i through myself

make rigorous inquisition, the report

148 the poems of william wordsworth

is often chearing; for i neither seem

to lack that first great gift, the vital soul,

150

nor general truths, which are themselves a sort

of elements and agents, under-powers,

subordinate helpers of the living mind:

nor am i naked of external things,

forms, images, nor numerous other aids

155

of less regard, though won perhaps with toil,

and needful to build up a poet’s praise.

time, place, and manners do i seek, and these

are found in plenteous store, but no where such

as may be singled out with steady choice:

160

no little band of yet remembered names

whom i in perfect confidence might hope

to summon back from lonesome banishment,

and make them dwellers in the hearts of men

now living, or to live in future years.

165

sometimes the ambitious power of choice, mistaking

proud spring-tide swellings for a regular sea,

will settle on some british theme, some old

romantic tale by milton left unsung:

more often turning to some gentle place

170

within the groves of chivalry, i pipe

to shepherd swains, or seated, harp in hand,

amid reposing knights by a river side

or fountain, listen to the grave reports

of dire enchantments faced, and overcome

175

by the strong mind, and tales of warlike feats

where spear encountered spear, and sword with sword

fought, as if conscious of the blazonry

that the shield bore, so glorious was the strife;

whence inspiration for a song that winds

180

through ever changing scenes of votive quest,

wrongs to redress, harmonious tribute paid

to patient courage and unblemished truth,

to firm devotion, zeal unquenchable,

and christian meekness hallowing faithful loves.

185

sometimes, more sternly moved, i would relate

how vanquished mithridates northward passed,

the prelude (1824–1829) 149

and, hidden in the cloud of years, became

odin, the father of a race by whom

perished the roman empire; how the friends

190

and followers of sertorius, out of spain

flying, found shelter in the fortunate isles;

and left their usages, their arts, and laws

to disappear by a slow gradual death;

to dwindle and to perish, one by one,

195

starved in those narrow bounds: but not the soul

of liberty, which fifteen hundred years

survived, and, when the european came

with skill and power that might not be withstood,

did, like a pestilence, maintain its hold,

200

and wasted down by glorious death that race

of natural heroes;—or i would record

how, in tyrannic times, some high-souled man,

unnamed among the chronicles of kings,

suffered in silence for truth’s sake: or tell

205

how that one frenchman, through continued force

of meditation on the inhuman deeds

of those who conquered first the indian isles,

went, single in his ministry, across

the ocean;—not to comfort the oppressed,

210

but, like a thirsty wind, to roam about,

withering the oppressor:—how gustavus sought

help at his need in dalecarlia’s mines:

how wallace fought for scotland, left the name

of wallace to be found, like a wild flower,

215

all over his dear country, left the deeds

of wallace, like a family of ghosts,

to people the steep rocks and river banks,

her natural sanctuaries, with a local soul

of independence and stern liberty.

220

sometimes it suits me better to invent

a tale from my own heart, more near akin

to my own passions, and habitual thoughts,

some variegated story, in the main

lofty, but the unsubstantial structure melts

225

before the very sun that brightens it,

150 the poems of william wordsworth

mist into air dissolving! then, a wish,

my last and favourite aspiration, mounts,

with yearning, tow’rds some philosophic song

of truth that cherishes our daily life;

230

with meditations passionate, from deep

recesses in man’s heart, immortal verse

thoughtfully fitted to the orphean lyre;

but from this awful burthen i full soon

take refuge, and beguile myself with trust

235

that mellower years will bring a riper mind

and clearer insight. thus my days are passed

in contradiction; with no skill to part

vague longing, haply bred by want of power,

from paramount impulse—not to be withstood;

240

a timorous capacity from prudence;

from circumspection, infinite delay.

humility and modest awe themselves

betray me, serving often for a cloke

to a more subtile selfishness; that now

245

locks every function up in blank reserve,

now dupes me, trusting to an anxious eye

that with intrusive restlessness beats off

simplicity, and self-presented truth.

ah! better far than this, to stray about

250

voluptuously, through fields and rural walks,

and ask no record of the hours, resigned

to vacant musing, unreproved neglect

of all things, and deliberate holiday:

far better never to have heard the name

255

of zeal and just ambition, than to live

baffled and plagued by a mind that every hour

turns recreant to her task, takes heart again,

then feels immediately some hollow thought

hang like an interdict upon her hopes.

260

this is my lot; for either still i find

some imperfection in the chosen theme;

or see of absolute accomplishment

much wanting, so much wanting, in myself

that i recoil and droop, and seek repose

265

the prelude (1824–1829) 151

in listlessness from vain perplexity;

unprofitably travelling toward the grave,

like a false steward who hath much received,

and renders nothing back.

was it for this

that one, the fairest of all rivers, loved

270

to blend his murmurs with my nurse’s song;

and, from his alder shades and rocky falls,

and from his fords and shallows, sent a voice

that flowed along my dreams? for this didst thou,

o derwent! winding among grassy holms

275

where i was looking on, a babe in arms,

make ceaseless music, that composed my thoughts

to more than infant softness, giving me,

amid the fretful dwellings of mankind,

a foretaste, a dim earnest, of the calm

280

that nature breathes among the hills and groves?

when he had left the mountains, and received

on his smooth breast the shadow of those towers

that yet survive, a shattered monument

of feudal sway, the bright blue river passed

285

along the margin of our terrace walk;

a tempting playmate whom we dearly loved.

o many a time have i, a five years’ child,

in a small mill-race severed from his stream,

made one long bathing of a summer’s day;

290

basked in the sun, and plunged, and basked again,

alternate all a summer’s day, or scoured

the sandy fields, leaping through flow’ry groves

of yellow ragwort; or when rock and hill,

the woods and distant skiddaw’s lofty height,

295

were bronzed with deepest radiance, stood alone

beneath the sky, as if i had been born

on indian plains, and from my mother’s hut

had run abroad in wantonness, to sport,

a naked savage, in the thunder shower.

300

fair seed-time had my soul, and i grew up

fostered alike by beauty and by fear;

much favoured in my birth-place, and no less’

152 the poems of william wordsworth

in that beloved vale to which erelong

we were transplanted—there were we let loose

305

for sports of wider range. ere i had told

ten birth-days, when among the mountain slopes

frost, and the breath of frosty wind, had snapped

the last autumnal crocus, ’twas my joy,

with store of springes o’er my shoulder slung,

310

to range the open heights where woodcocks ran

along the smooth green turf. through half the night,

scudding away from snare to snare, i plied

that anxious visitation;—moon and stars

were shining o’er my head; i was alone,

315

and seemed to be a trouble to the peace

that dwelt among them. sometimes it befel,

in these night-wanderings, that a strong desire

o’erpowered my better reason, and the bird

which was the captive of another’s toil

320

became my prey; and when the deed was done

i heard, among the solitary hills,

low breathings coming after me, and sounds

of undistinguishable motion, steps

almost as silent as the turf they trod.

325

nor less, when spring had warmed the cultured vale,

roved we as plunderers where the mother-bird

had in high places built her lodge; though mean

our object, and inglorious, yet the end

was not ignoble. oh! when i have hung

330

above the raven’s nest, by knots of grass

and half-inch fissures in the slippery rock

but ill-sustained; and almost (so it seemed)

suspended by the blast that blew amain,

shouldering the naked crag; oh, at that time,

335

while on the perilous ridge i hung alone,

with what strange utterance did the loud dry wind

blow through my ears! the sky seemed not a sky

of earth, and with what motion moved the clouds!

dust as we are, the immortal spirit grows

340

like harmony in music; there is a dark

inscrutable workmanship that reconciles

the prelude (1824–1829) 153

discordant elements, makes them cling together

in one society. how strange that all

the terrors, pains, and early miseries,

345

regrets, vexations, lassitudes, interfused

within my mind, should e’er have borne a part,

and that a needful part, in making up

the calm existence that is mine when i

am worthy of myself! praise to the end!

350

thanks to the means which nature deigned to employ!

whether her fearless visitings or those

that came with soft alarm like hurtless lightning

opening the peaceful clouds, or she would use

severer interventions, ministry

355

more palpable, as best might suit her aim.

one summer evening (led by her) i found

a little boat tied to a willow-tree

within a rocky cave, its usual home.

strait i unloosed her chain, and, stepping in,

360

pushed from the shore. it was an act of stealth

and troubled pleasure, nor without the voice

of mountain-echoes did my boat move on,

leaving behind her still, on either side,

small circles glittering idly in the moon,

365

until they melted all into one track

of sparkling light. but now, like one who rows

(proud of his skill) to reach a chosen point

with an unswerving line, i fixed my view

upon the summit of a craggy ridge,

370

the horizon’s utmost boundary; for above

was nothing but the stars and the grey sky.

she was an elfin pinnace; lustily

i dipped my oars into the silent lake;

and, as i rose upon the stroke, my boat

375

went heaving through the water like a swan:

when, from behind that craggy steep, till then

the horizon’s bound, a huge peak, black and huge,

as if with voluntary power instinct,

upreared its head.—i struck, and struck again,

380

and, growing still in stature, the grim shape

154 the poems of william wordsworth

towered up between me and the stars, and still,

for so it seemed, with purpose of its own

and measured motion, like a living thing

strode after me. with trembling oars i turned,

385

and through the silent water stole my way

back to the covert of the willow-tree;

there, in her mooring-place, i left my bark,—

and through the meadows homeward went, in grave

and serious mood; but after i had seen

390

that spectacle, for many days, my brain

worked with a dim and undetermined sense

of unknown modes of being; o’er my thoughts

there hung a darkness, call it solitude

or blank desertion. no familiar shapes

395

remained, no pleasant images of trees,

of sea or sky, no colours of green fields,

but huge and mighty forms, that do not live

like living men, moved slowly through the mind

by day, and were a trouble to my dreams.

400

wisdom and spirit of the universe!

thou soul that art the eternity of thought,

that giv’st to forms and images a breath

and everlasting motion! not in vain,

by day or star-light, thus from my first dawn

405

of childhood didst thou intertwine for me

the passions that build up our human soul,

not with the mean and vulgar works of man,

but with high objects, with enduring things,

with life and nature, purifying thus

410

the elements of feeling and of thought,

and sanctifying, by such discipline,

both pain and fear; until we recognize

a grandeur in the beatings of the heart.

nor was this fellowship vouchsafed to me

415

with stinted kindness. in november days

when vapours, rolling down the valley, made

a lonely scene more lonesome; among woods

at noon, and ’mid the calm of summer nights,

when, by the margin of the trembling lake,

420

the prelude (1824–1829) 155

beneath the gloomy hills homeward i went

in solitude, such intercourse was mine:

mine was it, in the fields both day and night,

and by the waters, all the summer long.

—and in the frosty season, when the sun

425

was set, and visible for many a mile,

the cottage windows blazed through twilight gloom,

i heeded not their summons;—happy time

it was indeed for all of us; for me

it was a time of rapture!—clear and loud

430

the village clock toll’d six—i wheeled about,

proud and exulting like an untired horse

that cares not for his home.—all shod with steel,

we hissed along the polished ice, in games

confederate, imitative of the chase

435

and woodland pleasures,—the resounding horn,

the pack loud-chiming and the hunted hare.

so through the darkness and the cold we flew,

and not a voice was idle: with the din

smitten, the precipices rang aloud;

440

the leafless trees and every icy crag

tinkled like iron; while far distant hills

into the tumult sent an alien sound

of melancholy, not unnoticed while the stars,

eastward, were sparkling clear, and in the west

445

the orange sky of evening died away.

not seldom from the uproar i retired

into a silent bay,—or sportively

glanced sideway, leaving the tumultuous throng

to cut across the reflex of a star

450

that fled, and, flying still before me, gleamed

upon the glassy plain: and oftentimes,

when we had given our bodies to the wind,

and all the shadowy banks on either side

came sweeping through the darkness, spinning still

455

the rapid line of motion, then at once

have i, reclining back upon my heels,

stopped short; yet still the solitary cliffs

wheeled by me—even as if the earth had rolled

156 the poems of william wordsworth

with visible motion her diurnal round!

460

behind me did they stretch in solemn train,

feebler and feebler, and i stood and watched

till all was tranquil as a dreamless sleep.

ye presences of nature, in the sky,

and on the earth! ye visions of the hills!

465

and souls of lonely places! can i think

a vulgar hope was yours when ye employed

such ministry, when ye, through many a year,

haunting me thus among my boyish sports,

on caves and trees, upon the woods and hills,

470

impressed upon all forms the characters

of danger or desire; and thus did make

the surface of the universal earth

with triumph and delight, with hope and fear,

work like a sea?

not uselessly employed,

475

might i pursue this theme through every change

of exercise and play, to which the year

did summon us in his delightful round.

—we were a noisy crew; the sun in heaven

beheld not vales more beautiful than ours,

480

nor saw a band in happiness and joy

richer, or worthier of the ground they trod.

i could record with no reluctant voice

the woods of autumn, and their hazel bowers

with milk-white clusters hung; the rod and line,

485

true symbol of hope’s foolishness, whose strong

and unreproved enchantment led us on,

by rocks and pools shut out from every star

all the green summer, to forlorn cascades

among the windings hid of mountain brooks.

490

—unfading recollections! at this hour

the heart is almost mine with which i felt,

from some hill-top on sunny afternoons,

the paper-kite, high among fleecy clouds,

pull at her rein, like an impatient courser;

495

or, from the meadows sent on gusty days,

beheld her breast the wind, then suddenly

the prelude (1824–1829) 157

dashed headlong, and rejected by the storm.

ye lowly cottages in which we dwelt,

a ministration of your own was yours!

500

can i forget you, being as ye were

so beautiful among the pleasant fields

in which ye stood? or can i here forget

the plain and seemly countenance with which

ye dealt out your plain comforts? yet had ye

505

delights and exultations of your own.

eager and never weary, we pursued

our home-amusements by the warm peat-fire

at evening, when with pencil, and smooth slate

in square divisions parcelled out, and all

510

with crosses and with cyphers scribbled o’er,

we schemed and puzzled, head opposed to head,

in strife too humble to be named in verse;

or round the naked table, snow-white deal,

cherry, or maple, sate in close array,

515

and to the combat, lu or whist, led on

a thick-ribbed army, not as in the world

neglected and ungratefully thrown by

even for the very service they had wrought,

but husbanded through many a long campaign.

520

uncouth assemblage was it, where no few

had changed their functions; some, plebeian cards

which fate, beyond the promise of their birth,

had dignified, and called to represent

the persons of departed pontentates.

525

oh, with what echoes on the board they fell!

ironic diamonds; clubs, hearts, diamonds, spades,

a congregation piteously akin!

cheap matter offered they to boyish wit,

those sooty knaves, precipitated down

530

with scoffs and taunts like vulcan out of heaven;

the paramount ace, a moon in her eclipse,

queens gleaming through their splendor’s last decay,

and monarchs surly at the wrongs sustained

by royal visages. meanwhile abroad

535

incessant rain was falling, or the frost

158 the poems of william wordsworth

raged bitterly, with keen and silent tooth;

and, interrupting oft that eager game,

from under esthwaite’s splitting fields of ice

the pent-up air, struggling to free itself,

540

gave out to meadow-grounds and hills, a loud

protracted yelling, like the noise of wolves

howling in troops along the bothnic main.

nor, sedulous as i have been to trace

how nature by extrinsic passion first

545

peopled the mind with forms sublime or fair

and made me love them, may i here omit

how other pleasures have been mine, and joys

of subtler origin; how i have felt,

not seldom even in that tempestuous time,

550

those hallowed and pure motions of the sense

which seem, in their simplicity, to own

an intellectual charm;—that calm delight

which, if i err not, surely must belong

to those first-born affinities that fit

555

our new existence to existing things,

and, in our dawn of being, constitute

the bond of union between life and joy.

yes, i remember when the changeful earth

and twice five summers on my mind had stamped

560

the faces of the moving year, even then

i held unconscious intercourse with beauty

old as creation, drinking in a pure

organic pleasure from the silver wreaths

of curling mist, or from the level plain

565

of waters, colored by impending clouds.

the sands of westmorland, the creeks and bays

of cumbria’s rocky limits, they can tell

how, when the sea threw off his evening shade,

and to the shepherd’s hut on distant hills

570

sent welcome notice of the rising moon,

how i have stood, to fancies such as these

a stranger, linking with the spectacle

no conscious memory of a kindred sight,

and bringing with me no peculiar sense

575

the prelude (1824–1829) 159

of quietness or peace, yet have i stood,

even while mine eye hath moved o’er many a league

of shining water, gathering, as it seemed,

through every hair-breadth in that field of light,

new pleasure, like a bee among the flowers.

580

thus oft amid those fits of vulgar joy

which, through all seasons, on a child’s pursuits

are prompt attendants; ’mid that giddy bliss

which like a tempest works along the blood

and is forgotten: even then i felt

585

gleams like the flashing of a shield,—the earth

and common face of nature spake to me

rememberable things; sometimes, ’tis true,

by chance collisions and quaint accidents

(like those ill-sorted unions, work supposed

590

of evil-minded fairies), yet not vain

nor profitless, if haply they impressed

collateral objects and appearances,

albeit lifeless then, and doomed to sleep

until maturer seasons called them forth

595

to impregnate and to elevate the mind.

—and, if the vulgar joy by its own weight

wearied itself out of the memory,

the scenes which were a witness of that joy

remained, in their substantial lineaments

600

depicted on the brain, and to the eye

were visible, a daily sight: and thus

by the impressive discipline of fear,

by pleasure and repeated happiness,

so frequently repeated, and by force

605

of obscure feelings representative

of things forgotten; these same scenes so bright,

so beautiful, so majestic in themselves,

though yet the day was distant, did become

habitually dear; and all their forms

610

and changeful colours by invisible links

were fastened to the affections.

i began

my story early, not misled, i trust,

160 the poems of william wordsworth

by an infirmity of love for days

disowned by memory, fancying flowers where none,

615

not even the sweetest, do or can survive

for him at least whose dawning day they cheered;

nor will it seem to thee, o friend! so prompt

in sympathy, that i have lengthened out,

with fond and feeble tongue, a tedious tale.

620

meanwhile, my hope has been, that i might fetch

invigorating thoughts from former years;

might fix the wavering balance of my mind,

and haply meet reproaches too, whose power

may spur me on, in manhood now mature,

625

to honorable toil. yet should these hopes

prove vain, and thus should neither i be taught

to understand myself, nor thou to know

with better knowledge how the heart was framed

of him thou lovest, need i dread from thee

630

harsh judgments, if the song be loth to quit

those recollected hours that have the charm

of visionary things, those lovely forms

and sweet sensations that throw back our life,

and almost make remotest infancy

635

a visible scene, on which the sun is shining?

one end at least hath been attained—my mind

hath been revived; and, if this genial mood

desert me not, forthwith shall be brought down

through later years the story of my life:

640

the road lies plain before me,—’tis a theme

single, and of determined bounds; and hence

i chuse it rather, at this time, than work

of ampler or more varied argument,

where i might be discomfited and lost;

645

and certain hopes are with me that to thee

this labour will be welcome, honoured friend!

book second

school-time continued

thus far, o friend! have we, though leaving much

unvisited, endeavoured to retrace

the prelude (1824–1829) 161

the simple ways in which my childhood walked,

those chiefly, that first led me to the love

of rivers, woods, and fields. the passion yet

5

was in its birth, sustained, as might befal,

by nourishment that came unsought; for still,

from week to week, from month to month, we lived

a round of tumult. duly were our games

prolonged in summer till the day-light failed;

10

no chair remained before the doors, the bench

and threshold steps were empty; fast asleep

the labourer, and the old man who had sate,

a later lingerer, yet the revelry

continued, and the loud uproar; at last,

15

when all the ground was dark, and twinkling stars

edged the black clouds, home and to bed we went,

feverish, with weary joints and beating minds.

ah! is there one who ever has been young

nor needs a warning voice to tame the pride

20

of intellect, and virtue’s self-esteem?

one is there, though the wisest and the best

of all mankind, who covets not at times

union that cannot be; who would not give,

if so he might, to duty and to truth

25

the eagerness of infantine desire?

a tranquillizing spirit presses now

on my corporeal frame, so wide appears

the vacancy between me and those days,

which yet have such self-presence in my mind,

30

that, musing on them, often do i seem

two consciousnesses, conscious of myself

and of some other being. a rude mass

of native rock, left midway in the square

of our small market village, was the goal

35

or centre of these sports; and, when, returned

after long absence, thither i repaired,

gone was the old grey stone, and in its place

a smart assembly-room usurped the ground

that had been ours. there let the fiddle scream,

40

and be ye happy! yet, my friends, i know

162 the poems of william wordsworth

that more than one of you will think with me

of those soft starry nights, and that old dame

from whom the stone was named, who there had sate

and watched her table with its huckster’s wares

45

assiduous, through the length of sixty years.

—we ran a boisterous course, the year span round

with giddy motion. but the time approached

that brought with it a regular desire

for calmer pleasures, when the winning forms

50

of nature were collaterally attached

to every scheme of holiday delight,

and every boyish sport, less grateful else

and languidly pursued.

when summer came,

our pastime was, on bright half-holidays,

55

to sweep along the plain of windermere

with rival oars; and the selected bourne

was now an island musical with birds

that sang and ceased not; now a sister isle,

beneath the oaks’ umbrageous covert, sown

60

with lilies of the valley like a field;

and now a third small island, where survived,

in solitude, the ruins of a shrine

once to our lady dedicate, and served

daily with chaunted rites. in such a race,

65

so ended, disappointment could be none,

uneasiness, or pain, or jealousy;

we rested in the shade, all pleased alike,

conquered and conqueror. thus the pride of strength,

and the vain-glory of superior skill,

70

were tempered, thus was gradually produced

a quiet independence of the heart:

and, to my friend who knows me, i may add,

fearless of blame, that hence, for future days,

ensued a diffidence and modesty;

75

and i was taught to feel, perhaps too much,

the self-sufficing power of solitude.

our daily meals were frugal, sabine fare!

more than we wished we knew the blessing then

the prelude (1824–1829) 163

of vigorous hunger—hence corporeal strength

80

unsapped by delicate viands; for, exclude

a little weekly stipend, and we lived

through three divisions of the quartered year

in pennyless poverty. but now, to school

from the half-yearly holidays returned,

85

we came with weightier purses, that sufficed

to furnish treats more costly than the dame

of the old grey stone, from her scanty board, supplied.

hence rustic dinners on the cool green ground,

or in the woods, or by a river side,

90

or shady fountains, while among the leaves

soft airs were stirring, and the mid-day sun

unfelt shone brightly round us in our joy.

nor is my aim neglected if i tell

how sometimes, in the length of those half years,

95

we from our funds drew largely—proud to curb,

and eager to spur on, the gallopping steed:

and with the cautious inn-keeper, whose stud

supplied our want, we haply might employ

sly subterfuges, if the adventure’s bound

100

were distant, some famed temple where of yore

the druids worshipped, or the antique walls

of that large abbey which within the vale

of nightshade, to st mary’s honour built,

stands yet, a mouldering pile, with fractured arch,

105

belfry, and images, and living trees;

a holy scene!—along the smooth green turf

our horses grazed:—to more than inland peace

left by the west wind sweeping overhead

from a tumultuous ocean, trees and towers

110

in that sequestered valley may be seen

both silent and both motionless alike;

such the deep shelter that is there, and such

the safeguard for repose and quietness.

our steeds remounted, and the summons given,

115

with whip and spur we through the chauntry flew

in uncouth race, and left the cross-legged knight

and the stone-abbot, and that single wren

164 the poems of william wordsworth

which one day sang so sweetly in the nave

of the old church, that, though from recent showers

120

the earth was comfortless, and, touched by faint

internal breezes, sobbings of the place

and respirations, from the roofless walls

the shuddering ivy dripped large drops, yet still

so sweetly ’mid the gloom the invisible bird

125

sang to herself, that there i could have made

my dwelling-place, and lived for ever there

to hear such music. through the walls we flew,

and down the valley, and, a circuit made

in wantonness of heart, through rough and smooth

130

we scampered homewards. oh, ye rocks and streams,

and that still spirit shed from evening air!

even in this joyous time i sometimes felt

your presence, when with slackened step we breathed

along the sides of the steep hills, or when,

135

lighted by gleams of moonlight from the sea,

we beat with thundering hoofs the level sand.

midway on long winander’s eastern shore,

within the crescent of a pleasant bay,

a tavern stood, no homely-featured house,

140

primeval like its neighbouring cottages;

but ’twas a splendid place, the door beset

with chaises, grooms, and liveries,—and within

decanters, glasses, and the blood-red wine.

in ancient times, or ere the hall was built

145

on the large island, had this dwelling been

more worthy of a poet’s love, a hut

proud of its one bright fire and sycamore shade.

but, though the rhymes were gone that once inscribed

the threshold, and large golden characters

150

spread o’er the spangled sign-board had dislodged

the old lion, and usurped his place in slight

and mockery of the rustic painter’s hand,

yet to this hour the spot to me is dear

with all its foolish pomp. the garden lay

155

upon a slope surmounted by the plain

of a small bowling-green: beneath us stood

the prelude (1824–1829) 165

a grove, with gleams of water through the trees

and over the tree-tops; nor did we want

refreshment, strawberries, and mellow cream.

160

there, while through half an afternoon we played

on the smooth platform, whether skill prevailed

or happy blunder triumphed, bursts of glee

made all the mountains ring. but ere night-fall,

when in our pinnace we returned, at leisure

165

over the shadowy lake, and to the beach

of some small island steered our course with one,

the minstrel of our troop, and left him there,

and rowed off gently, while he blew his flute

alone upon the rock,—oh then the calm

170

and dead still water lay upon my mind

even with a weight of pleasure, and the sky,

never before so beautiful, sank down

into my heart, and held me like a dream!

thus were my sympathies enlarged, and thus

175

daily the common range of visible things

grew dear to me: already i began

to love the sun; a boy i loved the sun,

not as i since have loved him, as a pledge

and surety of our earthly life, a light

180

which we behold, and feel we are alive;

nor for his bounty to so many worlds,

but for this cause, that i had seen him lay

his beauty on the morning hills, had seen

the western mountain touch his setting orb,

185

in many a thoughtless hour, when, from excess

of happiness, my blood appear’d to flow

for its own pleasure, and i breathed with joy;

and from like feelings, humble though intense,

to patriotic and domestic love

190

analogous, the moon to me was dear;

for i would dream away my purposes,

standing to gaze upon her while she hung

midway between the hills, as if she knew

no other region; but belonged to thee,

195

yea, appertained by a peculiar right

166 the poems of william wordsworth

to thee, and thy grey huts, thou one dear vale!

those incidental charms which first attached

my heart to rural objects, day by day

grew weaker, and i hasten on to tell

200

how nature, intervenient till this time

and secondary, now at length was sought

for her own sake. but who shall parcel out

his intellect, by geometric rules,

split like a province into round and square?

205

who knows the individual hour in which

his habits were first sown, even as a seed?

who that shall point, as with a wand, and say,

“this portion of the river of my mind

came from yon fountain”? thou, my friend! art one

210

more deeply read in thy own thoughts; to thee

science appears but what in truth she is,

not as our glory and our absolute boast,

but as a succedaneum, and a prop

to our infirmity. no officious slave

215

art thou of that false secondary power

by which we multiply distinctions, then

deem that our puny boundaries are things

that we perceive, and not that we have made.

to thee, unblinded by these formal arts,

220

the unity of all hath been revealed;

and thou wilt doubt with me, less aptly skilled

than many are to range the faculties

in scale and order, class the cabinet

of their sensations, and in voluble phrase

225

run through the history and birth of each

as of a single independent thing.

hard task, vain hope, to analyse the mind,

if each most obvious and particular thought,

not in a mystical and idle sense,

230

but in the words of reason deeply weighed,

hath no beginning.

blest the infant babe,

(for with my best conjecture i would trace

our being’s earthly progress) blest the babe,

the prelude (1824–1829) 167

nursed in his mother’s arms, who sinks to sleep

235

rocked on his mother’s breast; who, when his soul

claims manifest kindred with a human soul,

drinks in the feelings of his mother’s eye!

for him, in one dear presence, there exists

a virtue which irradiates and exalts

240

objects through widest intercourse of sense.

no outcast he, bewildered and depressed;

along his infant veins are interfused

the gravitation and the filial bond

of nature that connect him with the world.

245

is there a flower to which he points with hand

too weak to gather it, already love

drawn from love’s purest earthly fount for him

hath beautified that flower; already shades

of pity cast from inward tenderness

250

do fall around him upon aught that bears

unsightly marks of violence or harm.

emphatically such a being lives,

frail creature as he is, helpless as frail,

an inmate of this active universe.

255

for feeling has to him imparted power

that through the growing faculties of sense

doth, like an agent of the one great mind,

create, creator and receiver both,

working but in alliance with the works

260

which it beholds.—such, verily, is the first

poetic spirit of our human life,

by uniform control of after years

in most abated or suppressed, in some,

through every change of growth and of decay,

265

preeminent till death.

from early days,

beginning not long after that first time

in which, a babe, by intercourse of touch,

i held mute dialogues with my mother’s heart,

i have endeavoured to display the means

270

whereby this infant sensibility,

great birth-right of our being, was in me

168 the poems of william wordsworth

augmented and sustained. yet is a path

more difficult before me, and i fear

that, in its broken windings, we shall need

275

the chamois’ sinews, and the eagle’s wing:

for now a trouble came into my mind

from unknown causes. i was left alone,

seeking the visible world, nor knowing why.

the props of my affections were removed,

280

and yet the building stood, as if sustained

by its own spirit! all that i beheld

was dear, and hence to finer influxes

the mind lay open, to a more exact

and close communion. many are our joys

285

in youth, but oh! what happiness to live

when every hour brings palpable access

of knowledge, when all knowledge is delight,

and sorrow is not there! the seasons came,

and every season, wheresoe’er i moved,

290

unfolded transitory qualities

which, but for this most watchful power of love,

had been neglected, left a register

of permanent relations, else unknown.

hence life, and change, and beauty; solitude

295

more active even than “best society,”

society made sweet as solitude

by inward concords, silent, inobtrusive;

and gentle agitations of the mind

from manifold distinctions, difference

300

perceived in things where, to the unwatchful eye,

no difference is, and hence, from the same source,

sublimer joy: for i would walk alone

under the quiet stars, and at that time

have felt whate’er there is of power in sound

305

to breathe an elevated mood, by form

or image unprofaned: and i would stand,

if the night blackened with a coming storm,

beneath some rock, listening to notes that are

the ghostly language of the ancient earth,

310

or make their dim abode in distant winds.

the prelude (1824–1829) 169

thence did i drink the visionary power;

and deem not profitless those fleeting moods

of shadowy exultation: not for this,

that they are kindred to our purer mind

315

and intellectual life; but that the soul,

remembering how she felt, but what she felt

remembering not, retains an obscure sense

of possible sublimity, whereto

with growing faculties she doth aspire,

320

with faculties still growing, feeling still

that, whatsoever point they gain, they yet

have something to pursue.

and not alone

’mid gloom and tumult, but no less ’mid fair

and tranquil scenes, that universal power

325

and fitness in the latent qualities

and essences of things, by which the mind

is moved with feelings of delight, to me

came strengthened with a superadded soul,

a virtue not its own.—my morning walks

330

were early;—oft before the hours of school

i travelled round our little lake, five miles

of pleasant wandering; happy time! more dear

for this, that one was by my side, a friend

then passionately loved; with heart how full

335

would he peruse these lines! for many years

have since flowed in between us, and, our minds

both silent to each other, at this time

we live as if those hours had never been.

nor seldom did i lift our cottage latch

340

far earlier, and ere one smoke-wreath had risen

from human dwelling, or the thrush, high perched,

piped to the woods his shrill reveille, sate

alone upon some jutting eminence

at the first gleam of dawn-light, when the vale,

345

yet slumbering, lay in utter solitude.

how shall i seek the origin, where find

faith in the marvellous things which then i felt?

oft in those moments such a holy calm

170 the poems of william wordsworth

would overspread my soul, that bodily eyes

350

were utterly forgotten, and what i saw

appeared like something in myself, a dream,

a prospect in the mind.

’twere long to tell

what spring and autumn, what the winter snows,

and what the summer shade, what day and night,

355

evening and morning, sleep and waking thought,

from sources inexhaustible, poured forth

to feed the spirit of religious love,

in which i walked with nature. but let this

be not forgotten, that i still retained

360

my first creative sensibility,

that by the regular action of the world

my soul was unsubdued. a plastic power

abode with me, a forming hand, at times

rebellious, acting in a devious mood,

365

a local spirit of his own, at war

with general tendency, but, for the most,

subservient strictly to external things

with which it communed. an auxiliar light

came from my mind which on the setting sun

370

bestowed new splendor; the melodious birds,

the fluttering breezes, fountains that ran on

murmuring so sweetly in themselves, obeyed

a like dominion; and the midnight storm

grew darker in the presence of my eye;

375

hence my obeisance, my devotion hence,

and hence my transport.

nor should this, perchance,

pass unrecorded, that i still had loved

the exercise and produce of a toil

than analytic industry to me

380

more pleasing, and whose character i deem

is more poetic, as resembling more

creative agency. the song would speak

of that interminable building reared

by observation of affinities

385

in objects where no brotherhood exists

the prelude (1824–1829) 171

to passive minds. my seventeenth year was come;

and, whether from this habit rooted now

so deeply in my mind, or from excess

of the great social principle of life

390

coercing all things into sympathy,

to unorganic natures were transferred

my own enjoyments; or the power of truth,

coming in revelation, did converse

with things that really are; i, at this time,

395

saw blessings spread around me like a sea.

thus while the days flew by and years passed on,

from nature overflowing on my soul

i had received so much, that every thought

was steeped in feeling; i was only then

400

contented when with bliss ineffable

i felt the sentiment of being spread

o’er all that moves, and all that seemeth still;

o’er all that, lost beyond the reach of thought

and human knowledge, to the human eye

405

invisible, yet liveth to the heart;

o’er all that leaps, and runs, and shouts, and sings,

or beats the gladsome air; o’er all that glides

beneath the wave, yea, in the wave itself,

and mighty depth of waters. wonder not

410

if high the transport, great the joy i felt,

communing in this sort through earth and heaven

with every form of creature, as it looked

towards the uncreated with a countenance

of adoration, with an eye of love.

415

one song they sang, and it was audible,

most audible, then, when the fleshly ear,

o’ercome by humblest prelude of that strain,

forgot her functions and slept undisturbed.

if this be error, and another faith

420

find easier access to the pious mind,

yet were i grossly destitute of all

those human sentiments that make this earth

so dear, if i should fail with grateful voice

to speak of you, ye mountains, and ye lakes,

425

172 the poems of william wordsworth

and sounding cataracts, ye mists and winds

that dwell among the hills where i was born.

if in my youth i have been pure in heart,

if, mingling with the world, i am content

with my own modest pleasures, and have lived,

430

with god and nature communing, removed

from little enmities and low desires,

the gift is yours: if in these times of fear,

this melancholy waste of hopes o’erthrown,

if, ’mid indifference and apathy

435

and wicked exultation, when good men,

on every side, fall off, we know not how,

to selfishness, disguised in gentle names

of peace and quiet and domestic love,

yet mingled, not unwillingly, with sneers

440

on visionary minds; if, in this time

of dereliction and dismay, i yet

despair not of our nature, but retain

a more than roman confidence, a faith

that fails not, in all sorrow my support,

445

the blessing of my life, the gift is yours,

ye winds and sounding cataracts, ’tis yours,

ye mountains! thine, o nature! thou hast fed

my lofty speculations; and in thee,

for this uneasy heart of ours, i find

450

a never-failing principle of joy

and purest passion.

thou, my friend! wert reared

in the great city, ’mid far other scenes;

but we, by different roads, at length have gained

the self-same bourne. and for this cause to thee

455

i speak, unapprehensive of contempt,

the insinuated scoff of coward tongues,

and all that silent language which so oft,

in conversation between man and man,

blots from the human countenance all trace

460

of beauty and of love. for thou hast sought

the truth in solitude, and, since the days

that gave thee liberty, full long desired,

the prelude (1824–1829) 173

to serve in nature’s temple, thou hast been

the most assiduous of her ministers,

465

in many things my brother, chiefly here

in this our deep devotion.

fare thee well!

health, and the quiet of a healthful mind,

attend thee! seeking oft the haunts of men,

and yet more often living with thyself

470

and for thyself, so haply shall thy days

be many, and a blessing to mankind.

book third

residence at cambridge

it was a dreary morning when the wheels

rolled over a wide plain o’erhung with clouds,

and nothing cheered our way till first we saw

the long-roof’d chapel of king’s college lift

turrets, and pinnacles in answering files

5

extended high above a dusky grove.

advancing, we espied upon the road

a student, clothed in gown and tasselled cap,

striding along, as if o’ertasked by time

or covetous of exercise and air.

10

he passed—nor was i master of my eyes

till he was left an arrow’s flight behind.

as near and nearer to the spot we drew,

it seemed to suck us in with an eddy’s force;

onward we drove beneath the castle, caught,

15

while crossing magdalene bridge, a glimpse of cam,

and at the hoop alighted, famous inn!

my spirit was up, my thoughts were full of hope;

some friends i had, acquaintances who there

seemed friends, poor simple school-boys! now hung round

20

with honor and importance: in a world

of welcome faces up and down i roved;

questions, directions, warnings, and advice

flowed in upon me, from all sides; fresh day

of pride and pleasure! to myself i seemed

25

a man of business and expence, and went

174 the poems of william wordsworth

from shop to shop, about my own affairs,

to tutor or to tailor, as befel,

from street to street, with loose and careless mind.

i was the dreamer, they the dream: i roamed

30

delighted through the motley spectacle;

gowns grave or gaudy, doctors, students, streets,

courts, cloisters, flocks of churches, gateways, towers.

migration strange for a stripling of the hills,

a northern villager! as if the change

35

had waited on some fairy’s wand, at once

behold me rich in monies; and attired

in splendid garb, with hose of silk, and hair

powdered like rimy trees, when frost is keen.

my lordly dressing-gown, i pass it by,

40

with other signs of manhood that supplied

the lack of beard.— the weeks went roundly on

with invitations, suppers, wine and fruit,

smooth housekeeping within, and all without

liberal, and suiting gentleman’s array!

45

the evangelist st. john my patron was;

three gothic courts are his, and in the first

was my abiding-place, a nook obscure!

right underneath, the college kitchens made

a humming sound, less tuneable than bees,

50

but hardly less industrious; with shrill notes

of sharp command and scolding intermixed.

near me hung trinity’s loquacious clock,

who never let the quarters, night or day,

slip by him unproclaimed, and told the hours

55

twice over, with a male and female voice.

her pealing organ was my neighbour too;

and from my pillow, looking forth by light

of moon or favoring stars, i could behold

the antechapel, where the statue stood

60

of newton, with his prism, and silent face:

the marble index of a mind for ever

voyaging through strange seas of thought, alone.

of college labors, of the lecturer’s room

all studded round, as thick as chairs could stand,

65

the prelude (1824–1829) 175

with loyal students faithful to their books,

half-and-half idlers, hardy recusants,

and honest dunces—of important days,

examinations when the man was weighed

as in a balance! of excessive hopes,

70

tremblings withal, and commendable fears;

small jealousies, and triumphs good or bad,

let others, that know more, speak as they know.

such glory was but little sought by me

and little won. yet, from the first crude days

75

of settling time in this untried abode,

i was disturbed at times by prudent thoughts,

wishing to hope, without a hope; some fears

about my future worldly maintenance;

and, more than all, a strangeness in the mind,

80

a feeling that i was not for that hour,

nor for that place. but wherefore be cast down?

for (not to speak of reason and her pure

reflective acts to fix the moral law

deep in the conscience; nor of christian hope

85

bowing her head before her sister faith

as one far mightier), hither i had come,

bear witness, truth, endowed with holy powers

and faculties, whether to work or feel.

oft when the dazzling shew no longer new

90

had ceased to dazzle, ofttimes did i quit

my comrades, leave the crowd, buildings and groves,

and as i paced alone the level fields

far from those lovely sights and sounds sublime

with which i had been conversant, the mind

95

drooped not, but there into herself returning

with prompt rebound, seemed fresh as heretofore.

at least i more distinctly recognized

her native instincts; let me dare to speak

a higher language, say that now i felt

100

what independent solaces were mine

to mitigate the injurious sway of place

or circumstance, how far soever changed

in youth, or to be changed in manhood’s prime;

176 the poems of william wordsworth

or, for the few who shall be called to look

105

on the long shadows, in our evening years,

ordained precursors to the night of death.

as if awakened, summoned, roused, constrained,

i looked for universal things, perused

the common countenance of earth and sky;

110

earth no where unembellished by some trace

of that first paradise whence man was driven;

and sky whose beauty and bounty are expressed

by the proud name she bears, the name of heaven.

i called on both to teach me what they might;

115

or, turning the mind in upon herself,

pored, watched, expected, listened, spread my thoughts

and spread them with a wider creeping; felt

incumbencies more awful, visitings

of the upholder, of the tranquil soul

120

that tolerates the indignities of time;

and, from his centre of eternity

all finite motions overruling, lives

in glory immutable. but peace!—enough

here to record i had ascended now

125

to such community with highest truth.

—a track pursuing, not untrod before,

from strict analogies by thought supplied,

or consciousnesses not to be subdued,

to every natural form, rock, fruit or flower,

130

even the loose stones that cover the high-way,

i gave a moral life; i saw them feel,

or linked them to some feeling: the great mass

lay bedded in a quickening soul, and all

that i beheld respired with inward meaning.

135

add, that whate’er of terror or of love

or beauty, nature’s daily face put on

from transitory passion, unto this

i was as sensitive as waters are

to the sky’s influence: in a kindred mood

140

of passion, was obedient as a lute

that waits upon the touches of the wind.

unknown, unthought of, yet i was most rich;

the prelude (1824–1829) 177

i had a world about me; ’twas my own,

i made it; for it only lived to me,

145

and to the god who sees into the heart.

such sympathies, though rarely, were betrayed

by outward gestures and by visible looks:

some called it madness—so, indeed, it was,

if child-like fruitfulness in passing joy,

150

if steady moods of thoughtfulness, matured

to inspiration, sort with such a name;

if prophecy be madness; if things viewed

by poets in old time, and higher up

by the first men, earth’s first inhabitants,

155

may in these tutored days no more be seen

with undisordered sight. but, leaving this,

it was no madness: for the bodily eye

amid my strongest workings evermore

was searching out the lines of difference

160

as they lie hid in all external forms,

near or remote; minute or vast, an eye

which from a tree, a stone, a withered leaf,

to the broad ocean, and the azure heavens

spangled with kindred multitudes of stars,

165

could find no surface where its power might sleep;

which spake perpetual logic to my soul,

and by an unrelenting agency

did bind my feelings, even as in a chain.

and here, o friend! have i retraced my life

170

up to an eminence, and told a tale

of matters which not falsely may be called

the glory of my youth. of genius, power,

creation, and divinity itself,

i have been speaking, for my theme has been

175

what passed within me. not of outward things

done visibly for other minds; words, signs,

symbols, or actions, but of my own heart

have i been speaking, and my youthful mind.

o heavens! how awful is the might of souls

180

and what they do within themselves, while yet

the yoke of earth is new to them, the world

178 the poems of william wordsworth

nothing but a wild field where they were sown.

this is, in truth, heroic argument,

this genuine prowess, which i wished to touch

185

with hand however weak, but in the main

it lies far hidden from the reach of words.

points have we, all of us, within our souls,

where all stand single: this i feel, and make

breathings for incommunicable powers.

190

but is not each a memory to himself?

and, therefore, now that we must quit this theme,

i am not heartless; for there’s not a man

that lives who hath not known his god-like hours,

and feels not what an empire we inherit,

195

as natural beings, in the strength of nature.

no more:—for now into a populous plain

we must descend.—a traveller i am

whose tale is only of himself; even so,

so be it, if the pure of heart be prompt

200

to follow, and if thou, o honored friend!

who in these thoughts art ever at my side,

support, as heretofore, my fainting steps.

it hath been told, that when the first delight

that flashed upon me from this novel shew

205

had failed, the mind returned into herself.

yet true it is, that i had made a change

in climate, and my nature’s outward coat

changed also slowly and insensibly.

full oft the quiet and exalted thoughts

210

of loneliness gave way to empty noise,

and superficial pastimes; now and then

forced labor, and more frequently forced hopes;

and, worst of all, a treasonable growth

of indecisive judgments, that impaired

215

and shook the mind’s simplicity.—and yet

this was a gladsome time. could i behold—

who, less insensible than sodden clay

in a sea-river’s bed at ebb of tide,

could have beheld—with undelighted heart,

220

so many happy youths, so wide and fair

the prelude (1824–1829) 179

a congregation in its budding-time

of health and hope and beauty; all at once

so many divers samples from the growth

of life’s sweet season; could have seen unmoved

225

that miscellaneous garland of wild flowers

decking the matron temples of a place

so famous through the world? to me at least

it was a goodly prospect: for, in sooth,

though i had learnt betimes to stand unpropped,

230

and independent musings pleased me so,

that spells seemed on me when i was alone;

yet could i only cleave to solitude

in lonely places; if a throng was near,

that way i leaned by nature; for my heart

235

was social, and loved idleness and joy.

not seeking those who might participate

my deeper pleasures (nay, i had not once,

though not unused to mutter lonesome songs,

even with myself divided such delight,

240

or looked that way for aught that might be clothed

in human language), easily i passed

from the remembrances of better things,

and slipped into the ordinary works

of careless youth, unburdened, unalarmed.

245

caverns there were within my mind, which sun

could never penetrate, yet did there not

want store of leafy arbours where the light

might enter in at will. companionships,

friendships, acquaintances, were welcome all;

250

we sauntered, played, or rioted, we talked

unprofitable talk at morning hours,

drifted about along the streets and walks,

read lazily in trivial books, went forth

to gallop through the country in blind zeal

255

of senseless horsemanship, or on the breast

of cam sailed boisterously, and let the stars

come forth, perhaps without one quiet thought.

such was the tenor of the second act

in this new life. imagination slept,

260

180 the poems of william wordsworth

and yet not utterly: i could not print

ground where the grass had yielded to the steps

of generations of illustrious men,

unmoved; i could not always lightly pass

through the same gateways, sleep where they had slept,

265

wake where they waked, range that inclosure old,

that garden of great intellects, undisturbed.

place also by the side of this dark sense

of nobler feeling, that those spiritual men,

even the great newton’s own etherial self,

270

seemed humbled in these precincts, thence to be

the more endeared. their several memories here

(even like their persons in their portraits, clothed

with the accustomed garb of daily life)

put on a lowly and a touching grace

275

of more distinct humanity, that left

all genuine admiration unimpaired.

—beside the pleasant mill of trompington

i laughed with chaucer, in the hawthorn shade

heard him, while birds were warbling, tell his tales

280

of amorous passion. and that gentle bard,

chosen by the muses for their page of state,

sweet spenser, moving through his clouded heaven

with the moon’s beauty and the moon’s soft pace,

i called him brother, englishman, and friend!

285

yea, our blind poet, who, in his later day,

stood almost single, uttering odious truth,

darkness before and danger’s voice behind;

soul awful—if the earth hath ever lodged

an awful soul, i seemed to see him here

290

familiarly, and in his scholar’s dress

bounding before me, yet a stripling youth,

a boy, no better, with his rosy cheeks

angelical, keen eye, courageous look,

and conscious step of purity and pride.

295

among the band of my compeers was one

whom chance had stationed in the very room

honored by milton’s name. o temperate bard!

be it confest that, for the first time, seated

the prelude (1824–1829) 181

within thy innocent lodge and oratory,

300

one of a festive circle, i poured out

libations, to thy memory drank, till pride

and gratitude grew dizzy in a brain

never excited by the fumes of wine

before that hour, or since. forth i ran,

305

from that assembly through a length of streets

ran, ostrich-like, to reach our chapel door

in not a desperate or opprobrious time,

albeit long after the importunate bell

had stopped, with wearisome cassandra voice

310

no longer haunting the dark winter night.

call back, o friend! a moment to thy mind

the place itself, and fashion of the rites.

with careless ostentation shouldering up

my surplice, through the inferior throng i clove

315

of the plain burghers, who in audience stood

on the last skirts of their permitted ground

under the pealing organ. empty thoughts!

i am ashamed of them: and that great bard

and thou, o friend! who in thy ample mind

320

hast placed me high above my best deserts,

ye will forgive the weakness of that hour,

in some of its unworthy vanities

brother to many more.

in this mixed sort

the months passed on, remissly, not given up

325

to wilful alienation from the right,

or walks of open scandal, but in vague

and loose indifference, easy likings, aims

of a low pitch,—duty and zeal dismissed,

yet nature, or a happy course of things,

330

not doing, in their stead, the needful work.

the memory languidly revolved, the heart

reposed in noontide rest; the inner pulse

of contemplation almost failed to beat.

such life might not inaptly be compared

335

to a floating island, an amphibious spot

unsound, of spungy texture, yet withal

182 the poems of william wordsworth

not wanting a fair face of water weeds

and pleasant flowers.— the thirst of living praise,

fit reverence for the glorious dead, the sight

340

of those long vistos, sacred catacombs

where mighty minds lie visibly entombed,

have often stirred the heart of youth, and bred

a fervent love of rigorous discipline.

alas! such high emotion touched not me;

345

look was there none within these walls to shame

my easy spirits, and discountenance

their light composure, far less to instil

a calm resolve of mind, firmly addressed

to puissant efforts. nor was this the blame

350

of others, but my own: i should, in truth,

as far as doth concern my single self,

misdeem most widely, lodging it elsewhere.—

for i, bred up ’mid nature’s luxuries,

was a spoiled child; and rambling like the wind,

355

as i had done in daily intercourse

with those crystalline rivers, solemn heights

and mountains;—ranging like a fowl of the air,

i was ill-tutored for captivity,

to quit my pleasure, and from month to month

360

take up a station calmly on the perch

of sedentary peace. those lovely forms

had also left less space within my mind,

which, wrought upon instinctively, had found

a freshness in those objects of her love,

365

a winning power, beyond all other power.

not that i slighted books—that were to lack

all sense—but other passions in me ruled,

passions more fervent, making me less prompt

to in-door study than was wise or well,

370

or suited to those years. yet i, though used

in magisterial liberty to rove—

culling such flowers of learning as might tempt

a random choice—could shadow forth a place

(if now i yield not to a flattering dream)

375

whose studious aspect should have bent me down

the prelude (1824–1829) 183

to instantaneous service, should at once

have made me pay to science and to arts,

and written lore, acknowledged my liege lord,

a homage frankly offered up, like that

380

which i had paid to nature. toil and pains,

in this recess by thoughtful fancy built,

should spread from heart to heart; and stately groves,

majestic edifices, should not want

a corresponding dignity within.

385

the congregating temper, that pervades

our unripe years, not wasted, should be taught

to minister to works of high attempt,

works which the enthusiast would perform with love.

youth should be awed, religiously possessed

390

with a conviction of the power that waits

on knowledge, when sincerely sought and prized

for its own sake, on glory and on praise

if but by labor won, and fit to endure.

the passing day should learn to put aside

395

her trappings here, should strip them off abashed

before antiquity and stedfast truth

and strong book-mindedness; and over all

a healthy sound simplicity should reign,

a seemly plainness, name it what you will,

400

republican or pious.

if these thoughts

are a gratuitous emblazonry

that mocks the recreant age we live in, then

be folly and false-seeming free to affect

whatever formal gait of discipline

405

shall raise them highest in their own esteem;

let them parade among the schools at will;

but spare the house of god. was ever known

the witless shepherd who persists to drive

a flock that thirsts not to a pool disliked?

410

a weight must surely hang on days begun

and ended with such mockery. be wise,

ye presidents, and deans, and till the spirit

of ancient times revive, and youth be trained

184 the poems of william wordsworth

at home in pious service, to your bells

415

give seasonable rest, for ’tis a sound

hollow as ever vexed the tranquil air;

and your officious doings bring disgrace

on the plain steeples of our english church,

whose worship, ’mid remotest village trees,

420

suffers for this. even science, too, at hand,

in daily sight of this irreverence,

is smitten thence with an unnatural taint,

loses her just authority, falls beneath

collateral suspicion, else unknown.

425

this truth escaped me not, and i confess

that, having ’mid my native hills given loose

to a school-boy’s vision, i had raised a pile

upon the basis of the coming time,

that fell in ruins round me. oh! what joy

430

to see a sanctuary for our country’s youth,

informed with such a spirit as might be

its own protection; a primeval grove

where, though the shades with chearfulness were filled,

nor indigent of songs warbled from crowds

435

in under-coverts, yet the countenance

of the whole place should wear a stamp of awe:

a habitation sober and demure

for ruminating creatures; a domain

for quiet things to wander in; a haunt

440

in which the heron should delight to feed

by the shy rivers, and the pelican

upon the cypress spire in lonely thought

might sit and sun himself. alas! alas!

in vain for such solemnity i looked;

445

mine eyes were crossed by butterflies, ears vexed

by chattering popinjays; the inner heart

seemed trivial, and the impresses without

of a too gaudy region.

different sight

those venerable doctors saw of old,

450

when all who dwelt within these famous walls

led in abstemiousness a studious life:

the prelude (1824–1829) 185

when, in forlorn and naked chambers, cooped

and crowded, o’er their ponderous books they hung,

like catterpillers eating out their way

455

in silence, or with keen devouring noise

not to be tracked or fathered. princes then

at matins froze, and couched at curfew-time,

trained up through piety and zeal to prize

spare diet, patient labor, and plain weeds.

460

o seat of arts! renowned throughout the world!

far different service in those homely days

the muses’ modest nurslings underwent

from their first childhood: in that glorious time

when learning, like a stranger come from far,

465

sounding through christian lands her trumpet, roused

peasant and king, when boys and youths, the growth

of ragged villages and crazy huts,

forsook their homes; and, errant in the quest

of patron, famous school, or friendly nook,

470

where, pensioned, they in shelter might sit down,

from town to town, and through wide-scattered realms,

journeyed with ponderous folios in their hands;

and often, starting from some covert place,

saluted the chance comer in the road,

475

crying, “an obolus, a penny give

to a poor scholar”: when illustrious men,

lovers of truth, by penury constrained,

bucer, erasmus, or melancthon, read

before the doors or windows of their cells

480

by moonshine, through mere lack of taper light.

but peace to vain regrets! we see but darkly

even when we look behind us; and best things

are not so pure by nature that they needs

must keep to all, as fondly all believe,

485

their highest promise. if the mariner,

when at reluctant distance he hath passed

some tempting island, could but know the ills

that must have fallen upon him, had he brought

his bark to land upon the wished-for shore,

490

good cause would oft be his to thank the surf

186 the poems of william wordsworth

whose white belt scared him thence, or wind that blew

inexorably adverse! for myself

i grieve not; happy is the gowned youth

who only misses what i missed, who falls

495

no lower than i fell.

i did not love,

judging not ill perhaps, the timid course

of our scholastic studies, could have wished

to see the river flow with ampler range

and freer pace; but more, far more, i grieved

500

to see displayed, among an eager few

who in the field of contest persevered,

passions unworthy of youth’s generous heart

and mounting spirit, pitiably repaid,

when so disturbed, whatever palms are won.

505

from these i turned to travel with the shoal

of more unthinking natures—easy minds

and pillowy, yet not wanting love that makes

the day pass lightly on, when foresight sleeps

and wisdom, and the pledges interchanged

510

with our own inner being are forgot.

yet was this deep vacation not given up

to utter waste. hitherto i had stood

in my own mind remote from social life,

at least from what we commonly so name,

515

like a lone shepherd on a promontory,

who, lacking occupation, looks far forth

into the boundless sea, and rather makes

than finds what he beholds. and sure it is

that this first transit from the smooth delights

520

and wild outlandish walks of simple youth

to something that resembled an approach

towards human business; to a privileged world

within a world, a midway residence

with all its intervenient imagery,

525

did better suit my visionary mind,

far better, than to have been bolted forth,

thrust out abruptly into fortune’s way,

among the conflicts of substantial life;

the prelude (1824–1829) 187

by a more just gradation did lead on

530

to higher things, more naturally matured,

for permanent possession, better fruits,

whether of truth or virtue, to ensue.

in serious mood, but oftener, i confess,

with playful zest of fancy, did we note

535

(how could we less?) the manners and the ways

of those who lived distinguished by the badge

of good or ill report; or those with whom,

by frame of academic discipline,

we were perforce connected, men whose sway

540

and known authority of office served

to set our minds on edge, and did no more.

nor wanted we rich pastime of this kind,

found every where; but chiefly in the ring

of the grave elders—men unscoured, grotesque

545

in character; tricked out like aged trees

which, through the lapse of their infirmity,

give ready place to any random seed

that chuses to be reared upon their trunks.

here, on my view, confronting vividly

550

those shepherd swains whom i had lately left,

appeared a different aspect of old age;

how different! yet both distinctly marked,

objects embossed, to catch the general eye,

or portraitures for special use designed,

555

as some might seem, so aptly do they serve

to illustrate nature’s book of rudiments,

that book upheld as with maternal care

when she would enter on her tender scheme

of teaching comprehension with delight

560

and mingling playful with pathetic thoughts.

the surfaces of artificial life

and manners finely wrought, the delicate race

of colours, lurking, gleaming up and down

through that state arras woven with silk and gold;

565

this wily interchange of snaky hues,

willingly or unwillingly revealed,

i neither knew nor cared for; and, as such

188 the poems of william wordsworth

were wanting here, i took what might be found

of less elaborate fabric. at this day

570

i smile in many a mountain solitude,

conjuring up scenes as obsolete in freaks

of character, in points of wit as broad,

as aught by wooden images performed

for entertainment of the gaping crowd

575

at wake or fair. and oftentimes do flit

remembrances before me of old men,

old humorists who have been long in their graves,

and, having almost in my mind put off

their human names, have into phantoms passed

580

of texture midway between life and books.

i play the loiterer; ’tis enough to note

that here, in dwarf proportions, were expressed

the limbs of the great world, its eager strifes

collaterally pourtrayed, as in mock fight;

585

a tournament of blows, some hardly dealt

though short of mortal combat; and whate’er

might in this pageant be supposed to hit

an artless rustic’s notice, this way less,

more that way, was not wasted upon me.

590

—and yet the spectacle may well demand

a more substantial name, no mimic shew,

itself a living part of a live whole,

a creek in the vast sea;—for all degrees

and shapes of spurious fame and short-lived praise

595

here sate in state, and fed with daily alms

retainers won away from solid good;

and here was labor his own bondslave—hope

that never set the pains against the prize;

idleness, halting with his weary clog;

600

and poor misguided shame, and witless fear,

and simple pleasure foraging for death;

honor misplaced, and dignity astray;

feuds, factions, flatteries, enmity, and guile;

murmuring submission, and bald government;

605

the idol weak as the idolater;

and decency and custom starving truth;

the prelude (1824–1829) 189

and blind authority beating with his staff

the child that might have led him; emptiness

followed as of good omen; and meek worth

610

left to herself, unheard of and unknown.

of these and other kindred notices

i cannot say what portion is in truth

the naked recollection of that time,

and what may rather have been called to life

615

by after-meditation. but delight,

that, in an easy temper lulled asleep,

is still with innocence its own reward,

this was not wanting. carelessly i roamed

as through a wide museum, from whose stores

620

a casual rarity is singled out,

and has its brief perusal, then gives way

to others, all supplanted in their turn;

till ’mid this crowded neighbourhood of things

that are, by nature, most unneighbourly,

625

the head turns round—and cannot right itself;

and though an aching and a barren sense

of gay confusion still be uppermost,

with few wise longings and but little love,

yet to the memory something cleaves at last,

630

whence profit may be drawn in times to come.

thus in submissive idleness, my friend,

the laboring time of autumn, winter, spring,

eight months! rolled pleasingly away,—the ninth

came and returned me to my native hills.

635

book fourth

summer vacation

bright was the summer’s noon when quick’ning steps

followed each other till a dreary moor

was crossed, a bare ridge clomb, upon whose top

standing alone, as from a rampart’s edge

i overlooked the bed of windermere

5

like a vast river stretching in the sun!

with exultation at my feet i saw

lake, islands, promontories, gleaming bays,

190 the poems of william wordsworth

a universe of nature’s fairest forms

proudly revealed with instantaneous burst,

10

magnificent and beautiful and gay.

i bounded down the hill, shouting amain

for the old ferryman—to the shout the rocks

replied, and when the charon of the flood

had staid his oars and touched the jutting pier

15

i did not step into the well-known boat

without a cordial greeting. thence, with speed

up the familiar hill i took my way

towards that sweet valley where i had been reared.

’twas but a short hour’s walk ere, veering round,

20

i saw the snow-white church upon her hill

sit like a throned lady, sending out

a gracious look all over her domain.

yon azure smoke betrays the lurking town;

with eager footsteps i advance, and reach

25

the cottage threshold where my journey closed.

glad welcome had i, with some tears, perhaps,

from my old dame, so kind, and motherly!

while she perused me with a parent’s pride.

the thoughts of gratitude shall fall like dew

30

upon thy grave, good creature! while my heart

can beat, never will i forget thy name.

heaven’s blessing be upon thee where thou liest,

after thy innocent and busy stir

in narrow cares, thy little daily growth

35

of calm enjoyments; after eighty years,

and more than eighty, of untroubled life,

childless, yet by the strangers to thy blood

honored with little less than filial love.

what joy was mine to see thee once again,

40

thee and thy dwelling; and a crowd of things

about its narrow precincts, all beloved,

and many of them seeming yet my own!

why should i speak of what a thousand hearts

have felt, and every man alive can guess?

45

the rooms, the court, the garden were not left

long unsaluted, nor the sunny seat

the prelude (1824–1829) 191

round the stone table, under the dark pine,

friendly to studious or to festive hours;

nor that unruly child, of mountain birth,

50

the froward brook—who, soon as he was boxed

within our garden, found himself at once,

as if by trick insidious and unkind,

stripped of his voice, and left to dimple down

(without an effort, and without a will)

55

a channel pav’d by man’s officious care.

i looked at him and smiled, and smiled again,

and, in the press of twenty thousand thoughts,

“ha!” quoth i, “pretty prisoner, are you there?”

well might sarcastic fancy then have whispered,

60

“an emblem here behold of thy own life

in its late course of even days, with all

their smooth enthralment”—but the heart was full,

too full for that reproach. my aged dame

walked proudly at my side; she guided me,

65

i willing, nay—nay—wishing to be led.

—the face of every neighbour whom i met

was like a volume to me; some were hailed

upon the road—some, busy at their work;

unceremonious greetings, interchanged

70

with half the length of a long field between.

among my schoolfellows i scattered round

like recognitions, but with some constraint

attended, doubtless from a little pride,

but with more shame, for my habiliments,

75

the transformation wrought by gay attire.

not less delighted did i take my place

at our domestic table; and, dear friend!

in this endeavour simply to relate

a poet’s history, may i leave untold

80

the thankfulness with which i laid me down

in my accustomed bed, more welcome now,

perhaps, than if it had been more desired,

or been more often thought of with regret?—

that lowly bed, whence i had heard the wind

85

roar, and the rain beat hard; where i so oft

192 the poems of william wordsworth

had lain awake, on summer nights, to watch

the moon in splendor couched among the leaves

of a tall ash, that near our cottage stood;

had watched her with fixed eyes while to and fro,

90

in the dark summit of the waving tree,

she rocked, with every impulse of the breeze.

among the favorites whom it pleased me well

to see again, was one, by ancient right

our inmate, a rough terrier of the hills,

95

by birth and call of nature pre-ordained

to hunt the badger, and unearth the fox,

among the impervious crags; but having been

from youth our own adopted, he had passed

into a gentler service. and when first

100

the boyish spirit flagged, and day by day

along my veins i kindled with the stir,

the fermentation and the vernal heat

of poesy, affecting private shades

like a sick lover, then this dog was used

105

to watch me, an attendant and a friend

obsequious to my steps, early and late,

though often of such dilatory walk

tired, and uneasy at the halts i made.

a hundred times when, roving high and low,

110

i have been harrassed with the toil of verse,

much pains and little progress, and at once

some lovely image in the song rose up

full-formed, like venus rising from the sea;

then have i darted forwards and let loose

115

my hand upon his back, with stormy joy;

caressing him again, and yet again.

and when at evening on the public way

i sauntered, like a river murmuring

and talking to itself, when all things else

120

are still, the creature trotted on before—

such was his custom; but whene’er he met

a passenger approaching, he would turn

to give me timely notice; and, straitway,

grateful for that admonishment, i hushed

125

the prelude (1824–1829) 193

my voice, composed my gait, and with the air

and mien of one whose thoughts are free, advanced

to give and take a greeting, that might save

my name from piteous rumours, such as wait

on men suspected to be crazed in brain.

130

those walks, well worthy to be prized and loved,

regretted! that word too was on my tongue,

but they were richly laden with all good,

and cannot be remembered but with thanks

and gratitude, and perfect joy of heart;

135

those walks, in all their freshness, now came back,

like a returning spring. when first i made

once more the circuit of our little lake,

if ever happiness hath lodged with man,

that day consummate happiness was mine,

140

wide-spreading, steady, calm, contemplative.

the sun was set, or setting, when i left

our cottage door, and evening soon brought on

a sober hour,—not winning or serene,

for cold and raw the air was, and untuned:

145

but as a face we love is sweetest then

when sorrow damps it; or, whatever look

it chance to wear, is sweetest if the heart

have fulness in herself, even so with me

it fared that evening. gently did my soul

150

put off her veil, and, self-transmuted, stood

naked, as in the presence of her god.

while on i walked, a comfort seemed to touch

a heart that had not been disconsolate;

strength came where weakness was not known to be,

155

at least not felt; and restoration came,

like an intruder, knocking at the door

of unacknowledged weariness. i took

the balance, and with firm hand weighed myself.

—of that external scene which round me lay

160

little, in this abstraction, did i see,

remembered less; but i had inward hopes

and swellings of the spirit: was rapt and soothed,

conversed with promises; had glimmering views

194 the poems of william wordsworth

how life pervades the undecaying mind,

165

how the immortal soul with god-like power

informs, creates, and thaws the deepest sleep

that time can lay upon her; how on earth,

man, if he do but live within the light

of high endeavours, daily spreads abroad

170

his being armed with strength that cannot fail.

nor was there want of milder thoughts, of love,

of innocence, and holiday repose;

and more than pastoral quiet ’mid the stir

of boldest projects; and a peaceful end

175

at last, or glorious, by endurance won.

thus musing, in a wood i sate me down,

alone, continuing there to muse; the slopes

and heights, meanwhile, were slowly overspread

with darkness; and before a rippling breeze

180

the long lake lengthened out its hoary line:

and in the sheltered coppice where i sate,

around me from among the hazel leaves,

now here, now there, moved by the straggling wind,

came ever and anon a breath-like sound,

185

quick as the pantings of the faithful dog,

the off and on companion of my walk;

and such, at times, believing them to be,

i turned my head, to look if he were there;

then into solemn thought i passed once more.

190

a freshness also found i at this time

in human life, the daily life of those

whose occupations really i loved.

the peaceful scene oft filled me with surprize,

changed like a garden in the heat of spring

195

after an eight-days’ absence. for (to omit

the things which were the same, and yet appeared

far otherwise) amid this rural solitude,

(a narrow vale where each was known to all)

’twas not indifferent, to a youthful mind,

200

to mark some sheltering bower or sunny nook,

where an old man had used to sit alone,

now vacant,—pale-faced babes, whom i had left

the prelude (1824–1829) 195

in arms, now rosy prattlers, at the feet

of a pleased grandame, tottering up and down:

205

and growing girls, whose beauty, filched away

with all its pleasant promises, was gone

to deck some slighted playmate’s homely cheek.

—yes, i had something of a subtler sense,

and often, looking round, was moved to smiles,

210

such as a delicate work of humor breeds.

i read, without design, the opinions, thoughts,

of those plain-living people, now observed

with clearer knowledge; with another eye

i saw the quiet woodman in the woods,

215

the shepherd roam the hills. with new delight,

this chiefly, did i note my gray-haired dame,

saw her go forth to church, or other work

of state, equipped in monumental trim,

short velvet cloak (her bonnet of the like),

220

a mantle such as spanish cavaliers

wore in old time. her smooth domestic life,

affectionate without disquietude,

her talk, her business, pleased me; and no less

her clear, though shallow, stream of piety,

225

that ran on sabbath days a fresher course.

with thoughts, unfelt till now, i saw her read

her bible, on hot sunday afternoons;

and loved the book, when she had dropped asleep

and made of it a pillow for her head.

230

nor less do i remember to have felt,

distinctly manifested at this time,

a human-heartedness about my love

for objects, hitherto the absolute wealth

of my own private being, and no more;

235

which i had loved, even as a blessed spirit,

or angel, if he were to dwell on earth,

might love, in individual happiness.

but now there opened on me other thoughts,

of change, congratulation, or regret—

240

a pensive feeling! it spread far and wide;

the trees, the mountains shared it, and the brooks;

196 the poems of william wordsworth

the stars of heaven, now seen in their old haunts,

white sirius, glittering o’er the southern crags,

orion with his belt, and those fair seven,

245

acquaintances of every little child,

and jupiter, my own beloved star!

whatever shadings of mortality,

whatever imports from the world of death

had come among these objects heretofore,

250

were, in the main, of mood less tender:—strong,

deep, gloomy were they, and severe; the scatterings

of awe, or tremulous dread, that had given way,

in later youth, to yearnings of a love

enthusiastic, to delight and hope.

255

as one who hangs down-bending from the side

of a slow-moving boat, upon the breast

of a still water, solacing himself

with such discoveries as his eye can make,

beneath him, in the bottom of the deep,

260

sees many beauteous sights, weeds, fishes, flowers,

grots, pebbles, roots of trees, and fancies more;

yet often is perplexed, and cannot part

the shadow from the substance, rocks and sky,

mountains and clouds reflected in the depth

265

of the clear flood, from things which there abide

in their true dwelling: now is crossed by gleam

of his own image, by a sun-beam now,

and wavering motions, sent he knows not whence,

impediments that make his task more sweet—

270

such pleasant office have we long pursued,

incumbent o’er the surface of past time,

with like success, nor often have appeared

shapes fairer, or less doubtfully discerned

than these to which the tale, indulgent friend!

275

would now direct thy notice. yet in spite

of pleasure won and knowledge not withheld,

there was an inner falling-off. i loved,

loved deeply, all that had been loved before,

more deeply even than ever: but a swarm

280

of heady schemes, jostling each other, gawds,

the prelude (1824–1829) 197

and feast, and dance, and public revelry;

and sports, and games (too grateful in themselves,

yet in themselves less grateful, i believe,

than as they were a badge, glossy and fresh,

285

of manliness and freedom) all conspired

to lure my mind from firm habitual quest

of feeding pleasures; to depress the zeal

and damp those daily yearnings which had once been mine—

a wild unworldly-minded youth, given up

290

to his own eager thoughts. it would demand

some skill, and longer time than may be spared,

to paint these vanities, and how they wrought

in haunts where they, till now, had been unknown.

it seemed the very garments that i wore

295

preyed on my strength, and stopped the quiet stream

of self-forgetfulness.

yes, that heartless chase

of trivial pleasures was a poor exchange

for books and nature at that early age.

’tis true some casual knowledge might be gained

300

of character or life; but at that time,

of manners put to school i took small note;

and all my deeper passions lay elsewhere.

far better had it been to exalt the mind

by solitary study; to uphold

305

intense desire through meditative peace.

and yet, for chastisement of these regrets,

the memory of one particular hour

doth here rise up against me.—’mid a throng

of maids and youths, old men and matrons staid,

310

a medley of all tempers, i had passed

the night in dancing, gaiety, and mirth;

with din of instruments, and shuffling feet,

and glancing forms, and tapers glittering,

and unaimed prattle flying up and down—

315

spirits upon the stretch, and here and there

slight shocks of young love-liking interspersed,

whose transient pleasure mounted to the head,

and tingled through the veins. ere we retired

198 the poems of william wordsworth

the cock had crowed; and now the eastern sky

320

was kindling, not unseen from humble copse

and open field through which the pathway wound

that homeward led my steps. magnificent

the morning rose, in memorable pomp,

glorious as e’er i had beheld; in front

325

the sea lay laughing at a distance;—near,

the solid mountains shone bright as the clouds,

grain-tinctured, drenched in empyrean light:

and, in the meadows and the lower grounds,

was all the sweetness of a common dawn;

330

dews, vapours, and the melody of birds;

and labourers going forth to till the fields.

ah! need i say, dear friend, that to the brim

my heart was full: i made no vows, but vows

were then made for me; bond unknown to me

335

was given, that i should be, else sinning greatly,

a dedicated spirit. on i walked

in thankful blessedness which yet survives.

strange rendezvous my mind was at that time,

a party-colored shew of grave and gay,

340

solid and light, short-sighted and profound;

of inconsiderate habits and sedate,

consorting in one mansion, unreproved.

the worth i knew of powers that i possessed,

though slighted and too oft misused. besides,

345

that summer, swarming as it did with thoughts

transient and idle, lacked not intervals

when folly from the frown of fleeting time

shrunk, and the mind experienced in herself

conformity as just as that of old

350

to the end and written spirit of god’s works,

whether held forth in nature or in man,

through pregnant vision, separate or conjoined.

when from our better selves we have too long

been parted by the hurrying world, and droop,

355

sick of its business, of its pleasures tired,

how gracious, how benign is solitude!

how potent a mere image of her sway!

the prelude (1824–1829) 199

most potent when impressed upon the mind

with an appropriate human centre—hermit

360

deep in the bosom of the wilderness;

votary (in vast cathedral, where no foot

is treading and no other face is seen)

kneeling at prayer; or watchman on the top

of lighthouse beaten by atlantic waves;

365

or as the soul of that great power is met

sometimes embodied on a public road,

when, for the night deserted, it assumes

a character of quiet more profound

than pathless wastes.

once, when those summer months

370

were flown, and autumn brought its annual shew

of oars with oars contending, sails with sails,

upon winander’s spacious breast, it chanced

that—after i had left a flower-decked room

(whose in-door pastime, lighted-up, survived

375

to a late hour) and spirits overwrought

were making night do penance for a day

spent in a round of strenuous idleness—

my homeward course led up a long ascent

where the road’s watery surface, to the top

380

of that sharp rising, glittered to the moon

and bore the semblance of another stream

stealing with silent lapse to join the brook

that murmured in the vale. all else was still;

no living thing appeared in earth or air,

385

and, save the flowing water’s peaceful voice,

sound was there none: but lo! an uncouth shape

shewn by a sudden turning of the road,

so near, that, slipping back into the shade

of a thick hawthorn, i could mark him well,

390

myself unseen. he was of stature tall,

a span above man’s common measure tall,

stiff, lank, and upright;—a more meagre man

was never seen before by night or day.

long were his arms, pallid his hands;—his mouth

395

looked ghastly in the moonlight. from behind,

200 the poems of william wordsworth

a mile-stone propped him; i could also ken

that he was clothed in military garb,

though faded, yet entire. companionless,

no dog attending, by no staff sustained

400

he stood; and in his very dress appeared

a desolation, a simplicity

to which the trappings of a gaudy world

make a strange background. from his lips erelong

issued low muttered sounds, as if of pain

405

or some uneasy thought; yet still his form

kept the same awful steadiness;—at his feet

his shadow lay and moved not. from self-blame

not wholly free, i watched him thus; at length

subduing my heart’s specious cowardice,

410

i left the shady nook where i had stood,

and hailed him. slowly, from his resting-place

he rose; and, with a lean and wasted arm

in measured gesture lifted to his head,

returned my salutation: then resumed

415

his station as before; and when i asked

his history, the veteran, in reply,

was neither slow nor eager; but, unmoved,

and with a quiet uncomplaining voice,

a stately air of mild indifference,

420

he told, in few plain words, a soldier’s tale—

that in the tropic islands he had served,

whence he had landed, scarcely three weeks past,

that on his landing he had been dismissed,

and now was travelling towards his native home.

425

this heard, i said in pity, “come with me.”

he stooped, and straightway from the ground took up

an oaken staff, by me yet unobserved—

a staff which must have dropped from his slack hand

and lay till now neglected in the grass.

430

though weak his step and cautious, he appeared

to travel without pain, and i beheld,

with an astonishment but ill suppressed,

his ghastly figure moving at my side;

nor could i, while we journeyed thus, forbear

435

the prelude (1824–1829) 201

to turn from present hardships to the past,

and speak of war, battle, and pestilence,

sprinkling this talk with questions, better spared,

on what he might himself have seen or felt.

he all the while was in demeanour calm,

440

concise in answer; solemn and sublime

he might have seemed, but that in all he said

there was a strange half-absence, as of one

knowing too well the importance of his theme,

but feeling it no longer. our discourse

445

soon ended, and together on we passed,

in silence, through a wood, gloomy and still.

up-turning then along an open field,

we reached a cottage. at the door i knocked,

and earnestly to charitable care

450

commended him, as a poor friendless man

belated, and by sickness overcome.

assured that now the traveller would repose

in comfort, i entreated, that henceforth

he would not linger in the public ways,

455

but ask for timely furtherance and help,

such as his state required.—at this reproof,

with the same ghastly mildness in his look,

he said, “my trust is in the god of heaven,

and in the eye of him who passes me.”

460

the cottage door was speedily unbarred,

and now the soldier touched his hat once more

with his lean hand; and, in a faltering voice

whose tone bespake reviving interests

till then unfelt, he thanked me; i returned

465

the farewell blessing of the patient man,

and so we parted. back i cast a look,

and lingered near the door a little space;

then sought with quiet heart my distant home.

this passed, and he who deigns to mark with care

470

by what rules governed, with what end in view

this work proceeds, he will not wish for more.

202 the poems of william wordsworth

book fifth

books

when contemplation, like the night-calm felt

through earth and sky, spreads widely, and sends deep

into the soul its tranquillizing power,

even then i sometimes grieve for thee, o man,

earth’s paramount creature! not so much for woes

5

that thou endurest; heavy though that weight be,

cloud-like it mounts, or touched with light divine

doth melt away; but for those palms achieved

through length of time, by patient exercise

of study and hard thought—there, there it is

10

that sadness finds its fuel. hitherto,

in progress through this work, my mind hath looked

upon the speaking face of earth and heaven

as her prime teacher, intercourse with man

established by the sovereign intellect

15

who through that bodily image hath diffused,

as might appear to the eye of fleeting time,

a deathless spirit. thou also, man! hast wrought,

for commerce of thy nature with herself,

things that aspire to unconquerable life:

20

and yet we feel, we cannot chuse but feel

that they must perish. tremblings of the heart

it gives, to think that our immortal being

no more shall need such garments; and yet man,

as long as he shall be the child of earth,

25

might almost “weep to have” what he may lose,

nor be himself extinguished; but survive

abject, depressed, forlorn, disconsolate.

a thought is with me sometimes, and i say—

should the whole frame of earth by inward throes

30

be wrenched, or fire come down from far to scorch

her pleasant habitations, and dry up

old ocean in his bed, left singed and bare,

yet would the living presence still subsist

victorious; and composure would ensue,

35

and kindlings like the morning—presage sure

of day returning, and of life revived.

the prelude (1824–1829) 203

but all the meditations of mankind,

yea, all the adamantine holds of truth,

by reason built, or passion, which itself

40

is highest reason in a soul sublime;

the consecrated works of bard and sage,

sensuous or intellectual, wrought by men,

twin labourers, and heirs of the same hopes;

where would they be? oh! why hath not the mind

45

some element to stamp her image on

in nature somewhat nearer to her own?

why, gifted with such powers to send abroad

her spirit, must it lodge in shrines so frail?

one day, when from my lips a like complaint

50

had fallen in presence of a studious friend,

he with a smile made answer that in truth

’twas going far to seek disquietude,

but, on the front of his reproof, confessed

that he himself had oftentimes given way

55

to kindred hauntings. whereupon i told

that once in the stillness of a summer’s noon,

while i was seated in a rocky cave

by the sea-side, perusing, so it chanced,

the famous history of the errant knight

60

recorded by cervantes, these same thoughts

beset me, and to height unusual rose,

while listlessly i sate, and, having closed

the book, had turned my eyes tow’rd the wide sea.

on poetry, and geometric truth,

65

and their high privilege of lasting life,

from all internal injury exempt,

i mused; upon these chiefly: and, at length,

my senses yielding to the sultry air,

sleep seized me, and i passed into a dream.

70

i saw before me stretched a boundless plain,

of sandy wilderness, all blank and void;

and as i looked around, distress and fear

came creeping over me, when at my side,

close at my side, an uncouth shape appeared

75

upon a dromedary, mounted high.

204 the poems of william wordsworth

he seemed an arab of the bedouin tribes:

a lance he bore, and underneath one arm

a stone; and, in the opposite hand, a shell

of a surpassing brightness. at the sight

80

much i rejoiced, not doubting but a guide

was present, one who with unerring skill

would through the desert lead me; and while yet

i looked, and looked, self-questioned what this freight

which the new-comer carried through the waste

85

could mean, the arab told me that the stone

(to give it in the language of the dream)

was euclid’s elements; “and this,” said he,

“this other,” pointing to the shell, “this book

is something of more worth”; and, at the word,

90

stretched forth the shell, so beautiful in shape,

in color so resplendent, with command

that i should hold it to my ear. i did so,—

and heard, that instant, in an unknown tongue,

which yet i understood, articulate sounds,

95

a loud prophetic blast of harmony—

an ode, in passion uttered, which foretold

destruction to the children of the earth,

by deluge now at hand. no sooner ceased

the song than the arab with calm look declared

100

that all would come to pass, of which the voice

had given forewarning, and that he himself

was going then to bury those two books:

the one that held acquaintance with the stars,

and wedded soul to soul in purest bond

105

of reason, undisturbed by space or time:

th’other, that was a god, yea many gods,

had voices more than all the winds, with power

to exhilarate the spirit, and to soothe,

through every clime, the heart of human kind.

110

while this was uttering, strange as it may seem,

i wondered not, although i plainly saw

the one to be a stone, the other a shell,

nor doubted once but that they both were books;

having a perfect faith in all that passed.

115

the prelude (1824–1829) 205

far stronger now grew the desire i felt

to cleave unto this man; but when i prayed

to share his enterprize, he hurried on,

reckless of me: i followed, not unseen,

for oftentimes he cast a backward look,

120

grasping his twofold treasure. lance in rest,

he rode, i keeping pace with him; and now

he to my fancy had become the knight

whose tale cervantes tells; yet not the knight,

but was an arab of the desert, too,

125

of these was neither, and was both at once.

his countenance, meanwhile, grew more disturbed,

and looking backwards when he looked, mine eyes

saw, over half the wilderness diffused,

a bed of glittering light: i asked the cause.

130

“it is,” said he, “the waters of the deep

gathering upon us”; quickening then the pace

of the unwieldy creature he bestrode,

he left me; i called after him aloud,—

he heeded not; but with his twofold charge

135

still in his grasp, before me, full in view,

went hurrying o’er the illimitable waste

with the fleet waters of a drowning world

in chase of him; whereat i waked in terror;

and saw the sea before me, and the book,

140

in which i had been reading, at my side.

full often, taking from the world of sleep

this arab phantom, which i thus beheld,

this semi-quixote, i to him have given

a substance, fancied him a living man,

145

a gentle dweller in the desert, crazed

by love and feeling, and internal thought

protracted among endless solitudes;

have shaped him, in the oppression of his brain,

and so equipped, wandering upon this quest!

150

nor have i pitied him; but rather felt

reverence was due to a being thus employed;

and thought that, in the blind and awful lair

of such a madness, reason did lie couched.

206 the poems of william wordsworth

enow there are on earth to take in charge

155

their wives, their children, and their virgin loves,

or whatsoever else the heart holds dear;

enow to stir for these;—yea, will i say,

contemplating in soberness the approach

of an event so dire, by signs, in earth

160

or heaven, made manifest,—that i could share

that maniac’s fond anxiety, and go

upon like errand. oftentimes, at least,

me hath such strong entrancement overcome,

when i have held a volume in my hand,

165

poor earthly casket of immortal verse,

shakespear, or milton, labourers divine!

great and benign, indeed, must be the power

of living nature, which could thus so long

detain me from the best of other guides

170

and dearest helpers left unthanked, unpraised.

even in the time of lisping infancy,

and later down, in prattling childhood, even,

while i was travelling back among those days,

how could i ever play an ingrate’s part?

175

once more should i have made those bowers resound,

by intermingling strains of thankfulness

with their own thoughtless melodies; at least,

it might have well beseemed me to repeat

some simply fashioned tale, to tell again,

180

in slender accents of sweet verse, some tale

that did bewitch me then, and soothes me now.

o friend! o poet! brother of my soul,

think not that i could pass along untouched

by these remembrances. yet wherefore speak?

185

why call upon a few weak words to say

what is already written in the hearts

of all that breathe? what in the path of all

drops daily from the tongue of every child,

wherever man is found? the trickling tear

190

upon the cheek of listening infancy

proclaims it, and the insuperable look

that drinks as if it never could be full.

the prelude (1824–1829) 207

that portion of my story i shall leave

there registered; whatever else of power

195

or pleasure, sown or fostered thus, may be

peculiar to myself, let that remain

where still it works, though hidden from all search,

among the depths of time. yet is it just

that here, in memory of all books which lay

200

their sure foundations in the heart of man,

whether by native prose, or numerous verse;

that in the name of all inspired souls,

from homer the great thunderer, from the voice

that roars along the bed of jewish song:

205

and that more varied and elaborate,

those trumpet-tones of harmony that shake

our shores in england; from those loftiest notes

down to the low and wren-like warblings, made

for cottagers, and spinners at the wheel,

210

and sun-burnt travellers resting their tired limbs,

stretched under way-side hedgerows, ballad tunes,

food for the hungry ears of little ones,

and of old men who have survived their joy;

’tis just that in behalf of these, the works,

215

and of the men that framed them, whether known,

or sleeping nameless in their scattered graves,

that i should here assert their rights, attest

their honours, and should, once for all, pronounce

their benediction: speak of them as powers

220

for ever to be hallowed; only less,

for what we are and what we may become,

than nature’s self, which is the breath of god;

or his pure word by miracle revealed.

rarely, and with reluctance, would i stoop

225

to transitory themes; yet i rejoice,

and, by these thoughts admonished, will pour out

thanks with uplifted heart, that i was reared

safe from an evil which these days have laid

upon the children of the land, a pest

230

that might have dried me up, body and soul.

this verse is dedicate to nature’s self

208 the poems of william wordsworth

and things that teach as nature teaches: then

oh! where had been the man, the poet where,

where had we been, we two, beloved friend?

235

if in the season of unperilous choice,

in lieu of wandering, as we did, through tales

rich with indigenous produce, open ground

of fancy, happy pastures ranged at will,

we had been followed, hourly watched,—and noosed

240

each in his several melancholy walk,

stringed like a poor-man’s heifer, at its feed

led through the lanes in forlorn servitude;

or rather like a stalled ox debarred

from touch of growing grass, that may not taste

245

a flower, till it have yielded up its sweets

a prelibation to the mower’s scythe.

behold the parent hen amid her brood,

though fledged and feathered and well-pleased to part

and straggle from her presence, still a brood,—

250

and she herself from the maternal bond

still undischarged; yet doth she little more

than move with them in tenderness and love,

a centre to the circle which they make;

and, now and then, alike from need of theirs,

255

and call of her own natural appetites,

she scratches, ransacks up the earth for food

which they partake at pleasure. early died

my honored mother, she who was the heart

and hinge of all our learnings and our loves;

260

she left us destitute, and as we might

trooping together. little suits it me

to break upon the sabbath of her rest

with any thought that looks at others’ blame;

nor would i praise her but in perfect love;

265

hence am i checked; but let me boldly say,

in gratitude, and for the sake of truth,

unheard by her, that she, not falsely taught,

fetching her goodness rather from times past

than shaping novelties for times to come,

270

had no presumption, no such jealousy;

the prelude (1824–1829) 209

nor did by habit of her thoughts mistrust

our nature, but had virtual faith that he

who fills the mother’s breast with innocent milk,

doth also for our nobler part provide,

275

under his great correction and controul,

as innocent instincts and as innocent food;

or draws for minds that are left free to trust

in the simplicities of opening life

sweet honey out of spurned or dreaded weeds.

280

this was her creed; and therefore she was pure

from anxious fear of error or mishap,

and evil,—overweeningly so called;

was not puffed up by false unnatural hopes;

nor selfish with unnecessary cares;

285

nor with impatience from the season asked

more than its timely produce—rather loved

the hours for what they are than from regards

glanced on their promises, in restless pride.

such was she—not from faculties more strong

290

than others have, but from the times, perhaps,

and spot in which she lived, and through a grace

of modest meekness, simple-mindedness,

a heart that found benignity and hope,

being itself benign.

my drift, i fear,

295

is scarcely obvious; but, that common sense

may try this modern system by its fruits,

leave let me take to place before her sight

a specimen pourtrayed with faithful hand.

full early trained to worship seemliness,

300

this model of a child is never known

to mix in quarrels—that were far beneath

his dignity; with gifts he bubbles o’er

as generous as a fountain; selfishness

may not come near him, nor the little throng

305

of flitting pleasures tempt him from his path;

the wandering beggars propagate his name,

dumb creatures find him tender as a nun;

and natural or supernatural fear,

210 the poems of william wordsworth

unless it leap upon him in a dream,

310

touches him not. to enhance the wonder, see

how arch his notices, how nice his sense

of the ridiculous; not blind is he

to the broad follies of the licenced world;

yet innocent himself withal, though shrewd,

315

and can read lectures upon innocence.

a miracle of scientific lore,

ships he can guide across the pathless sea,

and tell you all their cunning;—he can read

the inside of the earth, and spell the stars;

320

he knows the policies of foreign lands;

can string you names of districts, cities, towns,

the whole world over, tight as beads of dew

upon a gossamer thread; he sifts, he weighs;

all things are put to question; he must live

325

knowing that he grows wiser every day

or else not live at all, and seeing, too,

each little drop of wisdom as it falls

into the dimpling cistern of his heart.

for this unnatural growth the trainer blame,

330

pity the tree.—poor human vanity!

wert thou extinguished, little would be left

which he could truly love; but how escape?

for, ever as a thought of purer birth

rises to lead him toward a better clime,

335

some intermedler still is on the watch

to drive him back, and pound him like a stray

within the pinfold of his own conceit.

meanwhile old grandame earth is grieved to find

the play-things which her love designed for him

340

unthought of: in their woodland beds the flowers

weep, and the river sides are all forlorn.

oh! give us once again the wishing-cap

of fortunatus, and the invisible coat

of jack the giant-killer, robin hood,

345

and sabra in the forest with st george!

the child, whose love is here, at least doth reap

one precious gain, that he forgets himself.

the prelude (1824–1829) 211

these mighty workmen of our later age

who with a broad highway have overbridged

350

the froward chaos of futurity,

tamed to their bidding; they who have the skill

to manage books and things, and make them act

on infant minds as surely as the sun

deals with a flower; the keepers of our time,

355

the guides and wardens of our faculties,

sages who in their prescience would control

all accidents, and to the very road

which they have fashioned would confine us down

like engines; when will their presumption learn

360

that in the unreasoning progress of the world

a wiser spirit is at work for us,

a better eye than theirs, most prodigal

of blessings and most studious of our good,

even in what seem our most unfruitful hours?

365

there was a boy;—ye knew him well, ye cliffs

and islands of winander!—many a time

at evening, when the earliest stars began

to move along the edges of the hills,

rising or setting, would he stand alone,

370

beneath the trees, or by the glimmering lake;

and there, with fingers interwoven, both hands

pressed closely palm to palm and to his mouth

uplifted, he, as through an instrument,

blew mimic hootings to the silent owls

375

that they might answer him.—and they would shout

across the watery vale, and shout again,

responsive to his call,—with quivering peals,

and long halloos, and screams, and echoes loud

redoubled and redoubled; concourse wild

380

of jocund din! and when a lengthened pause

of silence came, and baffled his best skill,

then, sometimes, in that silence, while he hung

listening, a gentle shock of mild surprize

has carried far into his heart the voice

385

of mountain torrents; or the visible scene

would enter unawares into his mind

212 the poems of william wordsworth

with all its solemn imagery, its rocks,

its woods, and that uncertain heaven, received

into the bosom of the steady lake.

390

this boy was taken from his mates, and died

in childhood, ere he was full twelve years old.

fair is the spot, most beautiful the vale

where he was born: the grassy church-yard hangs

upon a slope above the village school;

395

and through that church-yard when my way has led

on summer evenings, i believe that there

a long half-hour together i have stood

mute—looking at the grave in which he lies!

even now appears before the mind’s clear eye

400

that self-same village church; i see her sit

(the throned lady whom erewhile we hailed)

on her green hill, forgetful of this boy

who slumbers at her feet, forgetful, too,

of all her silent neighbourhood of graves,

405

and listening only to the gladsome sounds

that, from the rural school ascending, play

beneath her, and about her. may she long

behold a race of young ones like to those

with whom i herded! (easily, indeed,

410

we might have fed upon a fatter soil

of arts and letters, but be that forgiven)

a race of real children; not too wise,

too learned, or too good: but wanton, fresh,

and bandied up and down by love and hate;

415

not unresentful where self-justified;

fierce, moody, patient, venturous, modest, shy;

mad at their sports like withered leaves in winds:

though doing wrong and suffering, and full oft

bending beneath our life’s mysterious weight

420

of pain, and doubt, and fear; yet yielding not

in happiness to the happiest upon earth.

simplicity in habit, truth in speech,

be these the daily strengtheners of their minds!

may books and nature be their early joy!

425

and knowledge, rightly honored with that name,

the prelude (1824–1829) 213

knowledge not purchased by the loss of power!

well do i call to mind the very week

when i was first entrusted to the care

of that sweet valley; when its paths, its shores,

430

and brooks were like a dream of novelty

to my half-infant thoughts,—that very week,

while i was roving up and down alone,

seeking i knew not what, i chanced to cross

one of those open fields, which, shaped like ears,

435

make green peninsulas on esthwaite’s lake.

twilight was coming on, yet, through the gloom,

appeared distinctly on the opposite shore

a heap of garments, as if left by one

who might have there been bathing. long i watched,

440

but no one owned them; meanwhile, the calm lake

grew dark, with all the shadows on its breast,

and, now and then, a fish upleaping snapped

the breathless stillness. the succeeding day,

those unclaimed garments, telling a plain tale,

445

drew to the spot an anxious crowd; some looked

in passive expectation from the shore,

while from a boat others hung o’er the deep,

sounding with grappling irons and long poles.

at last, the dead man, ’mid that beauteous scene

450

of trees and hills and water, bolt upright

rose with his ghastly face: a spectre shape

of terror, yet no soul-debasing fear,

young as i was, a child not nine years old,

possessed me; for my inner eye had seen

455

such sights before, among the shining streams

of fairey land, the forests of romance;

their spirit hallowed the sad spectacle

with decoration and ideal grace;

a dignity, a smoothness, like the works

460

of grecian art, and purest poesy.

a precious treasure i had long possessed,

a little, yellow, canvas-covered book,

a slender abstract of the arabian tales;

and, from companions in a new abode,

465

214 the poems of william wordsworth

when first i learnt that this dear prize of mine

was but a block hewn from a mighty quarry—

that there were four large volumes, laden all

with kindred matter, ’twas to me, in truth,

a promise scarcely earthly. instantly,

470

with one not richer than myself, i made

a covenant that each should lay aside

the monies he possessed, and hoard up more,

till our joint savings had amassed enough

to make this book our own. through several months,

475

in spite of all temptation, we preserved

religiously that vow, but firmness failed;

nor were we ever masters of our wish.

and when thereafter to my father’s house

the holidays returned me, there to find

480

that golden store of books which i had left,

what joy was mine! how often, in the course

of those glad respites, though a soft west wind

ruffled the waters to the angler’s wish

for a whole day together, have i lain

485

down by thy side, o derwent, murmuring stream!

on the hot stones, and in the glaring sun,

and there have read, devouring as i read,

defrauding the day’s glory, desperate!

till, with a sudden bound of smart reproach,

490

such as an idler deals with in his shame,

i to the sport betook myself again.

a gracious spirit o’er this earth presides,

and o’er the heart of man: invisibly

it comes, to works of unreproved delight,

495

and tendency benign, directing those

who care not, know not, think not what they do.

the tales that charm away the wakeful night

in araby,—romances, legends, penned

for solace, by dim light of monkish lamps;

500

fictions, for ladies of their love, devised

by youthful squires; adventures endless, spun

by the dismantled warrior in old age

out of the bowels of those very schemes

the prelude (1824–1829) 215

in which his youth did first extravagate;

505

these spread like day, and something in the shape

of these will live till man shall be no more.

dumb yearnings, hidden appetites are ours,

and they must have their food; our childhood sits,

our simple childhood sits upon a throne

510

that hath more power than all the elements.

i guess not what this tells of being past,

nor what it augurs of the life to come,

but so it is; and, in that dubious hour,

that twilight when we first begin to see

515

this dawning earth, to recognize, expect;

and, in the long probation that ensues,

the time of trial, ere we learn to live

in reconcilement with our stinted powers,

to endure this state of meagre vassalage;

520

unwilling to forego, confess, submit,

uneasy and unsettled; yoke-fellows

to custom, mettlesome, and not yet tamed

and humbled down—oh! then we feel, we feel,

we know where we have friends.—ye dreamers, then,

525

forgers of daring tales! we bless you then,

impostors, drivellers, dotards, as the ape

philosophy will call you; then we feel

with what, and how great might ye are in league,

who make our wish our power, our thought a deed,

530

an empire, a possession; ye whom time

and seasons serve; all faculties,—to whom

earth crouches, the elements are potter’s clay,

space like a heaven filled up with northern lights,

here, no where, there, and every where at once.

535

relinquishing this lofty eminence

for ground, though humbler, not the less a tract

of the same isthmus which our spirits cross

in progress from their native continent

to earth and human life, the song might dwell

540

on that delightful time of growing youth

when craving for the marvellous gives way

to strengthening love for things that we have seen;

216 the poems of william wordsworth

when sober truth and steady sympathies

offered to notice by less daring pens

545

take firmer hold of us; and words themselves

move us with conscious pleasure.

i am sad

at thought of raptures now for ever flown;

almost to tears i sometimes could be sad

to think of, to read over, many a page,

550

poems withal of name, which at that time

did never fail to entrance me, and are now

dead in my eyes, dead as a theatre

fresh emptied of spectators. twice five years,

or less, i might have seen, when first my mind

555

with conscious pleasure opened to the charm

of words in tuneful order, found them sweet

for their own sakes, a passion and a power;

and phrases pleased me, chosen for delight,

for pomp, or love. oft in the public roads

560

yet unfrequented, while the morning light

was yellowing the hill-tops, i went abroad

with a dear friend, and for the better part

of two delightful hours we strolled along

by the still borders of the misty lake,

565

repeating favourite verses with one voice,

or conning more,—as happy as the birds

that round us chaunted. well might we be glad,

lifted above the ground by airy fancies

more bright than madness or the dreams of wine;

570

and, though full oft the objects of our love

were false, and in their splendour overwrought,

yet was there, surely, then no vulgar power

working within us, nothing less, in truth,

than that most noble attribute of man,

575

though yet untutored and inordinate,

that wish for something loftier, more adorned,

than is the common aspect, daily garb

of human life. what wonder then, if sounds

of exultation echoed through the groves!

580

for images, and sentiments, and words,

the prelude (1824–1829) 217

and every thing encountered or pursued

in that delicious world of poesy,

kept holiday; a never-ending shew,

with music, incense, festival, and flowers!

585

here must we pause; this only let me add,

from heart-experience, and in humblest sense

of modesty, that he, who, in his youth,

a daily wanderer among woods and fields,

with living nature hath been intimate,

590

not only in that raw unpractised time

is stirred to extasy, as others are,

by glittering verse; but, further, doth receive,

in measure only dealt out to himself,

knowledge and increase of enduring joy

595

from the great nature that exists in works

of mighty poets. visionary power

attends the motions of the viewless winds

embodied in the mystery of words:

there darkness makes abode, and all the host

600

of shadowy things work endless changes there,

as in a mansion like their proper home.

even forms and substances are circumfused

by that transparent veil with light divine;

and, through the turnings intricate of verse,

605

present themselves as objects recognized,

in flashes, and with glory not their own.

thus far a scanty record is deduced

of what lowed to books in early life;

their later influence yet remains untold;

610

but as this work was taking in my mind

proportions that seemed larger than had first

been meditated, i was indisposed

to any further progress, at a time

when these acknowledgments were left unpaid.

615

book sixth

cambridge, and the alps

the leaves were fading, when to esthwaite’s banks

and the simplicities of cottage life

218 the poems of william wordsworth

i bade farewell; and, one among the youth

who, summoned by that season, reunite

as scattered birds troop to the fowler’s lure,

5

went back to granta’s cloisters; not so prompt

or eager, though as gay and undepressed

in mind, as when i thence had taken flight,

a few short months before. i turned my face,

without repining, from the coves and heights

10

clothed in the sunshine of their withering fern;

quitted, not loth, the mild magnificence

of calmer lakes, and louder streams;—and you,

frank-hearted maids of rocky cumberland,

you, and your not unwelcome days of mirth,

15

relinquished, and your nights of revelry;

and in my own unlovely cell sate down

in lightsome mood,—such privilege has youth

that cannot take long-leave of pleasant thoughts.

the bonds of indolent society

20

relaxing in their hold, henceforth i lived

more to myself. two winters may be passed

without a separate notice: many books

were skimmed, devoured, or studiously perused,

but with no settled plan. i was detached

25

internally from academic cares;

yet independent study seemed a course

of hardy disobedience toward friends

and kindred, proud rebellion and unkind.

this spurious virtue,—rather let it bear

30

a name it more deserves,—this cowardise

gave treacherous sanction to that over-love

of freedom, which encouraged me to turn

from regulations even of my own,

as from restraints and bonds. yet who can tell,

35

who knows, what thus may have been gained both then

and at a later season, or preserved;

what love of nature, what original strength

of contemplation, what intuitive truths,

the deepest and the best, what keen research

40

unbiassed, unbewildered, and unawed?

the prelude (1824–1829) 219

the poet’s soul was with me at that time,

sweet meditations, the still overflow

of present happiness, while future years

lacked not anticipations, tender dreams

45

no few of which have since been realized;

and some remain hopes for my future life.

four years and thirty, told this very week,

have i been now a sojourner on earth,

by sorrow not unsmitten, yet for me

50

life’s morning radiance hath not left the hills,

her dew is on the flowers. those were the days

which also first emboldened me to trust

with firmness, hitherto but lightly touched

by such a daring thought, that i might leave

55

some monument behind me which pure hearts

should reverence. the instinctive humbleness,

maintained even by the very name and thought

of printed books and authorship, began

to melt away: and further, the dread awe

60

of mighty names was softened down, and seemed

approachable, admitting fellowship

of modest sympathy. such aspect now,

though not familiarly, my mind put on,

content to observe, to admire, and to enjoy.

65

all winter long, whenever free to chuse,

did i by night frequent the college groves

and tributary walks; the last and oft

the only one who had been lingering there

through hours of silence; till the porter’s bell,

70

a punctual follower on the stroke of nine,

rang with its blunt unceremonious voice,

inexorable summons! lofty elms,

inviting shades of opportune recess,

bestowed composure on a neighbourhood

75

unpeaceful in itself. a single tree,

with sinuous trunk, boughs exquisitely wreathed,

grew there—an ash which winter for himself

decked as in pride, and with outlandish grace.

up from the ground, and almost to the top,

80

220 the poems of william wordsworth

the trunk and every master branch were green

with clustering ivy, and the lightsome twigs

and outer spray profusely tipped with seeds

that hung in yellow tassels, while the air

stirred them, not voiceless. often have i stood

85

foot-bound, uplooking at this lovely tree

beneath a frosty moon. the hemisphere

of magic fiction, verse of mine perchance

may never tread, but scarcely spenser’s self

could have more tranquil visions in his youth,

90

nor could more bright appearances create

of human forms with superhuman powers,

than i beheld loitering on calm clear nights,

alone, beneath this fairy work of earth.

on the vague reading of a truant youth

95

’twere idle to descant. my inner judgment

not seldom differed from my taste in books

as if it appertained to another mind.

and yet the books which then i valued most

are dearest to me now; for, having scanned,

100

not heedlessly, the laws, and watched the forms

of nature, in that knowledge i possessed

a standard, often usefully applied,

even when unconsciously, to things removed

from a familiar sympathy.—in fine,

105

i was a better judge of thoughts than words;

misled, in estimating words, not only

by common inexperience of youth,

but by the trade in classic niceties,

the dangerous craft of culling term and phrase

110

from languages that want the living voice

to carry meaning to the natural heart;

to tell us what is passion, what is truth,

what reason, what simplicity and sense.

yet may we not entirely overlook

115

the pleasure gathered from the rudiments

of geometric science. though advanced

in these enquiries, with regret i speak,

no farther than the threshold, there i found

the prelude (1824–1829) 221

both elevation and composed delight.

120

with indian awe and wonder, ignorance pleased

with its own struggles, did i meditate

on the relation those abstractions bear

to nature’s laws, and by what process led

those immaterial agents bowed their heads

125

duly to serve the mind of earth-born man

from star to star, from kindred sphere to sphere,

from system on to system without end.

more frequently from the same source i drew

a pleasure quiet and profound, a sense

130

of permanent and universal sway

and paramount belief: there recognized

a type, for finite natures, of the one

supreme existence, the surpassing life

which, to the boundaries of space and time,

135

of melancholy space and doleful time,

superior, and incapable of change,

nor touched by welterings of passion, is,

and hath the name of god. transcendent peace

and silence did await upon these thoughts

140

that were a frequent comfort to my youth.

’tis told by one whom stormy waters threw

with fellow-sufferers, by the shipwreck spared,

upon a desert coast, that, having brought

to land a single volume, saved by chance,

145

a treatise of geometry, he wont,

although of food and clothing destitute

and beyond common wretchedness depressed,

to part from company, and take this book

(then first a self-taught pupil in its truths)

150

to spots remote, and draw his diagrams

with a long staff upon the sand, and thus

did oft beguile his sorrow, and almost

forget his feeling: so (if like effect

from the same cause produced, ’mid outward things

155

so different, may rightly be compared),

so was it then with me, and so will be

with poets, ever. mighty is the charm

222 the poems of william wordsworth

of those abstractions to a mind beset

with images, and haunted by herself;

160

and specially delightful unto me

was that clear synthesis, built up aloft

so gracefully! even then when it appeared

not more than a mere play-thing, or a toy

to sense embodied; not the thing it is

165

in verity, an independent world

created out of pure intelligence.

such dispositions then were mine, unearned

by aught, i fear, of genuine desert,

mine, through heaven’s grace, and inborn aptitudes.

170

and, not to leave the story of that time

imperfect, with these habits must be joined

moods melancholy, fits of spleen, that loved

a pensive sky, sad days, and piping winds,

the twilight more than dawn, autumn than spring,

175

a treasured and luxurious gloom, of choice

and inclination mainly, and the mere

redundancy of youth’s contentedness.

— to time thus spent, add multitudes of hours

pilfered away, by what the bard, who sang

180

of the enchanter indolence, hath called

“good-natured lounging,” and behold a map

of my collegiate life,—far less intense

than duty called for, or, without regard

to duty, might have sprung up of itself

185

by change of accidents,—or even, to speak

without unkindness, in another place;

yet why take refuge in that plea?—the fault,

this i repeat, was mine, mine be the blame.

in summer, making quest for works of art

190

or scenes renowned for beauty, i explored

that streamlet whose blue current works its way

between romantic dovedale’s spiry rocks,

pryed into yorkshire dales, or hidden tracts

of my own native region, and was blest

195

between these sundry wanderings with a joy

above all joys, that seemed another morn

the prelude (1824–1829) 223

risen on mid noon; blest with the presence, friend!

of that sole sister, she who hath been long

dear to thee also, thy true friend, and mine,

200

now after separation desolate

restored to me, such absence that she seemed

a gift then first bestowed. the varied banks

of emont, hitherto unnamed in song,

and that monastic castle ’mid tall trees

205

low-standing by the margin of the stream,

a mansion visited (as fame reports)

by sidney; where, in sight of our helvellyn

or stormy cross-fell, snatches he might pen

of his arcadia, by fraternal love

210

inspired;—that river and those mouldering towers

have seen us side by side when, having clomb

the darksome windings of a broken stair,

and crept along a ridge of fractured wall,

not without trembling, we in safety looked

215

forth through some gothic window’s open space,

and gathered with one mind a rich reward

from the far-stretching landscape, by the light

of morning beautified, or purple eve:

or, not less pleased, lay on some turret’s head,

220

catching from tufts of grass and hare-bell flowers

their faintest whisper, to the passing breeze

given out while mid-day heat oppressed the plains.

—another maid there was, who also shed

a gladness o’er that season, then to me,

225

by her exulting outside look of youth,

and placid under countenance, first endeared;

that other spirit, coleridge! who is now

so near to us, that meek confiding heart

so reverenced by us both. o’er paths and fields

230

in all that neighbourhood, through narrow lanes

of eglantine, and through the shady woods,

and o’er the border beacon, and the waste

of naked pools, and common crags that lay

exposed on the bare fell, were scattered love,

235

the spirit of pleasure, and youth’s golden gleam.

224 the poems of william wordsworth

o friend! we had not seen thee at that time;

and yet a power is on me, and a strong

confusion, and i seem to plant thee there.—

far art thou wandered now in search of health,

240

and milder breezes, melancholy lot!

but thou art with us, with us in the past,

the present, with us in the times to come:

there is no grief, no sorrow, no despair,

no languor, no dejection, no dismay,

245

no absence scarcely can there be, for those

who love as we do. speed thee well! divide

with us thy pleasure; thy returning strength,

receive it daily as a joy of ours;

share with us thy fresh spirits, whether gift

250

of gales etesian, or of tender thoughts.

i too have been a wanderer; but, alas!

how different the fate of different men!

though mutually unknown, yea nursed and reared

as if in several elements, we were framed

255

to bend at last to the same discipline,

predestined, if two beings ever were,

to seek the same delights, and have one health,

one happiness. throughout this narrative,

else sooner ended, i have borne in mind

260

for whom it registers the birth, and marks the growth,

of gentleness, simplicity, and truth,

and joyous loves that hallow innocent days

of peace and self-command. of rivers, fields,

and groves, i speak to thee, my friend: to thee

265

who, yet a liveried school-boy, in the depths

of the huge city, on the leaded roof

of that wide edifice, thy school and home,

wert used to lie, and gaze upon the clouds

moving in heaven; or, of that pleasure tired,

270

to shut thine eyes, and by internal light

see trees, and meadows, and thy native stream

far distant, thus beheld from year to year

of a long exile. nor could i forget,

in this late portion of my argument,

275

the prelude (1824–1829) 225

that scarcely, as my term of pupilage

ceased, had i left those academic bowers

when thou wert thither guided. from the heart

of london, and from cloisters there, thou cam’st,

and didst sit down in temperance and peace,

280

a rigorous student. what a stormy course

then followed! oh! it is a pang that calls

for utterance, to think what easy change

of circumstances might to thee have spared

a world of pain, ripened a thousand hopes

285

for ever withered. through this retrospect

of my collegiate life, i still have had

thy after-sojourn in the self-same place

present before my eyes; have played with times

and accidents as children do with cards,

290

or as a man, who, when his house is built,

a frame locked up in wood and stone, doth still,

as impotent fancy prompts, by his fire-side

rebuild it to his liking. i have thought

of thee, thy learning, gorgeous eloquence,

295

and all the strength and plumage of thy youth,

thy subtile speculations, toils abstruse

among the schoolmen, and platonic forms

of wild ideal pageantry, shaped out

from things well-matched or ill, and words for things,

300

the self-created sustenance of a mind

debarred from nature’s living images,

compelled to be a life unto herself,

and unrelentingly possessed by thirst

of greatness, love, and beauty. not alone,

305

ah! surely not in singleness of heart,

should i have seen the light of evening fade

from smooth cam’s silent waters, had we met

even at that early time: needs must i trust

in the belief that my maturer age,

310

my calmer habits, and more steady voice,

would with an influence benign have soothed

or chased away the airy wretchedness

that battened on thy youth. but thou hast trod,

226 the poems of william wordsworth

in watchful meditation thou hast trod,

315

a march of glory, which doth put to shame

these vain regrets: health suffers in thee, else

such grief for thee would be the weakest thought

that ever harboured in the breast of man.

a passing word erewhile did lightly touch

320

on wanderings of my own, that now embraced,

with livelier hope, a region wider far.

when the third summer freed us from restraint,

a youthful friend, he too a mountaineer,

not slow to share my wishes, took his staff,

325

and, sallying forth, we journeyed, side by side,

bound to the distant alps. a hardy slight

did this unprecedented course imply

of college studies and their set rewards;

nor had, in truth, the scheme been formed by me

330

without uneasy forethought of the pain,

the censures, and ill-omening of those

to whom my worldly interests were dear.

but nature then was sovereign in my mind,

and mighty forms, seizing a youthful fancy,

335

had given a charter to irregular hopes.

in any age of uneventful calm

among the nations, surely would my heart

have been possessed by similar desire;

but europe at that time was thrilled with joy,

340

france standing on the top of golden hours,

and human nature seeming born again.

lightly equipped, and but a few brief looks

cast on the white cliffs of our native shore

from the receding vessel’s deck, we chanced

345

to land at calais on the very eve

of that great federal day; and there we saw,

in a mean city, and among a few,

how bright a face is worn when joy of one

is joy for tens of millions. southward thence

350

we held our way direct, through hamlets, towns,

gaudy with reliques of that festival,

flowers left to wither on triumphal arcs,

the prelude (1824–1829) 227

and window-garlands. on the public roads,

and, once, three days successively, through paths

355

by which our toilsome journey was abridged,

among sequestered villages we walked,

and found benevolence and blessedness

spread like a fragrance every where, when spring

hath left no corner of the land untouched.

360

where elms for many and many a league in files

with their thin umbrage, on the stately roads

of that great kingdom, rustled o’er our heads,

for ever near us as we paced along;

how sweet at such a time, with such delights

365

on every side, in prime of youthful strength,

to feed a poet’s tender melancholy

and fond conceit of sadness, with the sound

of undulations varying as might please

the wind that swayed them! once, and more than once,

370

unhoused beneath the evening star we saw

dances of liberty, and, in late hours

of darkness, dances in the open air

deftly prolonged, though grey-haired lookers-on

might waste their breath in chiding.

under hills,

375

the vine-clad hills and slopes of burgundy,

upon the bosom of the gentle saone

we glided forward with the flowing stream;

swift rhone! thou wert the wings on which we cut

a winding passage with majestic ease

380

between thy lofty rocks. enchanting shew

those woods, and farms, and orchards did present,

and single cottages, and lurking towns,

reach after reach, succession without end

of deep and stately vales! a lonely pair

385

of strangers, till day closed, we sailed along,

clustered together with a merry crowd

of those emancipated; a blithe host

of travellers, chiefly delegates, returning

from the great spousals newly solemnized

390

at their chief city, in the sight of heaven.

228 the poems of william wordsworth

like bees they swarmed, gaudy and gay as bees;

some vapoured in the unruliness of joy

and, with their swords, flourished, as if to fight

the saucy air. in this proud company

395

we landed, took with them our evening meal,

guests welcome almost as the angels were

to abraham of old. the supper done,

with flowing cups elate and happy thoughts,

we rose at signal given, and formed a ring

400

and, hand in hand, danced round and round the board:

all hearts were open, every tongue was loud

with amity and glee; we bore a name

honored in france, the name of englishmen,

and hospitably did they give us hail!

405

as their forerunners in a glorious course;

and round and round the board we danced again.

with these blithe friends our voyage we renewed

at early dawn. the monastery bells

made a sweet jingling in our youthful ears;

410

the rapid river flowing without noise,

and each uprising or receding spire

spake with a sense of peace, at intervals

touching the heart, amid the boisterous crew

by whom we were encompassed. taking leave

415

of this glad throng, foot-travellers side by side,

measuring our steps in quiet we pursued

our journey, and, ere twice the sun had set,

beheld the convent of chartreuse, and there

rested within an awful solitude.

420

yes, for even then no other than a place

of soul-affecting solitude appeared

that far-famed region, though our eyes had seen,

as toward the sacred mansion we advanced,

arms flashing, and a military glare

425

of riotous men commissioned to expel

the blameless inmates; and belike subvert

that frame of social being, which so long

had bodied forth the ghostliness of things

in silence visible, and perpetual calm.

430

the prelude (1824–1829) 229

—“stay, stay your sacrilegious hands!”—the voice

was nature’s, uttered from her alpine throne;

i heard it then, and seem to hear it now:

“your impious work forbear; perish what may,

let this one temple last, be this one spot

435

of earth devoted to eternity!”

she ceased to speak; but while st bruno’s pines

waved their dark tops, not silent as they waved;

and while below, along their several beds,

murmured the sister streams of life and death,

440

thus by conflicting passions pressed, my heart

responded, “honor to the patriot’s zeal!

glory and hope to new-born liberty!

hail to the mighty projects of the time!

discerning sword that justice wields, do thou

445

go forth and prosper; and ye purging fires

up to the loftiest towers of pride ascend,

fanned by the breath of angry providence;

but oh! if past and future be the wings

on whose support harmoniously conjoined

450

moves the great spirit of human knowledge, spare

these courts mysterious, where a step advanced

between the portals of the shadowy rocks

leaves far behind life’s treacherous vanities,

for penitential tears and trembling hopes

455

exchanged—to equalize in god’s pure sight

monarch and peasant: be the house redeemed

with its unworldly votaries, for the sake

of conquest over sense hourly atchieved

through faith and meditative reason, resting

460

upon the word of heaven-imparted truth

calmly triumphant; and for humbler claim

of that imaginative impulse sent

from these majestic floods, yon shining cliffs,

the untransmuted shapes of many worlds,

465

cerulean ether’s pure inhabitants;

these forests unapproachable by death,

that shall endure as long as man endures

to think, to hope, to worship, and to feel,

230 the poems of william wordsworth

to struggle, to be lost within himself

470

in trepidation; from the blank abyss

to look with bodily eyes, and be consoled.”

not seldom since that moment have i wished

that thou, o friend! the trouble or the calm

hadst shared, when, from profane regards apart,

475

in sympathetic reverence we trod

the floor of those dim cloisters, till that hour,

from their foundation, strangers to the presence

of unrestricted and unthinking man.

abroad, how chearingly the sunshine lay

480

upon the open lawns! vallombre’s groves

entering, we fed the soul with darkness, thence

issued, and with uplifted eyes beheld,

in different quarters of the bending sky,

the cross of jesus stand erect, as if

485

hands of angelic powers had fixed it there,

memorial reverenced by a thousand storms;

yet then, from the undiscriminating sweep

and rage of one state-whirlwind, insecure.

’tis not my present purpose to retrace

490

that variegated journey step by step;

a march it was of military speed,

and earth did change her images and forms

before us, fast as clouds are changed in heaven.

day after day, up early and down late,

495

from hill to vale we dropped—from vale to hill

mounted,—from province on to province swept—

keen hunters in a chase of fourteen weeks,

eager as birds of prey, or as a ship

upon the stretch when winds are blowing fair.

500

sweet coverts did we cross of pastoral life,

enticing vallies, greeted them and left

too soon, while yet the very flash and gleam

of salutation were not passed away.

oh! sorrow for the youth who could have seen

505

unchastened, unsubdued, unawed, unraised

to patriarchal dignity of mind

and pure simplicity of wish and will,

the prelude (1824–1829) 231

those sanctified abodes of peaceful man;

pleased (though to hardship born, and compassed round

510

with danger, varying as the seasons change),

pleased with his daily tasks, or, if not pleased,

contented, from the moment that the dawn,

ah! surely not without attendant gleams

of soul-illumination, calls him forth

515

to industry, by glistenings flung on rocks

whose evening shadows lead him to repose.

well might a stranger look with bounding heart

down on a green recess, the first i saw

of those deep haunts, an aboriginal vale,

520

quiet, and lorded over, and possessed

by naked huts, wood-built and sown like tents,

or indian cabins over the fresh lawns

and by the river side. that very day,

from a bare ridge we also first beheld

525

unveiled the summit of mont blanc, and grieved

to have a soulless image on the eye

which had usurped upon a living thought

that never more could be. the wondrous vale

of chamouny stretched far below, and soon

530

with its dumb cataracts, and streams of ice,

a motionless array of mighty waves,

five rivers broad and vast, made rich amends,

and reconciled us to realities.

there small birds warble from the leafy trees,

535

the eagle soars high in the element;

there doth the reaper bind the yellow sheaf,

the maiden spread the hay-cock in the sun,

while winter like a well-tamed lion walks,

descending from the mountain to make sport

540

among the cottages by beds of flowers.

whate’er in this wide circuit we beheld,

or heard, was fitted to our unripe state

of intellect and heart. with such a book

before our eyes we could not chuse but read

545

lessons of genuine brotherhood, the plain

and universal reason of mankind,

232 the poems of william wordsworth

the truths of young and old. nor, side by side

pacing, two social pilgrims, or alone

each with his humour, could we fail to abound

550

in dreams and fictions pensively composed,

dejection taken up for pleasure’s sake,

and gilded sympathies; the willow wreath,

and sober posies of funereal flowers

gathered, among those solitudes sublime,

555

from formal gardens of the lady sorrow,

did sweeten many a meditative hour.

yet still in me with those soft luxuries

mixed something of stern mood, an under thirst

of vigor seldom utterly allayed.

560

and from that source how different a sadness

would issue, let one incident make known.

when from the vallais we had turned, and clomb

along the simplon’s steep and rugged road,

following a band of muleteers, we reached

565

a halting-place where all together took

their noon-tide meal. hastily rose our guide,

leaving us at the board; awhile we lingered,

then paced the beaten downward way that led

right to a rough stream’s edge and there broke off.

570

the only track now visible was one

that from the torrent’s further brink held forth

conspicuous invitation to ascend

a lofty mountain. after brief delay

crossing the unbridged stream, that road we took

575

and clomb with eagerness, till anxious fears

intruded, for we failed to overtake

our comrades gone before. by fortunate chance,

while every moment added doubt to doubt,

a peasant met us, from whose mouth we learned

580

that to the spot which had perplexed us first

we must descend, and there should find the road,

which in the stony channel of the stream

lay a few steps, and then along its banks,

and that our future course, all plain to sight,

585

was downwards, with the current of that stream.

the prelude (1824–1829) 233

loth to believe what we so grieved to hear,

for still we had hopes that pointed to the clouds,

we questioned him again, and yet again;

but every word that from the peasant’s lips

590

came in reply, translated by our feelings,

ended in this, that we had crossed the alps.

imagination—here the power so called

through sad incompetence of human speech—

that awful power rose from the mind’s abyss

595

like an unfathered vapour that enwraps

at once some lonely traveller. i was lost,

halted without an effort to break through;

but to my conscious soul i now can say,

“i recognize thy glory”; in such strength

600

of usurpation, when the light of sense

goes out, but with a flash that has revealed

the invisible world, doth greatness make abode,

there harbours, whether we be young or old;

our destiny, our being’s heart and home,

605

is with infinitude, and only there;

with hope it is, hope that can never die,

effort, and expectation, and desire,

and something evermore about to be.

under such banners militant the soul

610

seeks for no trophies, struggles for no spoils,

that may attest her prowess, blest in thoughts

that are their own perfection and reward,

strong in herself, and in beatitude

that hides her like the mighty flood of nile

615

poured from his fount of abyssinian clouds

to fertilize the whole egyptian plain.

the melancholy slackening that ensued

upon those tidings by the peasant given

was soon dislodged; downwards we hurried fast

620

and, with the half-shaped road, which we had missed,

entered a narrow chasm. the brook and road

were fellow-travellers in this gloomy strait,

and with them did we journey several hours

at a slow pace. the immeasurable height

625

234 the poems of william wordsworth

of woods decaying, never to be decayed,

the stationary blasts of waterfalls,

and in the narrow rent at every turn

winds thwarting winds, bewildered and forlorn,

the torrents shooting from the clear blue sky,

630

the rocks that muttered close upon our ears,

black drizzling crags that spake by the way-side

as if a voice were in them, the sick sight

and giddy prospect of the raving stream,

the unfettered clouds, and region of the heavens,

635

tumult and peace, the darkness and the light—

were all like workings of one mind, the features

of the same face, blossoms upon one tree,

characters of the great apocalypse,

the types and symbols of eternity,

640

of first and last, and midst, and without end.

that night our lodging was a house that stood

alone within the valley, at a point

where tumbling from aloft a torrent swelled

the rapid stream whose margin we had trod;

645

a dreary mansion large beyond all need,

with high and spacious rooms, deafened and stunned

by noise of waters, making innocent sleep

lie melancholy among weary bones.

uprisen betimes, our journey we renewed,

650

led by the stream, ere noon-day magnified

into a lordly river, broad and deep,

dimpling along in silent majesty;

with mountains for its neighbours, and in view

of distant mountains and their snowy tops;

655

and thus proceeding to locarna’s lake,

fit resting-place for such a visitant.

—locarna, spreading out in width like heaven,

how dost thou cleave to the poetic heart,

bask in the sunshine of the memory!

660

and como, thou a treasure whom the earth

keeps to herself, confined as in a depth

of abyssinian privacy! i spake

of thee, thy chestnut woods, and garden plots

the prelude (1824–1829) 235

of indian corn tended by dark-eyed maids,

665

thy lofty steeps, and pathways roofed with vines

winding from house to house, from town to town,

sole link that binds them to each other, walks

league after league, and cloistral avenues

where silence dwells, if music be not there;

670

while yet a youth undisciplined in verse,

through fond ambition of that hour, i strove

to chaunt your praise, nor can approach you now

ungreeted by a more melodious song

where tones of nature smoothed by learned art

675

may flow in lasting current. like a breeze

or sunbeam, over your domain i passed

in motion without pause, but ye have left

your beauty with me, a serene accord

of forms and colors, passive, yet endowed

680

in their submissiveness with power as sweet

and gracious, almost might i dare to say,

as virtue is, or goodness; sweet as love

or the remembrance of a generous deed,

or mildest visitations of pure thought

685

when god, the giver of all joy, is thanked

religiously, in silent blessedness,

sweet as this last herself, for such it is.

with those delightful pathways we advanced

for two days’ space in presence of the lake,

690

that, stretching far among the alps, assumed

a character more stern. the second night,

from sleep awakened, and misled by sound

of the church clock telling the hours with strokes

whose import then we had not learned, we rose

695

by moon-light, doubting not that day was nigh,

and that, meanwhile, by no uncertain path

along the winding margin of the lake

led as before, we should behold the scene

hushed in profound repose. we left the town

700

of gravedona with this hope; but soon

were lost, bewildered among woods immense,

and on a rock sate down, to wait for day.

236 the poems of william wordsworth

an open place it was, and overlooked,

from high, the sullen water far beneath,

705

on which a dull red image of the moon

lay bedded, changing oftentimes its form

like an uneasy snake. from hour to hour

we sate, and sate, wondering, as if the night

had been ensnared by witchcraft. on the rock

710

at last we stretched our weary limbs for sleep,

but could not sleep,—tormented by the stings

of insects, which with noise like that of noon

filled all the woods. the cry of unknown birds;

the mountains, more by blackness visible

715

and their own size, than any outward light;

the breathless wilderness of clouds; the clock

that told with unintelligible voice

the widely-parted hours; the noise of streams;

and sometimes rustling motions nigh at hand

720

that did not leave us free from personal fear;

and lastly the withdrawing moon, that set

before us while she still was high in heaven;

these were our food; and such a summer night

followed that pair of golden days, that shed

725

on como’s lake and all that round it lay

their fairest, softest, happiest influence.

but here i must break off, and bid farewell

to days each offering some new sight, or fraught

with some untried adventure, in a course

730

prolonged till sprinklings of autumnal snow

checked our unwearied steps. let this alone

be mentioned as a parting word, that not

in hollow exultation, dealing out

hyperboles of praise comparative,

735

not rich one moment to be poor for ever,

not prostrate, overborne, as if the mind

herself were nothing, a mere pensioner

on outward forms, did we in presence stand

of that magnificent region. on the front

740

of this whole song is written, that my heart

must in such temple needs have offered up

the prelude (1824–1829) 237

a different worship. finally, whate’er

i saw, or heard, or felt, was but a stream

that flowed into a kindred stream; a gale

745

confederate with the current of the soul

to speed my voyage; every sound or sight,

in its degree of power, administered

to grandeur or to tenderness, to the one

directly, but to tender thoughts, by means

750

less often instantaneous in effect:

led me to these by paths that in the main

were more circuitous, but not less sure

duly to reach the point marked out by heaven.

oh! most beloved friend, a glorious time,

755

a happy time that was; triumphant looks

were then the common language of all eyes:

as if awaked from sleep, the nations hailed

their great expectancy: the fife of war

was then a spirit-stirring sound indeed,

760

a black-bird’s whistle in a budding grove.

we left the swiss exulting in the fate

of their near neighbours: and, when shortening fast

our pilgrimage, nor distant far from home,

we crossed the brabant armies, on the fret

765

for battle in the cause of liberty.

a stripling, scarcely of the household then

of social life, i looked upon these things

as from a distance; heard, and saw, and felt,

was touched, but with no intimate concern;

770

i seemed to move among them, as a bird

moves through the air, or as a fish pursues

its sport or feeds in its proper element;

i wanted not that joy, i did not need

such help; the ever-living universe,

775

turn where i might, was opening out its glories;

and the independent spirit of pure youth

called forth, at every season, new delights

spread round my steps like sunshine o’er green fields.

238 the poems of william wordsworth

book seventh

residence in london

six changeful years have vanished since i first

poured out (saluted by that quickening breeze

which met me issuing from the city’s walls)

a glad preamble to this verse: i sang

aloud with fervour irresistible

5

of short-lived transport,—like a torrent bursting

from a black thunder cloud, down scafell’s side

to rush and disappear. but soon broke forth

(so willed the muse) a less impetuous stream

that flowed awhile with unabating strength,

10

then stopped for years; not audible again

before last primrose-time. beloved friend!

the assurance which then cheared some heavy thoughts

on thy departure to a foreign land

has failed,—too slowly moves the promised work;

15

through the whole summer have i been at rest,

partly from voluntary holiday

and part through outward hinderance. but i heard,

after the hour of sunset yestereven,

sitting within doors between light and dark,

20

a choir of redbreasts, gathered somewhere near

my threshold, minstrels from the distant woods

sent in on winter’s service, to announce,

with preparation artful and benign,

that the rough lord had left the surly north

25

on his accustomed journey. the delight

due to this timely notice unawares

smote me, and, listening, i in whispers said,

“ye heartsome choristers, ye and i will be

associates, and unscared by blustering winds

30

will chaunt together.” thereafter, as the shades

of twilight deepened, going forth i spied

a glow-worm underneath a dusky plume

or canopy of yet unwithered fern

clear-shining, like a hermit’s taper seen

35

through a thick forest. silence touched me here

no less than sound had done before; the child

the prelude (1824–1829) 239

of summer, lingering, shining by herself,

the voiceless worm on the unfrequented hills,

seemed sent on the same errand with the choir

40

of winter that had warbled at my door;

and the whole year breathed tenderness and love.

the last night’s genial feeling overflowed

upon this morning, and my favourite grove,

tossing in sunshine its dark boughs aloft

45

as if to make the strong wind visible,

wakes in me agitations like its own,

a spirit friendly to the poet’s task,

which we will now resume with lively hope,

nor checked by aught of tamer argument

50

that lies before us, needful to be told.

returned from that excursion, soon i bade

farewell for ever to the sheltered seats

of gowned students, quitted hall and bower

and every comfort of that privileged ground,

55

well pleased to pitch a vagrant tent among

the unfenced regions of society.

yet undetermined to what course of life

i should adhere, and seeming to possess

a little space of intermediate time

60

at full command, to london first i turned,

in no disturbance of excessive hope,

by personal ambition unenslaved,

frugal as there was need, and, though self-willed,

from dangerous passions free. three years had flown

65

since i had felt in heart and soul the shock

of the huge town’s first presence, and had paced

her endless streets, a transient visitant.

now, fixed amid that concourse of mankind

where pleasure whirls about incessantly,

70

or life and labour seem but one, i filled

an idler’s place—an idler well content

to have a house (what matter for a home?)

that owned him; living chearfully abroad,

with unchecked fancy ever on the stir,

75

and all my young affections out of doors.

240 the poems of william wordsworth

there was a time, when whatsoe’er is feigned

of airy palaces and gardens built

by genii of romance; or hath in grave

authentic history been set forth of rome,

80

alcairo, babylon, or persepolis,

or given upon report by pilgrim friars

of golden cities ten months’ journey deep

among tartarean wilds, fell short, far short,

of what my fond simplicity believed

85

and thought of london; held me by a chain

less strong of wonder and obscure delight.

whether the bolt of childhood’s fancy shot

for me beyond its ordinary mark,

’twere vain to ask, but in our flock of boys

90

was one, a cripple from his birth, whom chance

summoned from school to london; fortunate

and envied traveller! when the boy returned

after short absence, curiously i scanned

his mien and person, nor was free, in sooth,

95

from disappointment, not to find some change

in look and air, from that new region brought

as if from fairy land. much i questioned him,

and every word he uttered, on my ears

fell flatter than a caged parrot’s note,

100

that answers unexpectedly awry,

and mocks the prompter’s listening. marvellous things

had vanity (quick spirit that appears

almost as deeply seated and as strong

in a child’s heart as fear itself) conceived

105

for my enjoyment. would that i could now

recal what then i pictured to myself

of mitred prelates, lords in ermine clad,

the king and the king’s palace, and, not last

nor least, heaven bless him! the renowned lord mayor;

110

dreams not unlike to those which once begot

a change of purpose in young whittington

when he, a friendless and a drooping boy,

sate on a stone, and heard the bells speak out

articulate music. above all, one thought

115

the prelude (1824–1829) 241

baffled my understanding, how men lived

even next-door neighbours, as we say, yet still

strangers, nor knowing each the other’s name.

—oh wondrous power of words, by simple faith

licenced to take the meaning that we love!

120

vauxhall and ranelagh, i then had heard

of your green groves, and wilderness of lamps

dimming the stars, fire-works magical,

and gorgeous ladies under splendid domes

floating in dance, or warbling high in air

125

the songs of spirits! nor had fancy fed

with less delight upon that other class

of marvels, broad-day wonders permanent;

the river proudly bridged; the dizzy top

and whispering gallery of st paul’s; the tombs

130

of westminster; the giants of guildhall;

bedlam, and those carved maniacs at her gates

perpetually recumbent; statues, man

and the horse under him, in gilded pomp,

adorning flowery gardens ’mid vast squares;

135

the monument, and that chamber of the tower

where england’s sovereigns sit in long array

their steeds bestriding, every mimic shape

cased in the gleaming mail the monarch wore,

whether for gorgeous tournament addressed

140

or life, or death, upon the battle field.

those bold imaginations in due time

had vanished, leaving others in their stead;

and now i looked upon the living scene,

familiarly perused it, oftentimes,

145

in spite of strongest disappointment, pleased

through courteous self-submission, as a tax

paid to the object by prescriptive right.

rise up, thou monstrous ant-hill on the plain

of a too busy world! before me flow,

150

thou endless stream of men and moving things!

thy every day appearance as it strikes—

with wonder heightened or sublimed by awe—

on strangers, of all ages,—the quick dance

242 the poems of william wordsworth

of colors, lights, and forms; the deafening din;

155

the comers and the goers face to face,

face after face; the string of dazzling wares,

shop after shop, with symbols, blazoned names,

and all the tradesman’s honors overhead;

here, fronts of houses, like a title-page,

160

with letters huge inscribed from top to toe:

stationed above the door, like guardian saints,

there, allegoric shapes, female or male;

or physiognomies of real men,

land-warriors, kings, or admirals of the sea,

165

boyle, shakespeare, newton; or the attractive head

of some quack-doctor, famous in his day.

meanwhile the roar continues, till at length,

escaped as from an enemy, we turn

abruptly into some sequestered nook,

170

still as a sheltered place when winds blow loud!

at leisure thence through tracts of thin resort,

and sights and sounds that come at intervals,

we take our way: a raree-shew is here,

with children gathered round; another street

175

presents a company of dancing-dogs;

or dromedary, with an antic pair

of monkies on his back,—a minstrel band

of savoyards,—or, single and alone,

an english ballad-singer. private courts,

180

gloomy as coffins; and unsightly lanes

thrilled by some female vendor’s scream, belike

the very shrillest of all london cries,

may then entangle our impatient steps

conducted through those labyrinths unawares

185

to priviledged regions and inviolate,

where, from their airy lodges, studious lawyers

look out on waters, walks, and gardens green.

thence back into the throng, until we reach,

following the tide that slackens by degrees,

190

some half-frequented scene where wider streets

bring straggling breezes of suburban air.

here files of ballads dangle from dead walls;

the prelude (1824–1829) 243

advertisements of giant size from high

press forward in all colors on the sight;

195

these bold in conscious merit, lower down

that, fronted with a most imposing word,

is, peradventure, one in masquerade.

as on the broadening causeway we advance,

behold, turned upwards, a face hard and strong

200

in lineaments, and red with overtoil;

’tis one encountered here and every-where,

a travelling cripple by the trunk cut short,

and stumping on his arms. in sailor’s garb,

another lies at length beside a range

205

of well-formed characters, with chalk inscribed

upon the smooth flat stones: the nurse is here,

the bachelor that loves to sun himself,

the military idler, and the dame

that fieldward takes her walk, with decent steps.

210

now homeward through the thickening hubbub, where

see, among less distinguishable shapes,

the begging scavenger, with hat in hand;

the italian, as he thrids his way with care,

steadying, far-seen, a frame of images

215

upon his head; with basket at his waist

the jew; the stately and slow-moving turk

with freight of slippers piled beneath his arm!

—enough—the mighty concourse i surveyed

with no unthinking mind, well pleased to note

220

among the crowd, all specimens of man,

through all the colors which the sun bestows

and every character of form and face;

the swede, the russian; from the genial south,

the frenchman and the spaniard; from remote

225

america, the hunter-indian; moors,

malays, lascars, the tartar, the chinese,

and negro ladies in white muslin gowns.

at leisure then i viewed from day to day

the spectacles within doors—birds and beasts

230

of every nature, and strange plants convened

from every clime; and next, those sights that ape

244 the poems of william wordsworth

the absolute presence of reality,

expressing, as in mirror, sea and land,

and what earth is, and what she hath to shew.

235

i do not here allude to subtlest craft

by means refined attaining purest ends,

but imitations fondly made in plain

confession of man’s weakness and his loves;

whether the painter, whose ambitious skill

240

submits to nothing less than taking in

a whole horizon’s circuit, do, with power

like that of angels or commissioned spirits,

fix us upon some lofty pinnacle,

or in a ship on waters, with a world

245

of life, and life-like mockery, beneath,

above, behind, far-stretching, and before;

or more mechanic artist represent

by scale exact, in model, wood or clay,

from blended colors also borrowing help,

250

some miniature of famous spots or things,

st peter’s church, or, more aspiring aim,

in microscopic vision rome herself;

or haply some choice rural haunt, the falls

of tivoli, and high upon that steep

255

the sybil’s mouldering temple! every tree,

villa—or cottage lurking among rocks

throughout the landscape, tuft, stone, scratch minute—

all that the traveller sees when he is there.

add to these exhibitions, mute and still,

260

others of wider scope, where living men,

music, and shifting pantomimic scenes

diversified the allurement. need i fear

to mention by its name, as in degree

lowest of these, and humblest in attempt,

265

yet richly graced with honors of her own,

half-rural sadler’s wells? though at that time

intolerant, as is the way of youth,

unless itself be pleased, here more than once

taking my seat, i saw (nor blush to add,

270

with ample recompense) giants and dwarfs,

the prelude (1824–1829) 245

clowns, conjurers, posture-masters, harlequins,

amid the uproar of the rabblement,

perform their feats. nor was it mean delight

to watch crude nature work in untaught minds;

275

to note the laws and progress of belief;

though obstinate on this way, yet on that

how willingly we travel, and how far!

to have, for instance, brought upon the scene

the champion jack the giant-killer—lo!

280

he dons his coat of darkness; on the stage

walks, and achieves his wonders, from the eye

of living mortal covert, as the moon

“hid in her vacant interlunar cave.”

delusion bold! and how can it be wrought?

285

the garb he wears is black as death, the word

invisible flames forth upon his chest!

here too were “forms and pressures of the time,”

rough, bold, as grecian comedy displayed

when art was young, dramas of living men;

290

and recent things yet warm with life—a sea-fight,

ship-wreck, or some domestic incident

divulged by truth, and magnified by fame,

such as the daring brotherhood, of late,

set forth, too serious theme for that light place!

295

i mean, o distant friend! a story drawn

from our own ground, the maid of buttermere,

and how, unfaithful to a virtuous wife

deserted and deceived, the spoiler came,

and wooed the artless daughter of the hills,

300

and wedded her, in cruel mockery

of love and marriage bonds. these words to thee

must needs bring back the moment when we first,

ere the broad world rang with the maiden’s name,

beheld her serving at the cottage inn,

305

both stricken, as she entered or withdrew,

with admiration of her modest mien

and carriage, marked by unexampled grace.

not unfamiliarly we since that time

have seen her; her discretion have observed,

310

246 the poems of william wordsworth

her just opinions, delicate reserve,

her patience, and humility of mind

unspoiled by commendation, and the excess

of public notice—an offensive light

to a meek spirit, suffering inwardly.

315

from this memorial tribute, to my theme

i was returning, when with sundry forms

commingled, shapes which meet me in the way

that we must tread, thy image rose again,

maiden of buttermere! she lives in peace,

320

upon the spot where she was born and reared;

without contamination doth she live

in quietness, without anxiety.

beside the mountain chapel sleeps in earth

her new-born infant, fearless as a lamb

325

that, thither driven from some unsheltered place,

rests underneath the little rock-like pile

when storms are raging. happy are they both—

mother and child! these feelings, in themselves

trite, do yet scarcely seem so when i think

330

on those ingenuous moments of our youth

ere we have learnt by use to slight the crimes

and sorrows of the world. those simple days

are now my theme, and, foremost of the scenes

which yet survive in memory, appears

335

one at whose centre sate a lovely boy,

a sportive infant, who, for six months’ space,

not more, had been of age to deal about

articulate prattle; child as beautiful

as ever clung around a mother’s neck,

340

or father fondly gazed upon with pride!

there too, conspicuous for stature tall

and large dark eyes, beside her infant stood

the mother—but, upon her cheeks diffused,

false tints too well accorded with the glare

345

from play-house lustres thrown without reserve

on every object near. the boy had been

the pride and pleasure of all lookers-on

in whatsoever place; but seemed in this

the prelude (1824–1829) 247

a sort of alien scattered from the clouds.

350

of lusty vigour, more than infantine,

he was in limb, in cheek a summer rose

just three parts blown—a cottage child, if e’er

by cottage-door on breezy mountain side,

or in some sheltering vale, was seen a babe

355

by nature’s gifts so favored. upon a board

decked with refreshments had this child been placed,

his little stage in the vast theatre,

and there he sate, surrounded with a throng

of chance spectators, chiefly dissolute men

360

and shameless women; treated and caressed,

ate, drank, and with the fruit and glasses played,

while oaths and laughter and indecent speech

were rife about him as the songs of birds

contending after showers. the mother now

365

is fading out of memory, but i see

the lovely boy as i beheld him then,

among the wretched and the falsely gay,

like one of those who walked with hair unsinged

amid the fiery furnace. charms and spells

370

muttered on black and spiteful instigation

have stopped, as some believe, the kindliest growths;

ah, with how different spirit might a prayer

have been preferred, that this fair creature, checked

by special privilege of nature’s love,

375

should in his childhood be detained for ever!

but with its universal freight the tide

hath rolled along, and this bright innocent,

mary! may now have lived till he could look

with envy on thy nameless babe, that sleeps,

380

beside the mountain chapel, undisturbed!

four rapid years had scarcely then been told

since, travelling southward from our pastoral hills,

i heard, and for the first time in my life,

the voice of woman utter blasphemy;

385

saw woman as she is to open shame

abandoned, and the pride of public vice.

i shuddered, for a barrier seemed at once

248 the poems of william wordsworth

thrown in, that from humanity divorced

humanity, splitting the race of man

390

in twain, yet leaving the same outward form.

distress of mind ensued upon the sight,

and ardent meditation. later years

brought to such spectacle a milder sadness,

feelings of pure commiseration, grief

395

for the individual, and the overthrow

of her soul’s beauty; farther i was then

but seldom led, or wished to go; in truth

the sorrow of the passion stopped me there.

but let me now, less moved, in order take

400

our argument. enough is said to shew

how casual incidents of real life,

observed where pastime only had been sought,

outweighed, or put to flight, the set events

and measured passions of the stage, albeit

405

by siddons trod in the fullness of her power.

yet was the theatre my dear delight;

the very gilding, lamps and painted scrolls,

and all the mean upholstery of the place

wanted not animation when the tide

410

of pleasure ebbed but to return as fast

with the ever shifting figures of the scene,

solemn or gay: whether some beauteous dame

advanced in radiance through a deep recess

of thick entangled forest, like the moon

415

opening the clouds; or sovereign king, announced

with flourishing trumpet, came in full-blown state

of the world’s greatness, winding round with train

of courtiers, banners, and a length of guards;

or captive led in abject weeds, and jingling

420

his slender manacles; or romping girl

bounced, leapt, and pawed the air; or mumbling sire,

a scare-crow pattern of old age, dressed up

in all the tatters of infirmity

all loosely put together, hobbled in

425

stumping upon a cane, with which he smites,

from time to time, the solid boards, and makes them

the prelude (1824–1829) 249

prate somewhat loudly of the whereabout

of one so overloaded with his years.

but what of this? the laugh, the grin, grimace,

430

the antics striving to outstrip each other,

were all received, the least of them not lost,

with an unmeasured welcome. through the night,

between the shew, and many-headed mass

of the spectators, and each several nook

435

filled with its fray or brawl, how eagerly,

and with what flashes, as it were, the mind

turned this way, that way! sportive and alert,

and watchful, as a kitten when at play

while winds are eddying round her, among straws

440

and rustling leaves. enchanting age and sweet!

romantic almost, looked at through a space

how small of intervening years! for then,

though surely no mean progress had been made

in meditations holy and sublime,

445

yet something of a girlish child-like gloss

of novelty survived for scenes like these;

enjoyment haply handed down from times

when at a country-playhouse, some rude barn

tricked out for that proud use, if i perchance

450

caught on a summer evening, through a chink

in the old wall, an unexpected glimpse

of daylight, the bare thought of where i was

gladdened me more than if i had been led

into a dazzling cavern of romance,

455

crowded with genii busy among works

not to be looked at by the common sun.

the matter that detains us now may seem

to many neither dignified enough

nor arduous; yet will not be scorned by them

460

who, looking inward, have observed the ties

that bind the perishable hours of life

each to the other, and the curious props

by which the world of memory and thought

exists, and is sustained. more lofty themes,

465

such as at least do wear a prouder face,

250 the poems of william wordsworth

solicit our regard; but when i think

of these i feel the imaginative power

languish within me; even then it slept

when, pressed by tragic sufferings, the heart

470

was more than full;—amid my sobs and tears

it slept, even in the pregnant season of youth:

for though i was most passionately moved,

and yielded to all changes of the scene

with an obsequious promptness, yet the storm

475

passed not beyond the suburbs of the mind;

save when realities of act and mien,

the incarnation of the spirits that move

in harmony amid the poet’s world,

rose to ideal grandeur, or, called forth

480

by power of contrast, made me recognize,

as at a glance, the things which i had shaped,

and yet not shaped, had seen, and scarcely seen,

when, having closed the mighty shakespeare’s page,

i mused, and thought, and felt in solitude.

485

pass we from entertainments that are such

professedly, to others titled higher,

yet, in the estimate of youth at least,

more near akin to those than names imply;

i mean the brawls of lawyers in their courts

490

before the ermined judge; or that great stage

where senators, tongue-favored men, perform,

admired and envied. oh! the beating heart,

when one among the prime of these rose up,

one, of whose name from childhood we had heard

495

familiarly, a household term, like those,

the bedfords, glo’sters, salisburys of old

whom the fifth harry talks of. silence! hush!

this is no trifler, no short-flighted wit,

no stammerer of a minute, painfully

500

delivered, no! the orator hath yoked

the hours, like young aurora, to his car:

thrice welcome presence! how can patience e’er

grow weary of attending on a track

that kindles with such glory! all are charmed,

505

the prelude (1824–1829) 251

astonished; like a hero in romance,

he winds away his never-ending horn;

words follow words, sense seems to follow sense;

what memory and what logic! till the strain

transcendent, superhuman as it seemed,

510

grows tedious even in a young man’s ear.

—genius of burke! forgive the pen seduced

by specious wonders, and too slow to tell

of what the ingenuous, what bewildered men

beginning to mistrust their boastful guides,

515

and wise men, willing to grow wiser, caught,

rapt auditors! from thy most eloquent tongue—

now mute, for ever mute, in the cold grave.

i see him, old but vigorous in age,

stand, like an oak whose stag-horn branches start

520

out of its leafy brow, the more to awe

the younger brethren of the grove. but some—

while he forewarns, denounces, launches forth,

against all systems built on abstract rights,

keen ridicule; the majesty proclaims

525

of institutes and laws hallowed by time;

declares the vital power of social ties

endeared by custom; and with high disdain

exploding upstart theory, insists

upon the allegiance to which men are born—

530

some—say at once a froward multitude—

murmur (for truth is hated, where not loved)

as the winds fret within the eolian cave,

galled by their monarch’s chain. the times were big

with ominous change which, night by night, provoked

535

keen struggles, and black clouds of passion raised;

but memorable moments intervened

when wisdom, like the goddess from jove’s brain,

broke forth in armour of resplendent words,

startling the synod. could a youth, and one

540

in ancient story versed, whose breast had heaved

under the weight of classic eloquence,

sit, see, and hear, unthankful, uninspired?

nor did the pulpit’s oratory fail

252 the poems of william wordsworth

to achieve its higher triumph. not unfelt

545

were its admonishments, nor lightly heard

the awful truths delivered thence by tongues

endowed with various power to search the soul;

yet ostentation, domineering, oft

poured forth harangues, how sadly out of place!

550

there have i seen a comely bachelor,

fresh from a toilette of two hours, ascend

his rostrum, with seraphic glance look up;

and, in a tone elaborately low

beginning, lead his voice through many a maze,

555

a minuet course; and, winding up his mouth,

from time to time, into an orifice

most delicate, a lurking eyelet, small

and only not invisible, again

open it out, diffusing thence a smile

560

of rapt irradiation, exquisite.

meanwhile the evangelists, isaiah, job,

moses, and he who penned, the other day,

the death of abel, shakespear, and the bard

whose genius spangled o’er a gloomy theme

565

with fancies thick as his inspiring stars;

and ossian (doubt not, ’tis the naked truth)

summoned from streamy morven, each and all

would in their turn lend ornaments and flowers

to entwine the crook of eloquence that helped

570

this pretty shepherd, pride of all the plains,

to rule, and guide his captivated flock.

i glance but at a few conspicuous marks;

leaving a thousand others that in hall,

court, theatre, conventicle, or shop,

575

in public room or private, park or street,

each fondly reared on his own pedestal,

looked out for admiration. folly, vice,

extravagance in gesture, mien, and dress,

and all the strife of singularity; .

580

lies to the ear, and lies to every sense,

of these, and of the living shapes they wear,

there is no end. such candidates for regard,

the prelude (1824–1829) 253

although well pleased to be where they were found,

i did not hunt after, nor greatly prize,

585

nor made unto myself a secret boast

of reading them with quick and curious eye;

but as a common produce, things that are

today—tomorrow will be, took of them

such willing note as, on some errand bound

590

that asks not speed, a traveller might bestow

on sea-shells that bestrew the sandy beach,

or daisies swarming through the fields of june.

but foolishness and madness in parade,

though most at home in this their dear domain,

595

are scattered every where; no rarities

even to the rudest novice of the schools.

me rather it employed to note, and keep

in memory, those individual sights

of courage, or integrity, or truth,

600

or tenderness, which, there set off by foil,

appeared more touching. one will i select,

a father—for he bore that sacred name!

him saw i sitting in an open square,

upon a corner-stone of that low wall

605

wherein were fixed the iron pales that fenced

a spacious grass-plot: there in silence sate

this one man, with a sickly babe outstretched

upon his knee, whom he had thither brought

for sunshine, and to breathe the fresher air.

610

of those who passed, and me who looked at him,

he took no heed; but in his brawny arms

(the artificer was to the elbow bare,

and from his work this moment had been stolen)

he held the child, and, bending over it,

615

as if he were afraid both of the sun

and of the air which he had come to seek,

eyed the poor babe with love unutterable.

as the black storm upon the mountain top

sets off the sunbeam in the valley, so

620

that huge fermenting mass of human-kind

serves as a solemn background or relief

254 the poems of william wordsworth

to single forms and objects, whence they draw,

for feeling and contemplative regard,

more than inherent liveliness and power.

625

how oft amid those overflowing streets

have i gone forward with the crowd, and said

unto myself, “the face of every one

that passes by me is a mystery!”

thus have i looked, nor ceased to look, oppressed

630

by thoughts of what and whither, when and how,

until the shapes before my eyes became

a second-sight procession, such as glides

over still mountains, or appears in dreams.

and once, far-travelled in such mood, beyond

635

the reach of common indication, lost

amid the moving pageant, i was smitten

abruptly with the view (a sight not rare)

of a blind beggar who, with upright face,

stood propped against a wall; upon his chest

640

wearing a written paper to explain

his story, whence he came, and who he was.

caught by the spectacle, my mind turned round

as with the might of waters; an apt type

this label seemed, of the utmost we can know

645

both of ourselves and of the universe;

and on the shape of that unmoving man,

his steadfast face, and sightless eyes, i gazed

as if admonished from another world.

though reared upon the base of outward things,

650

structures like these the excited spirit mainly

builds for herself. scenes different there are,

full-formed, that take, with small internal help,

possession of the faculties—the peace

that comes with night; the deep solemnity

655

of nature’s intermediate hours of rest,

when the great tide of human life stands still,

the business of the day to come—unborn,

of that gone by—locked up as in the grave;

the blended calmness of the heavens and earth,

660

moonlight, and stars, and empty streets, and sounds

the prelude (1824–1829) 255

unfrequent as in deserts: at late hours

of winter evenings when unwholesome rains

are falling hard, with people yet astir,

the feeble salutation from the voice

665

of some unhappy woman, now and then

heard as we pass; when no one looks about,

nothing is listened to. but these, i fear,

are falsely catalogued; things that are, are not,

as the mind answers to them, or the heart

670

is prompt or slow to feel. what say you, then,

to times when half the city shall break out

full of one passion, vengeance, rage, or fear?

to executions, to a street on fire,

mobs, riots, or rejoicings? from these sights

675

take one, that annual festival, the fair

holden where martyrs suffered in past time,

and named of st bartholomew; there see

a work completed to our hands, that lays,

if any spectacle on earth can do,

680

the whole creative powers of man asleep!

for once the muse’s help will we implore,

and she shall lodge us, wafted on her wings,

above the press and danger of the crowd,

upon some shewman’s platform. what a shock

685

for eyes and ears! what anarchy and din

barbarian and infernal—a phantasma

monstrous in color, motion, shape, sight, sound!

below, the open space, through every nook

of the wide area, twinkles, is alive

690

with heads; the midway region and above

is thronged with staring pictures, and huge scrolls,

dumb proclamations of the prodigies!

with chattering monkeys dangling from their poles,

and children whirling in their roundabouts;

695

with those that stretch the neck, and strain the eyes;

and crack the voice in rivalship, the crowd

inviting; with buffoons against buffoons

grimacing, writhing, screaming, him who grinds

the hurdy-gurdy, at the fiddle weaves,

700

256 the poems of william wordsworth

rattles the salt-box, thumps the kettle-drum;

and him who at the trumpet puffs his cheeks;

the silver-collared negro with his timbrel;

equestrians, tumblers, women, girls, and boys,

blue-breeched, pink-vested, with high-towering plumes.

705

—all moveables of wonder from all parts

are here, albinos, painted-indians, dwarfs,

the horse of knowledge, and the learned pig,

the stone-eater, the man that swallows fire—

giants; ventriloquists, the invisible-girl,

710

the bust that speaks, and moves its goggling eyes,

the wax-work, clock-work, all the marvellous craft

of modern merlins, wild-beasts, puppet-shews,

all out-o’th’-way, far-fetched, perverted things,

all freaks of nature, all promethean thoughts

715

of man; his dullness, madness, and their feats,

all jumbled up together, to compose

a parliament of monsters. tents and booths,

meanwhile, as if the whole were one vast mill,

are vomiting, receiving, on all sides,

720

men, women, three-years’ children, babes in arms.

oh blank confusion! true epitome

of what the mighty city is herself

to thousands upon thousands of her sons,

living amid the same perpetual whirl

725

of trivial objects, melted and reduced

to one identity, by differences

that have no law, no meaning, and no end;

oppression under which even highest minds

must labour, whence the strongest are not free!

730

but though the picture weary out the eye,

by nature an unmanageable sight,

it is not wholly so to him who looks

in steadiness, who hath among least things

an undersense of greatest; sees the parts

735

as parts, but with a feeling of the whole.

this, of all acquisitions first, awaits

on sundry and most widely different modes

of education; nor with least delight

the prelude (1824–1829) 257

on that through which i passed. attention springs,

740

and comprehensiveness and memory flow,

from early converse with the works of god,

among all regions; chiefly where appear

most obviously simplicity and power.

think, how the everlasting streams and woods,

745

stretched and still stretching far and wide, exalt

the roving indian: on his desart sands

what grandeur not unfelt, what pregnant show

of beauty meets the sun-burnt arab’s eye!

and as the sea propels from zone to zone

750

its currents, magnifies its shoals of life

beyond all compass spread, and sends aloft

armies of clouds, even so, its powers and aspects

shape for mankind, by principles as fixed,

the views and aspirations of the soul

755

to majesty. like virtue have the forms

perennial of the ancient hills; nor less

the changeful language of their countenances

quickens the slumbering mind, and aids the thoughts,

however multitudinous, to move

760

with order and relation. this, if still,

as hitherto, in freedom i may speak,

and the same perfect openness of mind,

not violating any just restraint,

as may be hoped, of real modesty,

765

this did i feel in london’s vast domain;

the spirit of nature was upon me there;

the soul of beauty and enduring life

vouchsafed her inspiration; and diffused,

through meagre lines and colours, and the press

770

of self-destroying transitory things,

composure, and ennobling harmony.

book eighth

retrospect, love of nature leading to love of man

what sounds are those, helvellyn, that are heard

up to thy summit? through the depth of air

ascending, as if distance had the power

258 the poems of william wordsworth

to make the sounds more audible; what crowd

covers, or sprinkles o’er, yon village green?

5

crowd seems it, solitary hill! to thee,

though but a little family of men,

shepherds and tillers of the ground—betimes

assembled with their children and their wives,

and here and there a stranger interspersed.

10

they hold a rustic fair:—a festival

such as, on this side now and now on that,

repeated through his tributary vales,

helvellyn, in the silence of his rest,

sees annually, if clouds towards either ocean

15

blown from their favorite resting-place, or mists

dissolved have left him an unshrouded head.

delightful day it is for all who dwell

in this secluded glen, and eagerly

they give it welcome. long ere heat of noon,

20

from byre or field the kine were brought; the sheep

are penned in cotes, the chaffering is begun.

the heifer lows, uneasy at the voice

of a new master; bleat the flocks aloud;

booths are there none; a stall or two is here;

25

a lame man, or a blind, the one to beg,

the other to make music; hither, too,

from far, with basket slung upon her arm

of hawker’s wares, books, pictures, combs, and pins,

some aged woman finds her way again,

30

year after year, a punctual visitant!

there also stands a speech-maker by rote,

pulling the strings of his boxed raree-shew;

and in the lapse of many years may come

prouder itinerant, mountebank, or he

35

whose wonders in a covered wain lie hid.

but one there is, the loveliest of them all,

some sweet lass of the valley, looking out

for gains, and who that sees her would not buy?

fruits of her father’s orchard are her wares,

40

and with the ruddy produce she walks round

among the crowd, half-pleased with, half-ashamed

the prelude (1824–1829) 259

of her new office, blushing restlessly.

the children now are rich, for the old today

are generous as the young, and if, content

45

with looking on, some ancient wedded pair

sit in the shade together, while they gaze,

“a cheerful smile unbends the wrinkled brow,

the days departed start again to life,

and all the scenes of childhood reappear,

50

faint, but more tranquil, like the changing sun

to him who slept at noon and wakes at eve.”

thus gaiety and cheerfulness prevail,

spreading from young to old, from old to young,

and no one seems to want his part.—immense

55

is the recess, the circumambient world

magnificent by which they are embraced.

they move about upon the soft green turf:

how little they, they and their doings seem,

and all that they can further or obstruct!

60

through utter weakness pitiably dear,

as tender infants are: and yet how great!

for all things serve them: them the morning light

loves as it glistens on the silent rocks,

and them the silent rocks, which now from high

65

look down upon them: the reposing clouds,

the wild brooks prattling from invisible haunts,

and old helvellyn, conscious of the stir

which animates this day their calm abode.

with deep devotion, nature, did i feel,

70

in that enormous city’s turbulent world

of men and things, what benefit lowed

to thee and those domains of rural peace

where to the sense of beauty first my heart

was opened; tract more exquisitely fair

75

than that famed paradise of ten thousand trees,

or gehol’s matchless gardens, for delight

of the tartarian dynasty, composed

(beyond that mighty wall, not fabulous,

  “these lines are from a descriptive poem—‘malvern hills’—by one of mr. wordsworth’s

oldest friends, mr. joseph cottle.” this note appears in the first edition of the prelude,

850, prepared for the press by his nephew christopher wordsworth, jr.

260 the poems of william wordsworth

china’s stupendous mound) by patient toil

80

of myriads and boon nature’s lavish help;

there, in a clime from widest empire chosen,

fulfilling (could enchantment have done more?)

a sumptuous dream of flowery lawns, with domes

of pleasure sprinkled over, shady dells

85

for eastern monasteries, sunny mounts

with temples crested, bridges, gondolas,

rocks, dens;—and groves of foliage taught to melt

into each other their obsequious hues,

vanished and vanishing in subtile chase,

90

too fine to be pursued; or standing forth

in no discordant opposition, strong

and gorgeous as the colors side by side

bedded among rich plumes of tropic birds;

and mountains over all, embracing all;

95

and all the landscape endlessly enriched

with waters running, falling, or asleep.

but lovelier far than this the paradise

where i was reared; in nature’s primitive gifts

favoured no less, and more to every sense

100

delicious, seeing that the sun and sky,

the elements, and seasons as they change,

do find a worthy fellow-labourer there;

man free, man working for himself, with choice

of time, and place, and object; by his wants,

105

his comforts, native occupations, cares,

chearfully led to individual ends

or social, and still followed by a train

unwooed, unthought-of even, simplicity

and beauty, and inevitable grace.

110

yea, when a glimpse of those imperial bowers

would to a child be transport over-great,

when but a half-hour’s roam through such a place

would leave behind a dance of images

that shall break in upon his sleep for weeks;

115

even then the common haunts of the green earth

and ordinary interests of man

which they embosom, all without regard

the prelude (1824–1829) 261

as both may seem, are fastening on the heart

insensibly, each with the other’s help.

120

for me, when my affections first were led

from kindred, friends, and playmates, to partake

love for the human creature’s absolute self,

that noticeable kindliness of heart

sprang out of fountains, there abounding most,

125

where sovereign nature dictated the tasks

and occupations which her beauty adorned;

and shepherds were the men that pleased me first.

not such as saturn ruled ’mid latian wilds,

with laws and arts so tempered, that their lives

130

left, even to us toiling in this late day,

a bright tradition of the golden age;

not such as, ’mid arcadian fastnesses

sequestered, handed down among themselves

felicity in grecian song renowned;—

135

nor such as, when an adverse fate had driven

from house and home the courtly band, whose fortunes

entered, with shakespeare’s genius, the wild woods

of arden, amid sunshine or in shade,

culled the best fruits of time’s uncounted hours,

140

ere phœbe sighed for the false ganymede;

or there, where perdita and florizel

together danced, queen of the feast and king;

nor such as spenser fabled.— true it is

that i had heard (what he perhaps had seen)

145

of maids at sunrise, bringing in from far

their may-bush, and along the street in flocks

parading with a song of taunting rhymes

aimed at the laggards slumbering within doors;

had also heard, from those who yet remembered,

150

tales of the may-pole dance, and wreaths that decked

porch, door-way, or kirk-pillar; and of youths,

each with his maid, before the sun was up,

by annual custom issuing forth in troops

to drink the waters of some sainted well

155

and hang it round with garlands. love survives,

but for such purpose flowers no longer grow.

262 the poems of william wordsworth

the times too sage, perhaps too proud, have dropped

these lighter graces; and the rural ways

and manners which my childhood looked upon

160

were the unluxuriant produce of a life

intent on little but substantial needs,

yet rich in beauty, beauty that was felt.

but images of danger and distress,

man suffering among awful powers and forms;

165

of this i heard and saw enough to make

imagination restless; nor was free

myself from frequent perils, nor were tales

wanting, the tragedies of former times,

hazards and strange escapes, of which the rocks

170

immutable, and everflowing streams,

where’er i roamed, were speaking monuments.

smooth life had flock and shepherd in old time,

long springs and tepid winters, on the banks

of delicate galesus; and no less

175

those scattered along adria’s myrtle shores;

smooth life had herdsman, and his snow-white herd,

to triumphs and to sacrificial rites

devoted, on the inviolable stream

of rich clitumnus; and the goatherd lived

180

as calmly, underneath the pleasant brows

of cool lucretilis, where the pipe was heard

of pan, invisible god, thrilling the rocks

with tutelary music, from all harm

the fold protecting. i myself, mature

185

in manhood then, have seen a pastoral tract

like one of these, where fancy might run wild,

though under skies less generous, less serene.

there, for her own delight, had nature framed

a pleasure-ground, diffused a fair expanse

190

of level pasture, islanded with groves

and banked with woody risings; but the plain

endless; here opening widely out, and there

shut up in lesser lakes or beds of lawn

and intricate recesses, creek, or bay

195

sheltered within a shelter, where at large

the prelude (1824–1829) 263

the shepherd strays, a rolling hut his home.

thither he comes with spring-time, there abides

all summer, and at sunrise ye may hear

his flagelet to liquid notes of love

200

attuned, or spritely fife resounding far.

nook is there none, nor strait of that vast space

where passage opens, but the same shall have

in turn its visitant, telling there his hours

in unlaborious pleasure, with no task

205

more toilsome than to carve a beechen bowl

for spring or fountain, which the traveller finds

when through the region he pursues at will

his devious course. a glimpse of such sweet life

i saw when, from the melancholy walls

210

of goslar, once imperial! i renewed

my daily walk along that wide champaign,

that, reaching to her gates, spreads east and west,

and northwards, from beneath the mountainous verge

of the hercynian forest. yet hail to you,

215

moors, mountains, headlands, and ye hollow vales,

ye long deep channels for the atlantic’s voice,

powers of my native region.— ye that seize

the heart with firmer grasp! your snows and streams

ungovernable, and your terrifying winds

220

that howl so dismally for him who treads,

companionless, your awful solitudes!

there ’tis the shepherd’s task, the winter long,

to wait upon the storms: of their approach

sagacious, into sheltering coves he drives

225

his flock, and thither from the homestead bears

a toilsome burden up the craggy ways,

and deals it out, their regular nourishment

strewn on the frozen snow. and when the spring

looks out, and all the pastures dance with lambs,

230

and when the flock, with warmer weather, climbs

higher and higher, him his office leads

to watch their goings, whatsoever track

the wanderers chuse. for this he quits his home

at day-spring, and no sooner doth the sun

235

264 the poems of william wordsworth

begin to strike him with a fire-like heat

than he lies down upon some shining rock

and breakfasts with his dog. when they have stolen,

as is their wont, a pittance from strict time,

for rest, not needed, or exchange of love,

240

then from his couch he starts; and now his feet

crush out a livelier fragrance from the flowers

of lowly thyme, by nature’s skill enwrought

in the wild turf: the lingering dews of morn

smoke round him, as from hill to hill he hies,

245

his staff portending like a hunter’s spear,

or by its aid leaping from crag to crag

and o’er the brawling beds of unbridged streams.

philosophy, methinks, at fancy’s call

might deign to follow him through what he does

250

or sees in his day’s march; himself he feels,

in those vast regions where his service lies,

a freeman; wedded to his life of hope

and hazard, and hard labour interchanged

with that majestic indolence so dear

255

to native man. a rambling school-boy, thus

i felt his presence in his own domain

as of a lord and master; or a power

or genius, under nature, under god

presiding; and severest solitude

260

had more commanding looks when he was there.

when up the lonely brooks on rainy days

angling i went, or trod the trackless hills

by mists bewildered, suddenly mine eyes

have glanced upon him distant a few steps,

265

in size a giant, stalking through thick fog,

his sheep like greenland bears; or, as he stepped

beyond the boundary line of some hill-shadow,

his form hath flashed upon me, glorified

by the deep radiance of the setting sun:

270

or him have i descried in distant sky,

a solitary object and sublime,

above all height! like an aerial cross

stationed alone upon a spiry rock

the prelude (1824–1829) 265

of the chartreuse, for worship. thus was man

275

ennobled outwardly before my sight,

and thus my heart was early introduced

to an unconscious love and reverence

of human nature; hence the human form

to me became an index of delight,

280

of grace, and honor, power, and worthiness.

meanwhile this creature, spiritual almost

as those of books, but more exalted far;

far more of an imaginative form

than the gay corin of the groves, who lives

285

for his own fancies, or to dance by the hour

in coronal, with phillis in the midst—

was, for the purposes of kind, a man

with the most common; husband, father; learned,

could teach, admonish, suffered with the rest

290

from vice and folly, wretchedness and fear;

of this i little saw, cared less for it;

but something must have felt.

call ye these appearances

which i beheld of shepherds in my youth,

this sanctity of nature given to man—

295

a shadow, a delusion, ye who pore

on the dead letter, miss the spirit of things;

whose truth is not a motion or a shape

instinct with vital functions, but a block

or waxen image which yourselves have made,

300

and ye adore. but blessed be the god

of nature and of man, that this was so,

that men before my inexperienced eyes

did first present themselves thus purified,

removed, and to a distance that was fit.

305

and so we all of us in some degree

are led to knowledge, whencesoever led

and howsoever; were it otherwise,

and we found evil fast as we find good

in our first years, or think that it is found,

310

how could the innocent heart bear up and live?

but doubly fortunate my lot; not here

266 the poems of william wordsworth

alone, that something of a better life

perhaps was round me than it is the privilege

of most to move in, but that first i looked

315

at man through objects that were great or fair,

first communed with him by their help. and thus

was founded a sure safeguard and defence

against the weight of meanness, selfish cares,

coarse manners, vulgar passions, that beat in

320

on all sides from the ordinary world

in which we traffic. starting from this point,

i had my face turned tow’rd the truth, began

with an advantage furnished by that kind

of prepossession without which the soul

325

receives no knowledge that can bring forth good,

no genuine insight ever comes to her.

from the restraint of over-watchful eyes

preserved, i moved about, year after year

happy, and now most thankful, that my walk

330

was guarded from too early intercourse

with the deformities of crowded life,

and those ensuing laughters and contempts

self-pleasing, which, if we would wish to think

with a due reverence on earth’s rightful lord,

335

here placed to be the inheritor of heaven,

will not permit us; but pursue the mind

that to devotion willingly would rise,

into the temple, and the temple’s heart.

yet deem not, friend, that human-kind with me

340

thus early took a place preeminent;

nature herself was at this unripe time

but secondary to my own pursuits

and animal activities, and all

their trivial pleasures: and when these had drooped

345

and gradually expired, and nature, prized

for her own sake, became my joy, even then—

and upwards through late youth, until not less

than two and twenty summers had been told—

was man in my affections and regards

350

subordinate to her; her visible forms

the prelude (1824–1829) 267

and viewless agencies: a passion she,

a rapture often, and immediate love

ever at hand; he only a delight

occasional, an accidental grace,

355

his hour being not yet come. far less had then

the inferior creatures, beast or bird, attuned

(though they had long been carefully observed)

my spirit to that gentleness of love,

won from me those minute obeisances

360

of tenderness, which i may number now

with my first blessings. nevertheless on these

the light of beauty did not fall in vain,

or grandeur circumfuse them to no end.

but when that first poetic faculty

365

of plain imagination and severe,

no longer a mute influence of the soul,

ventured at some rash muse’s earnest call

to try her strength among harmonious words,

and to book-notions and the rules of art

370

did knowingly conform itself; there came

among the simple shapes of human life

a wilfulness of fancy and conceit;

and nature and her objects beautified

these fictions, as in some sort, in their turn,

375

they burnished her. from touch of this new power

nothing was safe: the elder tree that grew

beside the well known charnel-house had then

a dismal look: the yew-tree had its ghost

that took his station there, for ornament;

380

the dignities of plain occurrence then

were tasteless, and truth’s golden mean, a point

where no sufficient pleasure could be found.

then if a widow, staggering with the blow

of her distress, was known to have turned her steps

385

to the cold grave in which her husband slept,

one night, or haply more than one, through pain

or half insensate impotence of mind,

the fact was caught at greedily, and there

she must be visitant the whole year through,

390

268 the poems of william wordsworth

wetting the turf with never-ending tears.

through quaint obliquities i might pursue

these cravings: when the fox-glove, one by one,

upwards through every stage of the tall stem

had shed beside the public way its bells,

395

and stood of all dismantled, save the last

left at the tapering ladder’s top, that seemed

to bend as doth a slender blade of grass

tipped with a rain drop; fancy loved to seat

beneath the plant, despoiled but crested still

400

with this last relic, soon itself to fall,

some vagrant mother, whose arch little-ones,

all unconcerned by her dejected plight,

laughed, as with rival eagerness their hands

gathered the purple cups that round them lay

405

strewing the turf’s green slope.

a diamond light

(whene’er the summer sun, declining, smote

a smooth rock wet with constant springs) was seen

sparkling from out a copse-clad bank that rose

fronting our cottage. oft beside the hearth

410

seated with open door, often and long

upon this restless lustre have i gazed

that made my fancy restless as itself.

’twas now for me a burnished silver shield

suspended over a knight’s tomb, who lay

415

inglorious, buried in the dusky wood:

an entrance now into some magic cave

or palace built by fairies of the rock.

nor could i have been bribed to disenchant

the spectacle, by visiting the spot.

420

thus wilful fancy, in no hurtful mood,

engrafted far-fetched shapes on feelings bred

by pure imagination: busy power

she was, and with her ready pupil turned

instinctively to human passions, then

425

least understood. yet, ’mid the fervent swarm

of these vagaries, with an eye so rich

as mine was through the bounty of a grand

the prelude (1824–1829) 269

and lovely region, i had forms distinct

to steady me: each airy thought revolved

430

round a substantial centre which at once

incited it to motion, and controlled.

i did not pine like one in cities bred,

as was thy melancholy lot, dear friend!

great spirit as thou art, in endless dreams

435

of sickliness, disjoining, joining things

without the light of knowledge. where the harm

if, when the woodman languished with disease

induced by sleeping nightly on the ground

within his sod-built cabin, indian-wise,

440

i called the pangs of disappointed love

and all the sad etcetera of the wrong

to help him to his grave? meanwhile the man,

if not already from the woods retired

to die at home, was haply, as i knew,

445

withering by slow degrees, ’mid gentle airs,

birds, running streams, and hills so beautiful

on golden evenings, while the charcoal pile

breathed up its smoke, an image of his ghost

or spirit that full soon must take her flight.

450

nor shall we not be tending towards that point

of sound humanity to which our tale

leads, though by sinuous ways, if here i shew

how fancy, in a season when she wove

those slender cords, to guide the unconscious boy

455

for the man’s sake, could feed at nature’s call

some pensive musings which might well beseem

maturer years.

a grove there is whose boughs

stretch from the western marge of thurston-mere,

with length of shade so thick that whoso glides

460

along the line of low-roofed water moves

as in a cloister. once, while in that shade

loitering, i watched the golden beams of light

flung from the setting sun, as they reposed

in silent beauty on the naked ridge

465

of a high eastern hill. thus flowed my thoughts

270 the poems of william wordsworth

in a pure stream of words fresh from the heart:

“dear native region, wheresoe’er shall close

my mortal course, there will i think on you:

dying, will cast on you a backward look,

470

even as this setting sun (albeit the vale

is no where touched by one memorial gleam)

doth with the fond remains of his last power

still linger, and a farewell lustre sheds

on the dear mountain-tops where first he rose.”

475

enough of humble arguments! recal,

my song, those high emotions which thy voice

has heretofore made known, that bursting forth

of sympathy, inspiring and inspired,

when every where a vital pulse was felt,

480

and all the several frames of things, like stars

through every magnitude distinguishable,

shone mutually indebted, or half lost

each in the other’s blaze, a galaxy

of life and glory. in the midst stood man,

485

outwardly, inwardly contemplated,

as of all visible natures crown, though born

of dust and kindred to the worm, a being,

both in perception and discernment, first

in every capability of rapture,

490

through the divine effect of power and love,

as, more than any thing we know, instinct

with godhead, and by reason and by will

acknowledging dependency sublime.

erelong, the lonely mountains left, i moved

495

begirt from day to day with temporal shapes

of vice and folly thrust upon my view,

objects of sport, and ridicule, and scorn,

manners and characters discriminate,

and little bustling passions that eclipsed,

500

as well they might, the impersonated thought,

the idea or abstraction of the kind.

an idler among academic bowers,

such was my new condition, as at large

has been set forth; yet here the vulgar light

505

the prelude (1824–1829) 271

of present, actual, superficial life,

gleaming through coloring of other times,

old usages, and local privilege,

was welcome, softened, if not solemnized;

this notwithstanding, being brought more near

510

to vice and guilt, forerunning wretchedness,

i trembled—thought at times of human life

with an indefinite terror and dismay,

such as the storms and angry elements

had bred in me, but gloomier far, a dim

515

analogy to uproar and misrule,

disquiet, danger, and obscurity.

—it might be told (but wherefore speak of things

common to all?) that, seeing, i was led

gravely to ponder, judging between good

520

and evil, not as for the mind’s delight

but for her guidance, one who was to act,

as sometimes to the best of feeble means

i did, by human sympathy impelled: .

and through dislike and most offensive pain

525

was to the truth conducted; of this faith

never forsaken, that by acting well

and understanding, i should learn to love,

the end of life, and every thing we know.

grave teacher! stern preceptress! for at times

530

thou canst put on an aspect most severe;

london, to thee i willingly return.

erewhile my verse played idly with the flowers

enwrought upon thy mantle, satisfied

with that amusement, and a simple look

535

of child-like inquisition now and then

cast upwards on thy countenance, to detect

some inner meanings which might harbour there.

but how could i in mood so light indulge,

keeping such fresh remembrance of the day

540

when, having thridded the long labyrinth

of the suburban villages, i first

entered thy vast dominion? on the roof

of an itinerant vehicle i sate,

272 the poems of william wordsworth

with vulgar men about me, trivial forms

545

of houses, pavement, streets, of men and things;

mean shapes on every side: but at the instant

when to myself it fairly might be said,

the threshold now is overpassed,—(how strange

that aught external to the living mind

550

should have such mighty sway! yet so it was)

a weight of ages did at once descend

upon my heart, no thought embodied, no

distinct remembrances; but weight and power,—

power growing under weight: alas! i feel

555

that i am trifling: ’twas a moment’s pause—

all that took place within me came and went

as in a moment, yet with time it dwells

and grateful memory, as a thing divine.

the curious traveller who from open day

560

hath passed with torches into some huge cave,

the grotto of antiparos, or the den

in old time haunted by that danish witch

yordas, he looks around and sees the vault

widening on all sides; sees, or thinks he sees,

565

erelong the massy roof above his head,

that instantly unsettles and recedes,—

substance and shadow, light and darkness, all

commingled, making up a canopy

of shapes and forms, and tendencies to shape

570

that shift and vanish, change and interchange

like spectres, ferment silent and sublime!

that, after a short space, works less and less

till, every effort, every motion gone,

the scene before him stands in perfect view

575

exposed, and lifeless as a written book!

—but let him pause awhile, and look again,

and a new quickening shall succeed, at first

beginning timidly, then creeping fast,

till the whole cave, so late a senseless mass,

580

busies the eye with images and forms

boldly assembled,—here is shadowed forth

from the projections, wrinkles, cavities,

the prelude (1824–1829) 273

a variegated landscape, there the shape

of some gigantic warrior clad in mail,

585

the ghostly semblance of a hooded monk,

veiled nun, or pilgrim resting on his staff,—

strange congregation! yet not slow to meet

eyes that perceive through minds that can inspire.

even in such sort had i at first been moved,

590

nor otherwise continued to be moved,

as i explored the vast metropolis,

fount of my country’s destiny and the world’s;

that great emporium, chronicle at once

and burial-place of passions, and their home

595

imperial, their chief living residence.

with strong sensations teeming as it did

of past and present, such a place must needs

have pleased me, seeking knowledge at that time

far less than craving power, yet knowledge came,

600

sought or unsought, and influxes of power

came of themselves, or at her call derived

in fits of kindliest apprehensiveness

from all sides, when whate’er was in itself

capacious found, or seemed to find, in me

605

a correspondent amplitude of mind;

such is the strength and glory of our youth.

the human nature unto which i felt

that i belonged, and reverenced with love,

was not a punctual presence, but a spirit

610

diffused through time and space, with aid derived

of evidence from monuments, erect,

prostrate, or leaning towards their common rest

in earth, the widely scattered wreck sublime

of vanished nations, or more clearly drawn

615

from books, and what they picture and record.

’tis true the history of our native land,

with those of greece compared and popular rome,

and in our high-wrought modern narratives

stript of their harmonizing soul, the life

620

of manners and familiar incidents,

had never much delighted me. and less

274 the poems of william wordsworth

than other intellects had mine been used

to lean upon extrinsic circumstance

of record or tradition: but a sense

625

of what in the great city had been done

and suffered, and was doing, suffering still,

weighed with me, could support the test of thought,

and, in despite of all that had gone by,

or was departing never to return,

630

there i conversed with majesty and power

like independent nature’s. hence the place

was thronged with impregnations, like the wilds,

in which my early feelings had been nursed,

bare hills and vallies—full of caverns, rocks,

635

and audible seclusions, dashing lakes,

echoes and waterfalls, and pointed crags

that into music touch the passing wind.

here then a young imagination found

no uncongenial element, could here

640

among new objects serve or give command

even as the heart’s occasions might require

to forward reason’s else too scrupulous march.

the effect was still more elevated views

of human nature. neither vice nor guilt,

645

debasement undergone by body or mind,

nor all the misery forced upon my sight,

misery not lightly passed, but sometimes scanned

most feelingly, could overthrow my trust

in what we may become, induce belief

650

that i was ignorant, had been falsely taught,

a solitary, who with vain conceits

had been inspired, and walked about in dreams.

from those sad scenes when meditation turned,

lo! every thing that was indeed divine

655

retained its purity inviolate,

nay brighter shone, by this portentous gloom

set off; such opposition as aroused

the mind of adam, yet in paradise,

though fallen from bliss, when in the east he saw

660

darkness ere day’s mid course, and morning light

the prelude (1824–1829) 275

more orient in the western cloud, that drew

o’er the blue firmament a radiant white,

descending slow, with something heavenly fraught.

add also that among the multitudes

665

of that huge city, oftentimes was seen

affectingly set forth, more than elsewhere

is possible, the unity of man,

one spirit over ignorance and vice

predominant, in good and evil hearts

670

one sense for moral judgments, as one eye

for the sun’s light. the soul, when smitten thus

by a sublime idea, whencesoe’er

vouchsafed for union or communion, feeds

on the pure bliss, and takes her rest with god.

675

thus, from a very early age, o friend!

my thoughts, by slow gradations, had been drawn

to human-kind, and to the good and ill

of human life; nature had led me on,

and oft amid the “busy hum” i seemed

680

to travel independent of her help,

as if i had forgotten her; but no,

the world of human-kind outweighed not hers

in my habitual thoughts; the scale of love,

though filling daily, still was light compared

685

with that in which her mighty objects lay.

book ninth

residence in france

even as a river—partly (it might seem)

yielding to old remembrances, and swayed

in part by fear to shape a way direct

that would engulph him soon in the ravenous sea—

turns, and will measure back his course, far back,

5

seeking the very regions which he crossed

in his first outset; so have we, my friend!

turned and returned with intricate delay.

or as a traveller, who has gained the brow

of some aerial down, while there he halts

10

for breathing-time, is tempted to review

276 the poems of william wordsworth

the region left behind him; and if aught

deserving notice have escaped regard,

or been regarded with too careless eye,

strives, from that height, with one, and yet one more

15

last look, to make the best amends he may,

so have we lingered. now we start afresh

with courage, and new hope risen on our toil.

fair greetings to this shapeless eagerness,

whene’er it comes! needful in work so long,

20

thrice needful to the argument which now

awaits us! oh, how much unlike the past!

free as a colt, at pasture on the hill,

i ranged at large through london’s wide domain

month after month. obscurely did i live,

25

not seeking frequent intercourse with men

by literature, or elegance, or rank

distinguished. scarcely was a year thus spent

ere i forsook the crowded solitude;

with less regret for its luxurious pomp

30

and all the nicely-guarded shews of art,

than for the humble bookstalls in the streets,

exposed to eye and hand where’er i turned.

—france lured me forth, the realm that i had crossed

so lately, journeying toward the snow-clad alps.

35

but now relinquishing the scrip and staff

and all enjoyment which the summer sun

sheds round the steps of those who meet the day

with motion constant as his own, i went

prepared to sojourn in a pleasant town

40

washed by the current of the stately loire.

through paris lay my readiest course, and there

sojourning a few days, i visited

in haste each spot, of old or recent fame,

the latter chiefly; from the field of mars

45

down to the suburbs of st anthony;

and from mont martyr southward to the dome

of genevieve. in both her clamorous halls,

the national synod and the jacobins,

i saw the revolutionary power

50

the prelude (1824–1829) 277

toss like a ship at anchor, rocked by storms;

the arcades i traversed, in the palace huge

of orleans, coasted round and round the line

of tavern, brothel, gaming-house, and shop,

great rendezvous of worst and best, the walk

55

of all who had a purpose, or had not;

i stared, and listened with a stranger’s ears

to hawkers and haranguers, hubbub wild!

and hissing factionists, with ardent eyes,

in knots, or pairs, or single. not a look

60

hope takes, or doubt or fear are forced to wear,

but seemed there present, and i scanned them all,

watched every gesture uncontrollable

of anger, and vexation, and despite,

all side by side, and struggling face to face

65

with gaiety and dissolute idleness.

— where silent zephyrs sported with the dust

of the bastille, i sate in the open sun,

and from the rubbish gathered up a stone

and pocketed the relic in the guise

70

of an enthusiast; yet, in honest truth,

i looked for something that i could not find,

affecting more emotion than i felt;

for ’tis most certain that these various sights,

however potent their first shock, with me

75

appeared to recompence the traveller’s pains

less than the painted magdalene of le brun,

a beauty exquisitely wrought, with hair

dishevelled, gleaming eyes, and rueful cheek

pale, and bedropp’d with everflowing tears.

80

but hence to my more permanent abode

i hasten; there by novelties in speech,

domestic manners, customs, gestures, looks,

and all the attire of ordinary life,

attention was engrossed; and, thus amused,

85

i stood ’mid those concussions unconcerned,

tranquil almost, and careless as a flower

glassed in a green-house, or a parlour shrub

that spreads its leaves in unmolested peace

278 the poems of william wordsworth

while every bush and tree, the country through,

90

is shaking to the roots; indifference this

which may seem strange; but i was unprepared

with needful knowledge, had abruptly passed

into a theatre whose stage was filled,

and busy with an action far advanced.

95

like others i had skimmed, and sometimes read

with care, the master pamphlets of the day;

nor wanted such half-insight as grew wild

upon that meagre soil, helped out by talk

and public news; but having never seen

100

a chronicle that might suffice to shew

whence the main organs of the public power

had sprung, their transmigrations when and how

accomplished, giving thus unto events

a form and body; all things were to me

105

loose and disjointed, and the affections left

without a vital interest. at that time,

moreover, the first storm was overblown,

and the strong hand of outward violence

locked up in quiet. for myself, i fear

110

now, in connection with so great a theme,

to speak (as i must be compelled to do)

of one so unimportant; night by night

did i frequent the formal haunts of men

whom, in the city, privilege of birth

115

sequestered from the rest: societies

polished in arts, and in punctilio versed;

whence, and from deeper causes, all discourse

of good and evil of the time was shunned

with scrupulous care: but these restrictions soon

120

proved tedious, and i gradually withdrew

into a noisier world, and thus erelong

became a patriot; and my heart was all

given to the people, and my love was theirs.

a band of military officers

125

then stationed in the city were the chief

of my associates: some of these wore swords

that had been seasoned in the wars, and all

the prelude (1824–1829) 279

were men well born; the chivalry of france.

in age and temper differing, they had yet

130

one spirit ruling in each heart, alike

(save only one, hereafter to be named)

were bent upon undoing what was done:

this was their rest and only hope, therewith

no fear had they of bad becoming worse;

135

for worst to them was come; nor would have stirred,

or deemed it worth a moment’s thought to stir,

in any thing, save only as the act

looked thitherward. one, reckoning by years,

was in the prime of manhood, and erewhile

140

he had sate lord in many tender hearts,

though heedless of such honors now, and changed:

his temper was quite mastered by the times,

and they had blighted him, had eat away

the beauty of his person, doing wrong

145

alike to body and to mind: his port,

which once had been erect and open, now

was stooping and contracted, and a face

endowed by nature with her fairest gifts

of symmetry, and light, and bloom, expressed

150

as much as any that was ever seen

a ravage out of season, made by thoughts

unhealthy and vexatious. with the hour

that from the press of paris duly brought

its freight of public news, the fever came,

155

a punctual visitant, to shake this man,

disarmed his voice and fanned his yellow cheek

into a thousand colours: while he read

or mused, his sword was haunted by his touch

continually, like an uneasy place

160

in his own body. ’twas in truth an hour

of universal ferment; mildest men

were agitated; and commotions, strife

of passion and opinion, filled the walls

of peaceful houses with unquiet sounds.

165

the soil of common life was at that time

too hot to tread upon. oft said i then,

280 the poems of william wordsworth

and not then only, “what a mockery this

of history, the past and that to come!

now do i feel how all men are deceived,

170

reading of nations and their works, in faith,

faith given to vanity and emptiness;

oh! laughter for the page that would reflect

to future times the face of what now is!”

the land all swarmed with passion, like a plain

175

devoured by locusts;—carra, gorcas; add

a hundred other names, forgotten now,

nor to be heard of more, yet they were powers

like earthquakes, shocks repeated day by day,

and felt through every nook of town and field.

180

such was the state of things. meanwhile the chief

of my associates stood prepared for flight

to augment the band of emigrants in arms

upon the borders of the rhine, and leagued

with foreign foes mustered for instant war.

185

this was their undisguised intent, and they

were waiting with the whole of their desires

the moment to depart.

an englishman,

born in a land whose very name appeared

to licence some unruliness of mind,

190

a stranger, with youth’s further privilege,

and the indulgence that a half-learnt speech

wins from the courteous; i, who had been else

shunned and not tolerated, freely lived

with these defenders of the crown, and talked,

195

and heard their notions, nor did they disdain

the wish to bring me over to their cause.

but though untaught by thinking or by books

to reason well of polity or law,

and nice distinctions, then on every tongue,

200

of natural rights and civil; and to acts

of nations and their passing interests

(if with unworldly ends and aims compared)

almost indifferent, even the historian’s tale

prizing but little otherwise than i prized

205

the prelude (1824–1829) 281

tales of the poets, as it made the heart

beat high and filled the fancy with fair forms,

old heroes and their sufferings and their deeds;

yet in the regal sceptre, and the pomp

of orders and degrees, i nothing found

210

then, or had ever, even in crudest youth,

that dazzled me: but rather what i mourned

and ill could brook, beholding that the best

ruled not, and feeling that they ought to rule.

for, born in a poor district, and which yet

215

retaineth more of ancient homeliness

than any other nook of english ground,

it was my fortune scarcely to have seen

through the whole tenor of my school-day time

the face of one, who, whether boy or man,

220

was vested with attention or respect

through claims of wealth or blood; nor was it least

of many benefits, in later years

derived from academic institutes

and rules, that they held something up to view

225

of a republic, where all stood thus far

upon equal ground, that we were brothers all

in honor, as in one community,

scholars and gentlemen; where, furthermore,

distinction lay open to all that came,

230

and wealth and titles were in less esteem

than talents, worth, and prosperous industry.

add unto this, subservience from the first

to presences of god’s mysterious power

made manifest in nature’s sovereignty,

235

and fellowship with venerable books,

to sanction the proud workings of the soul

and mountain liberty. it could not be

but that one tutored thus should look with awe

upon the faculties of man, receive

240

gladly the highest promises, and hail

as best the government of equal rights

and individual worth. and hence, o friend,

if at the first great outbreak i rejoiced

282 the poems of william wordsworth

less than might well befit my youth, the cause

245

in part lay here, that unto me the events

seemed nothing out of nature’s certain course,

a gift that rather was come late than soon.

no wonder then if advocates like these,

inflamed by passion, blind with prejudice,

250

and stung with injury, at this riper day,

were impotent to make my hopes put on

the shape of theirs, my understanding bend

in honor to their honor,—zeal which yet

had slumbered, now in opposition burst

255

forth like a polar summer: every word

they uttered was a dart, by counter-winds

blown back upon themselves; their reason seemed

confusion-stricken by a higher power

than human understanding, their discourse

260

maimed, spiritless; and, in their weakness strong,

i triumphed.

meantime, day by day, the roads

were crowded with the bravest youth of france

and all the promptest of her spirits, linked

in gallant soldiership, and posting on

265

to meet the war, upon her frontier bounds.

yet at this very moment do tears start

into mine eyes: i do not say i weep—

i wept not then,—but tears have dimmed my sight

in memory of the farewells of that time,

270

domestic severings, female fortitude

at dearest separation, patriot love

and self-devotion, and terrestrial hope

encouraged with a martyr’s confidence;

even files of strangers merely, seen but once

275

and for a moment, men from far with sound

of music, martial tunes, and banners spread,

entering the city, here and there a face

or person singled out among the rest,

yet still a stranger and beloved as such;

280

even by these passing spectacles my heart

was oftentimes uplifted, and they seemed

the prelude (1824–1829) 283

arguments sent from heaven, to prove the cause

good, pure, which no one could stand up against

who was not lost, abandoned, selfish, proud,

285

mean, miserable, wilfully depraved,

hater perverse of equity and truth.

among that band of officers, was one,

already hinted at, of other mold,

a patriot, thence rejected by the rest,

290

and with an oriental loathing spurned,

as of a different cast. a meeker man

than this lived never, nor a more benign,

meek, though enthusiastic. injuries

made him more gracious, and his nature then

295

did breathe its sweetness out most sensibly

as aromatic flowers on alpine turf

when foot hath crushed them. he through the events

of that great change wandered in perfect faith,

as through a book, an old romance or tale

300

of fairy, or some dream of actions wrought

behind the summer clouds. by birth he ranked

with the most noble, but unto the poor

among mankind he was in service bound

as by some tie invisible, oaths professed

305

to a religious order. man he loved

as man; and, to the mean and the obscure

and all the homely in their homely works,

transferred a courtesy which had no air

of condescension; but did rather seem

310

a passion and a gallantry, like that

which he, a soldier, in his idler day

had paid to woman: somewhat vain he was,

or seemed so, yet it was not vanity,

but fondness, and a kind of radiant joy

315

diffused around him while he was intent

on works of love or freedom, or revolved

complacently the progress of a cause

whereof he was a part; yet this was meek

and placid, and took nothing from the man

320

that was delightful: oft in solitude

284 the poems of william wordsworth

with him did i discourse about the end

of civil government, and its wisest forms,

of ancient loyalty, and chartered rights,

custom and habit, novelty and change,

325

of self-respect, and virtue in the few

for patrimonial honor set apart,

and ignorance in the labouring multitude.

for he, to all intolerance indisposed,

balanced these contemplations in his mind;

330

and i, who at that time was scarcely dipped

into the turmoil, bore a sounder judgement

than later days allowed; carried about me,

with less alloy to its integrity,

the experience of past ages, as through help

335

of books and common life it makes sure way

to youthful minds, by objects over near

not pressed upon, nor dazzled or misled

by struggling with the crowd for present ends.

but though not deaf, nor obstinate to find

340

error without excuse upon the side

of them who strove against us, more delight

we took, and let this freely be confessed,

in painting to ourselves the miseries

of royal courts, and that voluptuous life

345

unfeeling, where the man who is of soul

the meanest, thrives the most, where dignity,

true personal dignity, abideth not;

a light, a cruel, and vain world, cut off

from the natural inlets of just sentiment,

350

from lowly sympathy, and chastening truth;

where good and evil interchange their names,

and thirst for bloody spoils abroad is paired

with vice at home. we added dearest themes,

man and his noble nature, as it is

355

the gift which god has placed within his power,

his blind desires and steady faculties

capable of clear truth, the one to break

bondage, the other to build liberty

on firm foundations, making social life,

360

the prelude (1824–1829) 285

through knowledge spreading and imperishable,

as just in regulation, and as pure

as individual in the wise and good.

—we summoned up the honorable deeds

of ancient story, thought of each bright spot

365

that could be found in all recorded time,

of truth preserved, and error passed away,

of single spirits that catch the flame from heaven,

and how the multitudes of men will feed

and fan each other, thought of sects, how keen

370

they are to put the appropriate nature on,

triumphant over every obstacle

of custom, language, country, love, and hate,

and what they do and suffer for their creed,

how far they travel, and how long endure,

375

how quickly mighty nations have been formed

from least beginnings, how, together locked

by new opinions, scattered tribes have made

one body, spreading wide as clouds in heaven.

to aspirations then of our own minds

380

did we appeal; and finally beheld

a living confirmation of the whole

before us, in a people from the depth

of shameful imbecility upris’n,

fresh as the morning star: elate we looked

385

upon their virtues, saw in rudest men

self-sacrifice the firmest, generous love

and continence of mind, and sense of right

uppermost in the midst of fiercest strife.

oh! sweet it is, in academic groves

390

or such retirement, friend! as we have known

in the green dales beside our rotha’s stream,

greta, or derwent, or some nameless rill,

to ruminate with interchange of talk

on rational liberty, and hope in man,

395

justice and peace; but far more sweet such toil—

toil say i, for it leads to thoughts abstruse—

if nature then be standing on the brink

of some great trial, and we hear the voice

286 the poems of william wordsworth

of one devoted, one whom circumstance

400

hath called upon to embody his deep sense

in action, give it outwardly a shape,

and that of benediction to the world;

then doubt is not, and truth is more than truth,—

a hope it is and a desire, a creed

405

of zeal, by an authority divine

sanctioned, of danger, difficulty, or death.

such conversation under attic shades

did dion hold with plato, ripened thus

for a deliverer’s glorious task, and such

410

he, on that ministry already bound,

held with eudemus and timonides,

surrounded by adventurers in arms,

when those two vessels with their daring freight,

for the sicilian tyrant’s overthrow

415

sailed from zacynthus, philosophic war

led by philosophers. with harder fate

though like ambition, such was he, o friend!

of whom i speak, so beaupuis (let the name

stand near the worthiest of antiquity)

420

fashioned his life, and many a long discourse

with like persuasion honored, we maintained;

he, on his part, accoutred for the worst.

he perished fighting in supreme command

upon the borders of the unhappy loire,

425

for liberty, against deluded men,

his fellow-countrymen, and yet most blessed

in this, that he the fate of later times

lived not to see, nor what we now behold

who have as ardent hearts as he had then.

430

along that very loire, with festal mirth

resounding at all hours, and innocent yet

of civil slaughter, was our frequent walk;

or in wide forests of continuous shade,

lofty and overarched, with open space

435

beneath the trees, clear footing many a mile—

a solemn region. oft, amid those haunts,

from earnest dialogues i slipped in thought,

the prelude (1824–1829) 287

and let remembrance steal to other times,

when o’er those interwoven roots, moss-clad,

440

and smooth as marble, or a waveless sea,

some hermit, from his cell forth-strayed, might pace

in sylvan meditation, undisturbed;

as on the pavement of a gothic church

walks a lone monk, when service hath expired,

445

in peace and silence. but if e’er was heard,

heard though unseen, a devious traveller

retiring, or approaching from afar,

with speed, and echoes loud of trampling hoofs

from the hard floor reverberated, then

450

it was angelica thundering through the woods

upon her palfrey, or that gentle maid

erminia, fugitive as fair as she.

sometimes i saw, methought, a pair of knights

joust underneath the trees, that as in storm

455

rocked high above their heads; anon, the din

of boisterous merriment, and music’s roar,

in sudden proclamation! burst from haunt

of satyrs in some viewless glade, with dance

rejoicing o’er a female in the midst,

460

a mortal beauty, their unhappy thrall;

the width of those huge forests, unto me

a novel scene, did often in this way

master my fancy, while i wandered on

with that revered companion. and sometimes—

465

when to a convent in a meadow green,

by a brook-side, we came, a roofless pile,

and not by reverential touch of time

dismantled, but by violence abrupt,

in spite of those heart-bracing colloquies,

470

in spite of real fervor, and of that

less genuine and wrought up within myself—

i could not but bewail a wrong so harsh,

and for the matin bell to sound no more

grieved, and the twilight taper, and the cross

475

high on the topmost pinnacle, a sign

(how welcome to the weary traveller’s eyes!)

288 the poems of william wordsworth

of hospitality and peaceful rest.

and when the partner of those varied walks

pointed upon occasion to the site

480

of romorentin, home of ancient kings,

to the imperial edifice of blois,

or to that rural castle, name now slipped

from my remembrance, where a lady lodged

by the first francis wooed, and bound to him

485

in chains of mutual passion; from the tower,

as a tradition of the country tells,

practised to commune with her royal knight

by cressets and love-beacons, intercourse

’twixt her high-seated residence and his

490

far off at chambord on the plain beneath;

even here, though less than with the peaceful house

religious, ’mid those frequent monuments

of kings, their vices, and their better deeds,

imagination, potent to inflame,

495

at times, with virtuous wrath, and noble scorn,

did also often mitigate the force

of civic prejudice, the bigotry,

so call it, of a youthful patriot’s mind,

and on these spots with many gleams i looked

500

of chivalrous delight. yet not the less

hatred of absolute rule, where will of one

is law for all, and of that barren pride

in them who, by immunities unjust,

between the sovereign and the people stand,

505

his helper and not theirs, laid stronger hold

daily upon me, mixed with pity too

and love; for where hope is, there love will be

for the abject multitude. and when we chanced

one day to meet a hunger-bitten girl

510

who crept along fitting her languid gait

unto a heifer’s motion, by a cord

tied to her arm, and picking thus from the lane

its sustenance, while the girl with pallid hands

was busy knitting in a heartless mood

515

of solitude, and at the sight my friend

the prelude (1824–1829) 289

in agitation said, “’tis against that,

that we are fighting,” i with him believed

that a benignant spirit was abroad

which might not be withstood, that poverty,

520

abject as this, would in a little time

be found no more, that we should see the earth

unthwarted in her wish to recompence

the meek, the lowly, patient child of toil,

all institutes for ever blotted out

525

that legalized exclusion, empty pomp

abolished, sensual state and cruel power,

whether by edict of the one or few;

and finally, as sum and crown of all,

should see the people having a strong hand

530

in framing their own laws, whence better days

to all mankind. but, these things set apart,

was not this single confidence enough

to animate the mind that ever turned

a thought to human welfare, that henceforth

535

captivity by mandate without law

should cease, and open accusation lead

to sentence in the hearing of the world,

and open punishment, if not the air

be free to breathe in, and the heart of man

540

dread nothing? from this height i shall not stoop

to humbler matter that detained us oft

in thought or conversation, public acts

and public persons, and emotions wrought

within the breast, as ever varying winds

545

of record or report swept over us;

but i will here, instead, repeat a tale

told by my patriot friend of sad events

that prove to what low depth had struck the roots,

how widely spread the boughs, of that old tree

550

which, as a deadly mischief, and a foul

and black dishonour, france was weary of.

“oh! happy time of youthful lovers! (thus

my story may begin) o balmy time

in which a love-knot on a lady’s brow

555

290 the poems of william wordsworth

is fairer than the fairest star in heaven!”

so might—and with that prelude did begin

the record; and in faithful verse was given

the doleful sequel. but our little bark

on a strong river boldly hath been launched,

560

and from the driving current should we turn

to loiter wilfully within a creek,

howe’er attractive, fellow voyager!

wouldst thou not chide? yet deem not my pains lost;

for vaudracour and julia (so were named

565

the ill-fated pair) in that plain tale will draw

tears from the hearts of others when their own

shall beat no more. thou also there may’st read

at leisure, how the enamoured youth was driven,

by public power abused, to fatal crime,

570

nature’s rebellion against monstrous law;

how between heart and heart oppression thrust

her mandates, severing whom true love had joined,

harrassing both; until he sank and pressed

the couch his fate had made for him—supine,

575

save when the stings of viperous remorse,

trying their strength, forced him to start up,

aghast and prayerless. into a deep wood

he fled to shun the haunts of human kind;

there dwelt, weakened in spirit more and more.

580

nor could the voice of freedom, which through france

full speedily resounded, public hope,

or personal memory of his own worst wrongs,

rouse him, but, hidden in those gloomy shades,

his days he wasted, an imbecile mind.

585

book tenth

france continued

it was a beautiful and silent day

that overspread the countenance of earth,

then fading with unusual quietness—

a day as beautiful as e’er was given

to soothe regret, though deepening what it soothed,

5

when by the gliding loire i paused, and cast

the prelude (1824–1829) 291

upon his rich domains, vineyard and tilth,

green meadow-ground and many-colored woods,

again, and yet again, a farewell look;

then from the quiet of that scene passed on,

10

bound to the fierce metropolis. from his throne

the king had fallen; and that invading host,

presumptuous cloud on whose black front was written

the tender mercies of the dismal wind

that bore it, on the plains of liberty

15

had burst innocuous. say in bolder words,

they who had come elate as eastern hunters

banded beneath the great mogul, when he

ere while went forth from agra or lahor,

rajas and omras in his train, intent

20

to drive their prey enclosed within a ring

wide as a province, but, the signal given,

before the point of the life-threatening spear

narrowing itself by moments—they, rash men,

had seen the anticipated quarry turned

25

into avengers, from whose wrath they fled

in terror. disappointment and dismay

remained for all whose fancies had run wild

with evil expectations; confidence

and perfect triumph for the better cause.

30

— the state, as if to stamp the final seal

on her security, and to the world

show what she was, a high and fearless soul

exulting in defiance, or heart-stung

by sharp resentment, or belike to taunt

35

with spiteful gratitude the baffled league

that had stirred up her slackening faculties

to a new transition, when the king was crushed,

spared not the empty throne, and in proud haste

assumed the body and venerable name

40

of a republic. lamentable crimes,

’tis true, had gone before this hour, dire work

of massacre, in which the senseless sword

was prayed to as a judge; but these were past,

earth free from them for ever, as was thought;

45

292 the poems of william wordsworth

ephemeral monsters to be seen but once!

things that could only shew themselves and die.

cheared with this hope, to paris i returned;

and ranged, with ardor heretofore unfelt,

the spacious city, and in progress passed

50

the prison where the unhappy monarch lay,

associate with his children and his wife,

in bondage; and the palace lately stormed,

with roar of cannon, by a furious host.

i crossed the square (an empty area then!)

55

of the carousel, where so late had lain

the dead, upon the dying heaped; and gazed

on this and other spots, as doth a man

upon a volume whose contents he knows

are memorable, but from him locked up,

60

being written in a tongue he cannot read;

so that he questions the mute leaves with pain,

and half-upbraids their silence. but, that night,

i felt most deeply in what world i was,

what ground i trod on, and what air i breathed.

65

high was my room and lonely, near the roof

of a large mansion or hotel, a lodge

that would have pleased me in more quiet times,

nor was it wholly without pleasure, then.

with unextinguished taper i kept watch,

70

reading at intervals; the fear gone by

pressed on me almost like a fear to come.

i thought of those september massacres,

divided from me by one little month,

saw them and touched; the rest was conjured up

75

from tragic fictions, or true history,

remembrances and dim admonishments.

the horse is taught his manage, and no star

of wildest course but treads back his own steps;

for the spent hurricane the air provides

80

as fierce a successor; the tide retreats

but to return out of its hiding place

in the great deep; all things have second birth;

the earthquake is not satisfied at once;

the prelude (1824–1829) 293

and in this way i wrought upon myself

85

until i seemed to hear a voice that cried

to the whole city, “sleep no more.” the trance

fled with the voice to which it had given birth,

but vainly comments of a calmer mind

promised soft peace and sweet forgetfulness.

90

the place, all hushed and silent as it was,

appeared unfit for the repose of night,

defenceless as a wood where tygers roam.

with early morning towards the palace walk

of orleans eagerly i turned; as yet

95

the streets were still; not so those long arcades;

there—’mid a peal of ill-matched sounds and cries

that greeted me on entering—i could hear

shrill voices from the hawkers in the throng

bawling, “denunciation of the crimes

100

of maximilian robespierre;” the hand,

prompt as the voice, held forth a printed speech,

the same that had been recently pronounced

when robespierre, not ignorant for what mark

some words of indirect reproof had been

105

intended, rose in hardihood and dared

the man who had an ill-surmise of him

to bring his charge in openness; whereat,

when a dead pause ensued and no one stirred,

in silence of all present, from his seat

110

louvet walked single through the avenue

and took his station in the tribune, saying,

“i, robespierre, accuse thee!” well is known

the inglorious issue of that charge, and how

he who had launched the startling thunderbolt,

115

the one bold man whose voice the attack had sounded,

was left without a follower to discharge

his perilous duty and retire, lamenting

that heaven’s best aid is wasted upon men

who to themselves are false.

but these are things

120

of which i speak only as they were storm

or sunshine to my individual mind,

294 the poems of william wordsworth

no further. let me then relate that now,

in some sort seeing with my proper eyes

that liberty, and life, and death would soon

125

to the remotest corners of the land

lie in the arbitriment of those who ruled

the capital city, what was struggled for,

and by what combatants victory must be won,

the indecision on their part whose aim

130

seemed best, and the strait-forward path of those

who in attack or in defence were strong

through their impiety; my inmost soul

was agitated; yea, i could almost

have prayed that throughout earth upon all men,

135

by patient exercise of reason made

worthy of liberty, all spirits filled

with zeal expanding in truth’s holy light,

the gift of tongues might fall, and power arrive

from the four quarters of the winds to do

140

for france what without help she could not do,

a work of honor; think not that to this

i added work of safety: from all doubt

or trepidation for the end of things

far was i, far as angels are from guilt.

145

yet did i grieve, nor only grieved, but thought

of opposition and of remedies;

an insignificant stranger and obscure,

and one, moreover, little graced with power

of eloquence even in my native speech,

150

and all unfit for tumult or intrigue,

yet would i at this time with willing heart

have undertaken for a cause so great

service however dangerous. i revolved

how much the destiny of man had still

155

hung upon single persons, that there was,

transcendant to all local patrimony,

one nature as there is one sun in heaven,

that objects, even as they are great, thereby

do come within the reach of humblest eyes,

160

that man is only weak through his mistrust

the prelude (1824–1829) 295

and want of hope, where evidence divine

proclaims to him that hope should be most sure.

nor did the inexperience of my youth

preclude conviction that a spirit, strong

165

in hope and trained to noble aspirations,

a spirit thoroughly faithful to itself,

is for society’s unreasoning herd

a domineering instinct, serves at once

for way and guide, a fluent receptacle

170

that gathers up each petty straggling rill

and vein of water, glad to be rolled on

in safe obedience; that a mind whose rest

is where it ought to be, in self-restraint,

in circumspection and simplicity,

175

falls rarely in entire discomfiture

below its aim, or meets with from without

a treachery that foils it or defeats;

and lastly, if the means on human will,

frail human will, dependent should betray

180

him who too boldly trusted them, i felt

that ’mid the loud distractions of the world

a sovereign voice subsists within the soul,

arbiter undisturbed of right and wrong,

of life and death, in majesty severe

185

enjoining, as may best promote the aims

of truth and justice, either sacrifice,

from whatsoever region of our cares

or our infirm affections nature pleads,

earnest and blind, against the stern decree.

190

—on the other side i called to mind those truths

that are the common-places of the schools,

a theme for boys, too hackneyed for their sires,

yet, with a revelation’s liveliness,

in all their comprehensive bearings known

195

and visible to philosophers of old,

men who, to business of the world untrained,

lived in the shade; and to harmodius known

and his compeer aristogiton, known

to brutus, that tyrannic power is weak,

200

296 the poems of william wordsworth

hath neither gratitude, nor faith, nor love,

nor the support of good or evil men

to trust in, that the godhead which is ours

can never utterly be charmed or stilled,

that nothing hath a natural right to last

205

but equity and reason, that all else

meets foes irreconcilable, and at best

lives only by variety of disease.

well might my wishes be intense, my thoughts

strong and perturbed, not doubting at that time

210

but that the virtue of one paramount mind

would have abashed those impious crests, have quelled

outrage and bloody power, and, in despite

of what the people long had been and were

through ignorance and false teaching, sadder proof

215

of immaturity, and in the teeth

of desperate opposition from without,

have cleared a passage for just government,

and left a solid birthright to the state,

redeemed according to example given

220

by ancient lawgivers.

in this frame of mind,

dragged by a chain of harsh necessity,

so seemed it,—now i thankfully acknowledge,

forced by the gracious providence of heaven—

to england i returned, else (though assured

225

that i both was, and must be, of small weight,

no better than a landsman on the deck

of a ship struggling with a hideous storm)

doubtless i should have then made common cause

with some who perished, haply perished too,

230

a poor mistaken and bewildered offering,

should to the breast of nature have gone back

with all my resolutions, all my hopes,

a poet only to myself, to men

useless, and even, belovéd friend, a soul

235

to thee unknown!

twice had the trees let fall

their leaves, as often winter had put on

the prelude (1824–1829) 297

his hoary crown, since i had seen the surge

beat against albion’s shore, since ear of mine

had caught the accents of my native speech

240

upon our native country’s sacred ground.

a patriot of the world, how could i glide

into communion with her sylvan shades,

erewhile my tuneful haunt?—it pleased me more

to abide in the great city, where i found

245

the general air still busy with the stir

of that first memorable onset made

by a strong levy of humanity

upon the traffickers in negro blood:

effort which, though defeated, had recalled

250

to notice old forgotten principles

and through the nation spread a novel heat,

of virtuous feeling. for myself, i own

that this particular strife had wanted power

to rivet my affections, nor did now

255

its unsuccessful issue much excite

my sorrow, for i brought with me the faith

that, if france prospered, good men would not long

pay fruitless worship to humanity,

and this most rotten branch of human shame,

260

object, so seemed it, of superfluous pains,

would fall together with its parent tree.

what then were my emotions, when in arms

britain put forth her free-born strength in league,

o pity and shame! with those confederate powers?

265

not in my single self alone i found,

but in the minds of all ingenuous youth,

change and subversion from that hour. no shock

given to my moral nature had i known

down to that very moment; neither lapse

270

nor turn of sentiment that might be named

a revolution, save at this one time;

all else was progress on the self-same path

on which, with a diversity of pace,

i had been travelling: this a stride at once

275

into another region.—as a light

298 the poems of william wordsworth

and pliant hare-bell swinging in the breeze

on some gray rock, its birth-place, so had i

wantoned, fast rooted on the ancient tower

of my beloved country, wishing not

280

a happier fortune than to wither there.

now was i from that pleasant station torn

and tossed about in whirlwind. i rejoiced,

yea, afterwards, truth most painful to record!

exulted, in the triumph of my soul,

285

when englishmen by thousands were o’erthrown,

left without glory on the field, or driven,

brave hearts, to shameful flight. it was a grief,—

grief call it not, ’twas any thing but that,—

a conflict of sensations without name,

290

of which he only who may love the sight

of a village steeple as i do can judge,

when, in the congregation bending all

to their great father, prayers were offered up,

or praises, for our country’s victories,

295

and, ’mid the simple worshippers, perchance

i only, like an uninvited guest,

whom no one owned, sate silent, shall i add,

fed on the day of vengeance yet to come?

oh! much have they to account for, who could tear

300

by violence, at one decisive rent,

from the best youth in england, their dear pride,

their joy in england: this too at a time

in which worst losses easily might wear

the best of names, when patriotic love

305

did of itself in modesty give way,

like the precursor when the deity

is come whose harbinger he was, a time

in which apostasy from ancient faith

seemed but conversion to a higher creed;

310

withal a season dangerous and wild,

a time when sage experience would have snatched

flowers out of any hedge-row to compose

a chaplet in contempt of his grey locks.

when the proud fleet that bears the red-cross flag

315

the prelude (1824–1829) 299

in that unworthy service were prepared

to mingle, i beheld the vessels lie,

a brood of gallant creatures, on the deep,

i saw them in their rest, a sojourner

through a whole month of calm and glassy days,

320

in that delightful island which protects

their place of convocation—there i heard,

each evening, pacing by the still sea-shore,

a monitory sound that never failed,—

the sunset cannon. while the orb went down

325

in the tranquillity of nature, came

that voice, ill requiem! seldom heard by me

without a spirit overcast by dark

imaginations, sense of woes to come,

sorrow for human kind, and pain of heart.

330

in france the men who, for their desperate ends,

had plucked up mercy by the roots, were glad

of this new enemy. tyrants, strong before

in wicked pleas, were strong as demons now;

and thus, on every side beset with foes,

335

the goaded land waxed mad; the crimes of few

spread into madness of the many, blasts

from hell came sanctified like airs from heaven;

the sternness of the just, the faith of those

who doubted not that providence had times

340

of vengeful retribution;—theirs who throned

the human understanding paramount

and made of that their god, the hopes of men

who were content to barter short-lived pangs

for a paradise of ages, the blind rage

345

of insolent tempers, the light vanity

of intermeddlers, steady purposes

of the suspicious, slips of the indiscreet,

and all the accidents of life were pressed

into one service, busy with one work.

350

the senate stood aghast, her prudence quenched,

her wisdom stifled, and her justice scared,

her frenzy only active to extol

past outrages, and shape the way for new,

300 the poems of william wordsworth

which no one dared to oppose or mitigate.

355

—domestic carnage now filled the whole year

with feast-days; old men from the chimney-nook,

the maiden from the bosom of her love,

the mother from the cradle of her babe,

the warrior from the field, all perished, all,

360

friends, enemies, of all parties, ages, ranks,

head after head, and never heads enough

for those that bade them fall. they found their joy,

they made it, proudly eager as a child

(if like desires of innocent little ones

365

may with such heinous appetites be compared),

pleased in some open field to exercise

a toy that mimics with revolving wings

the motion of a windmill, though the air

do of itself blow fresh and make the vanes

370

spin in his eyesight, that contents him not,

but, with the play-thing at arm’s length, he sets

his front against the blast, and runs amain

that it may whirl the faster.

’mid the depth

of those enormities, even thinking minds

375

forgot at seasons whence they had their being,

forgot that such a sound was ever heard

as liberty upon earth; yet all beneath

her innocent authority was wrought,

nor could have been without her blessed name.

380

the illustrious wife of roland, in the hour

of her composure, felt that agony

and gave it vent in her last words. o friend!

it was a lamentable time for man,

whether a hope had e’er been his or not,

385

a woeful time for them whose hopes survived

the shock—most woeful for those few who still

were flattered and had trust in human-kind:

they had the deepest feeling of the grief.

meanwhile the invaders fared as they deserved:

390

the herculean commonwealth had put forth her arms

and throttled with an infant godhead’s might

the prelude (1824–1829) 301

the snakes about her cradle: that was well

and as it should be, yet no cure for them

whose souls were sick with pain of what would be

395

hereafter brought in charge against mankind.

most melancholy at that time, o friend!

were my day-thoughts, my nights were miserable;

through months, through years, long after the last beat

of those atrocities, the hour of sleep

400

to me came rarely charged with natural gifts,

such ghastly visions had i of despair

and tyranny, and implements of death,

and innocent victims sinking under fear,

and momentary hope, and worn-out prayer,

405

each in his separate cell, or penned in crowds

for sacrifice, and struggling with forced mirth

and levity in dungeons where the dust

was laid with tears. then suddenly the scene

changed, and the unbroken dream entangled me

410

in long orations which i strove to plead

before unjust tribunals—with a voice

labouring, a brain confounded, and a sense

death-like of treacherous desertion, felt

in the last place of refuge, my own soul.

415

when i began in youth’s delightful prime

to yield myself to nature, when that strong

and holy passion overcame me first,

nor day nor night, evening or morn, were free

from its oppression. but, o power supreme!

420

without whose care this world would cease to breathe,

who from the fountain of thy grace dost fill

the veins that branch through every frame of life,

making man what he is, creature divine,

in single or in social eminence

425

above the rest raised infinite ascents

when reason that enables him to be

is not sequestered, what a change is here!

how different ritual for this after-worship!

what countenance to promote this second love!

430

the first was service paid to things which lie

302 the poems of william wordsworth

guarded within the bosom of thy will.

therefore to serve was high beatitude;

tumult was therefore gladness, and the fear

ennobling, venerable; sleep secure,

435

and waking thoughts more rich than happiest dreams.

but as the ancient prophets, borne aloft

in vision, yet constrained by natural laws

with them to take a troubled human heart,

wanted not consolations nor a creed

440

of reconcilement, then when they denounced

on towns and cities wallowing in the abyss

of their offences punishment to come;

or saw, like other men, with bodily eyes,

before them, in some desolated place,

445

the wrath consummate and the threat fulfilled;

so, with devout humility be it said,

so did a portion of that spirit fall

on me, uplifted from the vantage ground

of pity and sorrow to a state of being

450

that through the time’s exceeding fierceness saw

glimpses of retribution, terrible

and in the order of sublime behests;

but even if that were not, amid the awe

of unintelligible chastisement,

455

not only acquiescences of faith

survived, but daring sympathies with power,

motions not treacherous or profane, else why

within the folds of no ungentle breast

their dread vibration to this hour prolonged?

460

wild blasts of music thus could find their way

into the midst of turbulent events,

so that worst tempests might be listened to.

then was the truth received into my heart,

that, under heaviest sorrow earth can bring,

465

if from the affliction somewhere do not grow

honor which could not else have been, a faith,

an elevation, and a sanctity,

if new strength be not given nor old restored,

the blame is ours, not nature’s. when a taunt

470

the prelude (1824–1829) 303

was taken up by scoffers in their pride,

saying, “behold the harvest that we reap

from popular government and equality,”

clearly i saw that neither these, nor aught

of wild belief engrafted on their names

475

by false philosophy, had caused the woe,

but a terrific reservoir of guilt

and ignorance, filled up from age to age,

that could no longer hold its loathsome charge,

but burst and spread in deluge through the land.

480

and, as the desert hath green spots, the sea

small islands scattered amid stormy waves,

so that disastrous period did not want

bright sprinklings of all human excellence

to which the silver wands of saints in heaven

485

might point with rapturous joy. yet not the less,

for those examples in no age surpassed

of fortitude and energy and love;

and human nature faithful to herself

under worst trials, was i driven to think

490

of the glad times when first i traversed france,

a youthful pilgrim; above all reviewed

that even-tide, when under windows bright

with happy faces, and with garlands hung,

and through a rainbow arch that spanned the street,

495

triumphal pomp for liberty confirmed,

i paced, a dear companion at my side,

the town of arras, whence with promise high

issued, on delegation to sustain

humanity and right, that robespierre,

500

he who thereafter, and in how short time!

wielded the sceptre of the atheist crew.

when the calamity spread far and wide,

and this same city, that did then appear

to outrun the rest in exultation, groaned

505

under the vengeance of her cruel son

as lear reproached the winds, i could almost

have quarrelled with that blameless spectacle

for lingering yet an image in my mind

304 the poems of william wordsworth

to mock me under such a strange reverse.

510

o friend! few happier moments have been mine,

than that which told the downfall of this tribe

so dreaded, so abhorr’d.— the day deserves

a separate record. over the smooth sands

of leven’s ample æstuary lay

515

my journey, and beneath a genial sun,

with distant prospect among gleams of sky,

and clouds, and intermingling mountain tops,

in one inseparable glory clad,

creatures of one etherial substance met

520

in consistory, like a diadem

or crown of burning seraphs, as they sit

in the empyrean. underneath that pomp

celestial, lay unseen the pastoral vales

among whose happy fields i had grown up

525

from childhood. on the fulgent spectacle,

that neither passed away nor changed, i gazed

enrapt; but brightest things are wont to draw

sad opposites out of the inner heart,

as soon their pensive influence drew from mine.

530

how could it otherwise? for not in vain

that very morning had i turned aside

to seek the ground where, ’mid a throng of graves,

an honored teacher of my youth was laid.

while we were school-boys, he had died among us,

535

and was borne thither, as i knew, to rest

with his own family. a plain stone inscribed

with name, date, office, pointed out the spot,

and on the stone were graven, by his desire,

lines from the churchyard elegy of gray.

540

this faithful guide, speaking from his death-bed,

added no farewell to his parting counsel,

but said to me, “my head will soon lie low;”

and when i saw the turf that covered him,

after the lapse of full eight years, those words,

545

with sound of voice, and countenance of the man,

came back upon me, so that some few tears

fell from me in my own despite. but now

the prelude (1824–1829) 305

i thought, still traversing that wide-spread plain,

with tender pleasure of the verses graven

550

upon his tomb-stone, whispering to myself:

he loved the poets, and if now alive

would have loved me, as one not destitute

of promise, nor belying the kind hope

that he had formed, when i, at his command,

555

began to spin with toil my earliest songs.

—as i advanced, all that i saw or felt

was gentleness and peace. upon a small

and rocky island near, a fragment stood

(itself like a sea-rock), the low remains

560

(with shells encrusted, dark with briny weeds)

of a dilapidated structure, once

a romish chapel, where the vested priest

said matins at the hour that suited those

who crossed the sands with ebb of morning-tide;

565

not far from that still ruin all the plain

lay spotted with a variegated crowd

of vehicles, and travellers, horse and foot,

wading beneath the conduct of their guide

in loose procession through the shallow stream

570

of inland waters: the great sea, meanwhile,

heaved at safe distance, far retired. i paused,

longing for skill to paint a scene so bright

and chearful—but the foremost of the band

as he approached, no salutation given,

575

in the familiar language of the day

cried, “robespierre is dead!”—nor was a doubt,

after strict question, left within my mind

that he and his supporters all were fallen.

great was my transport, deep my gratitude

580

to everlasting justice, by this fiat

made manifest. “come now, ye golden times,”

said i, forth-pouring on those open sands

a hymn of triumph, “as the morning comes

from out the bosom of the night, come ye:

585

thus far our trust is verified; behold!

they who with clumsy desperation brought

306 the poems of william wordsworth

a river of blood, and preached that nothing else

could cleanse the augean stable, by the might

of their own helper have been swept away;

590

their madness stands declared and visible;

elsewhere will safety now be sought, and earth

march firmly towards righteousness and peace.”

— then schemes i framed more calmly, when, and how,

the madding factions might be tranquillized,

595

and how through hardships manifold and long

the glorious renovation would proceed.

thus interrupted by uneasy bursts

of exultation, i pursued my way

along that very shore which i had skimmed

600

in former days, when, spurring from the vale

of nightshade, and st mary’s mouldering fane,

and the stone abbot, after circuit made

in wantonness of heart, a joyous band

of school-boys, hastening to their distant home,

605

along the margin of the moon-light sea

we beat with thundering hoofs the level sand.

book eleventh

france, concluded

from that time forth authority in france

put on a milder face; terror had ceased,

yet every thing was wanting that might give

courage to them who looked for good by light

of rational experience, for the shoots

5

and hopeful blossoms of a second spring:

yet in me confidence was unimpaired;

the senate’s language and the public acts

and measures of the government, though both

weak, and of heartless omen, had not power

10

to daunt me; in the people was my trust

and in the virtues which mine eyes had seen.

i knew that wound external could not take

life from the young republic, that new foes

would only follow in the path of shame

15

their brethren, and her triumphs be in the end

the prelude (1824–1829) 307

great, universal, irresistible.

this intuition led me to confound

one victory with another, higher far,

triumphs of unambitious peace at home

20

and noiseless fortitude. beholding still

resistance strong as heretofore, i thought

that what was in degree the same was likewise

the same in quality, that as the worse

of the two spirits then at strife remained

25

untired, the better surely would preserve

the heart that first had roused him. youth maintains,

in all conditions of society,

communion more direct and intimate

with nature—hence, ofttimes, with reason too—

30

than age or manhood, even. to nature then

power had reverted: habit, custom, law,

had left an interregnum’s open space

for her to move about in, uncontrolled.

hence could i see how babel-like their task

35

who, by the recent deluge stupified,

with their whole souls went culling from the day

its petty promises, to build a tower

for their own safety; laughed with my compeers

at gravest heads, by enmity to france

40

distempered, till they found, in every blast

forced from the street-disturbing newsman’s horn,

for her great cause record or prophesy

of utter ruin. how might we believe

that wisdom could in any shape come near

45

men clinging to delusions so insane?

and thus, experience proving that no few

of our opinions had been just, we took

like credit to ourselves where less was due,

and thought that other notions were as sound,

50

yea, could not but be right, because we saw

that foolish men opposed them.

to a strain

more animated i might here give way,

and tell, since juvenile errors are my theme,

308 the poems of william wordsworth

what in those days through britain was performed

55

to turn all judgments out of their right course;

but this is passion overnear ourselves,

reality too close, and too intense,

and intermixed with something in my mind

of scorn and condemnation personal

60

that would profane the sanctity of verse.

—our shepherds, this say merely, at that time

acted, or seemed at least to act, like men

thirsting to make the guardian crook of law

a tool of murder; they who ruled the state,

65

though with such awful proof before their eyes

that he who would sow death, reaps death, or worse,

and can reap nothing better, child-like, longed

to imitate, not wise enough to avoid;

or left (by mere timidity betrayed)

70

the plain straight road for one no better chosen

than if their wish had been to undermine

justice, and make an end of liberty.

but from these bitter truths i must return

to my own history. it hath been told

75

that i was led to take an eager part

in arguments of civil polity

abruptly, and indeed before my time:

i had approached, like other youth, the shield

of human nature from the golden side,

80

and would have fought, even to the death, to attest

the quality of the metal which i saw.

what there is best in individual man,

of wise in passion, and sublime in power,

benevolent in small societies,

85

and great in large ones, i had oft revolved,

felt deeply, but not thoroughly understood

by reason: nay, far from it, they were yet,

as cause was given me afterwards to learn,

not proof against the injuries of the day,

90

lodged only at the sanctuary’s door,

not safe within its bosom. thus prepared,

and with such general insight into evil,

the prelude (1824–1829) 309

and of the bounds which sever it from good,

as books and common intercourse with life

95

must needs have given—to the inexperienced mind,

when the world travels in a beaten road,

guide faithful as is needed—i began

to meditate with ardour on the rule

and management of nations, what it is

100

and ought to be, and strove to learn how far

their power or weakness, wealth or poverty,

their happiness or misery, depend

upon their laws, and fashion of the state.

o pleasant exercise of hope and joy!

105

for mighty were the auxiliars which then stood

upon our side, we who were strong in love!

bliss was it in that dawn to be alive,

but to be young was very heaven! o times,

in which the meagre, stale, forbidding ways

110

of custom, law, and statute, took at once

the attraction of a country in romance!

when reason seemed the most to assert her rights,

when most intent on making of herself

a prime enchantress—to assist the work

115

which then was going forward in her name!

not favored spots alone, but the whole earth

the beauty wore of promise—that which sets

(as at some moments might not be unfelt

among the bowers of paradise itself)

120

the budding rose above the rose full blown.

what temper at the prospect did not wake

to happiness unthought of? the inert

were roused, and lively natures rapt away!

they who had fed their childhood upon dreams,

125

the play-fellows of fancy, who had made

all powers of swiftness, subtilty, and strength

their ministers,—who in lordly wise had stirred

among the grandest objects of the sense,

and dealt with whatsoever they found there

130

as if they had within some lurking right

to wield it;—they, too, who of gentle mood

310 the poems of william wordsworth

had watched all gentle motions, and to these

had fitted their own thoughts, schemers more mild,

and in the region of their peaceful selves;—

135

now was it that both found, the meek and lofty

did both find helpers to their hearts’ desire,

and stuff at hand, plastic as they could wish,—

were called upon to exercise their skill,

not in utopia,—subterranean fields,—

140

or some secreted island, heaven knows where!

but in the very world, which is the world

of all of us,—the place where in the end

we find our happiness, or not at all!

why should i not confess that earth was then

145

to me what an inheritance new-fallen

seems, when the first time visited, to one

who thither comes to find in it his home?

he walks about and looks upon the spot

with cordial transport, moulds it and remoulds,

150

and is half-pleased with things that are amiss,

’twill be such joy to see them disappear.

an active partisan, i thus convoked

from every object pleasant circumstance

to suit my ends; i moved among mankind

155

with genial feelings still predominant;

when erring, erring on the better part,

and in the kinder spirit; placable,

indulgent, as not uninformed that men

see as they have been taught, and that antiquity

160

gives rights to error; and aware no less

that throwing off oppression must be work

as well of licence as of liberty;

and above all, for this was more than all,

not caring if the wind did now and then

165

blow keen upon an eminence that gave

prospect so large into futurity;

in brief, a child of nature, as at first,

diffusing only those affections wider

that from the cradle had grown up with me,

170

and losing, in no other way than light

the prelude (1824–1829) 311

is lost in light, the weak in the more strong.

in the main outline, such, it might be said,

was my condition, till with open war

britain opposed the liberties of france;

175

this threw me first out of the pale of love,

soured, and corrupted, upwards to the source,

my sentiments; was not, as hitherto,

a swallowing up of lesser things in great;

but change of them into their contraries;

180

and thus a way was opened for mistakes

and false conclusions, in degree as gross,

in kind more dangerous. what had been a pride

was now a shame; my likings and my loves

ran in new channels, leaving old ones dry,

185

and hence a blow that in maturer age

would but have touched the judgement, struck more deep

into sensations near the heart; meantime,

as from the first, wild theories were afloat

to whose pretensions sedulously urged

190

i had but lent a careless ear, assured

that time was ready to set all things right,

and that the multitude so long oppressed

would be oppressed no more.

but when events

brought less encouragement, and unto these

195

the immediate proof of principles no more

could be entrusted, while the events themselves,

worn out in greatness, stripped of novelty,

less occupied the mind; and sentiments

could through my understanding’s natural growth

200

no longer keep their ground, by faith maintained

of inward consciousness, and hope that laid

her hand upon her object; evidence

safer, of universal application, such

as could not be impeached, was sought elsewhere.

205

but now, become oppressors in their turn,

frenchmen had changed a war of self-defence

for one of conquest, losing sight of all

which they had struggled for: and mounted up,

312 the poems of william wordsworth

openly in the eye of earth and heaven,

210

the scale of liberty. i read her doom

with anger vexed, with disappointment sore,

but not dismayed, nor taking to the shame

of a false prophet. while resentment rose,

striving to hide, what nought could heal, the wounds

215

of mortified presumption, i adhered

more firmly to old tenets, and, to prove

their temper, strained them more; and thus, in heat

of contest, did opinions every day

grow into consequence, till round my mind

220

they clung, as if they were its life, nay more,

the very being of the immortal soul.

this was the time when, all things tending fast

to depravation, speculative schemes

that promised to abstract the hopes of man

225

out of his feelings, to be fixed thenceforth

for ever in a purer element,

found ready welcome. tempting region that

for zeal to enter and refresh herself,

where passions had the privilege to work,

230

and never hear the sound of their own names:

but, speaking more in charity, the dream

flattered the young, pleased with extremes, nor least

with that which makes our reason’s naked self

the object of its fervour: what delight!

235

how glorious! in self-knowledge and self-rule

to look through all the frailties of the world,

and, with a resolute mastery shaking off

infirmities of nature, time, and place,

build social upon personal liberty,

240

which, to the blind restraints of general laws

superior, magisterially adopts

one guide, the light of circumstances, flashed

upon an independent intellect.

thus expectation rose again; thus hope,

245

from her first ground expelled, grew proud once more.

oft, as my thoughts were turned to human kind,

i scorned indifference; but, inflamed with thirst

the prelude (1824–1829) 313

of a secure intelligence, and sick

of other longing, i pursued what seemed

250

a more exalted nature, wished that man

should start out of his earthy worm-like state

and spread abroad the wings of liberty,

lord of himself in undisturbed delight;

a noble aspiration! yet i feel

255

(sustained by worthier as by wiser thoughts)

the aspiration, nor shall ever cease

to feel it; but return we to our course.

enough, ’tis true, could such a plea excuse

those aberrations, had the clamorous friends

260

of ancient institutions said and done

to bring disgrace upon their very names;

disgrace of which custom and written law,

and sundry moral sentiments as props

or emanations of those institutes,

265

too justly bore a part. a veil had been

uplifted; why deceive ourselves? in sooth,

’twas even so; and sorrow for the man

who either had not eyes wherewith to see,

or, seeing, had forgotten; a strong shock

270

was given to old opinions; all men’s minds

had felt its power, and mine was both let loose,

let loose and goaded. after what hath been

already said of patriotic love,

suffice it here to add, that, somewhat stern

275

in temperament, withal a happy man,

and therefore bold to look on painful things,

free likewise of the world, and thence more bold,

i summoned my best skill, and toiled, intent

to anatomize the frame of social life,

280

yea, the whole body of society

searched to its heart. share with me, friend! the wish

that some dramatic tale indued with shapes

livelier, and flinging out less guarded words

than suit the work we fashion, might set forth

285

what then i learned, or think i learned, of truth,

and the errors into which i fell, betrayed

314 the poems of william wordsworth

by present objects, and by reasonings false

from their beginnings, inasmuch as drawn

out of a heart that had been turned aside

290

from nature’s way by outward accidents,

and which was thus confounded more and more,

misguided and misguiding. so i fared,

dragging all precepts, judgments, maxims, creeds,

like culprits to the bar; calling the mind,

295

suspiciously, to establish in plain day

her titles and her honors, now believing,

now disbelieving, endlessly perplexed

with impulse, motive, right and wrong, the ground

of obligation, what the rule and whence

300

the sanction, till, demanding formal proof

and seeking it in every thing, i lost

all feeling of conviction, and, in fine,

sick, wearied out with contrarieties,

yielded up moral questions in despair.

305

this was the crisis of that strong disease,

this the soul’s last and lowest ebb; i drooped,

deeming our blessed reason of least use

where wanted most: the lordly attributes

of will and choice (i bitterly exclaimed),

310

what are they but a mockery of a being

who hath in no concerns of his a test

of good and evil? knows not what to fear

or hope for, what to covet or to shun?

and who, if those could be discerned, would yet

315

be little profited, would see, and ask

where is the obligation to enforce?

and, to acknowledged law rebellious, still

as selfish passion urged would act amiss:

the dupe of folly, or the slave of crime?

320

depressed, bewildered thus, i did not walk

with scoffers, seeking light and gay revenge

from indiscriminate laughter, nor sate down

in reconcilement with an utter waste

of intellect; such sloth i could not brook.

325

(too well i loved, in that my spring of life,

the prelude (1824–1829) 315

pains-taking thoughts and truth, their dear reward),

but turned to abstract science, and there sought

work for the reasoning faculty, enthroned

where the disturbances of space and time—

330

whether in matter’s various properties

inherent, or from human will and power

derived—find no admission.— then it was,

thanks to the bounteous giver of all good!

that the beloved woman in whose sight

335

those days were passed, now speaking in a voice

of sudden admonition—like a brook

that does but cross a lonely road, and now

seen, heard, and felt, and caught at every turn,

companion never lost through many a league—

340

maintained for me a saving intercourse

with my true self: for, though bedimmed and changed

both as a clouded and a waning moon,

she whispered still that brightness would return,

she in the midst of all preserved me still

345

a poet, made me seek beneath that name,

and that alone, my office upon earth.

and lastly, as hereafter will be shewn,

if willing audience fail not, nature’s self,

by all varieties of human love

350

assisted, led me back through opening day

to those sweet counsels between head and heart

whence grew that genuine knowledge fraught with peace

which, through the later sinkings of this cause,

hath still upheld me, and upholds me now

355

in the catastrophe (for so they dream,

and nothing less), when, finally to close

and rivet down the gains of france, a pope

is summoned in, to crown an emperor:

this last opprobrium, when we see a people

360

that once looked up in faith, as if to heaven

for manna, take a lesson from the dog

returning to his vomit; when the sun

that rose in splendour, was alive, and moved

in exultation with a living pomp

365

316 the poems of william wordsworth

of clouds—his glory’s natural retinue—

hath dropped all functions by the gods bestowed,

and, turned into a gewgaw, a machine,

sets like an opera phantom.

thus through times

of honor and through times of bitter shame

370

descending, have i faithfully retraced

the perturbations of a youthful mind

under a long-lived storm of great events—

a story destined for thy ear, who now

among the fallen of nations dost abide

375

where ætna over hill and valley casts

his shadow, stretching towards syracuse,

the city of timoleon. righteous heaven!

how are the mighty prostrated! they first,

they first of all that breathe should have awaked

380

when the great voice was heard from out the tombs

of ancient heroes. if i suffered grief

for ill-requited france, by many deemed

a trifler only in her proudest day;

have been distressed to think of what she once

385

promised, now is; a far more sober cause

thine eyes must see of sorrow in a land,

though with the wreck of loftier years bestrewn,

to the reanimating influence lost

of memory, to virtue lost and hope.

390

but indignation works where hope is not,

and thou, o friend! wilt be refreshed. there is

one great society alone on earth,

the noble living, and the noble dead.

thine be such converse strong and sanative,

395

a ladder for thy spirit to reascend

to health and joy and pure contentedness:

to me the grief confined that thou art gone

from this last spot of earth where freedom now

stands single in her only sanctuary;

400

a lonely wanderer art gone, by pain

compelled and sickness, at this latter day,

this sorrowful reverse for all mankind.

the prelude (1824–1829) 317

i feel for thee, must utter what i feel:

the sympathies erewhile in part discharged

405

gather afresh, and will have vent again;

my own delights do scarcely seem to me

my own delights; the lordly alps themselves,

those rosy peaks, from which the morning looks

abroad on many nations, for my mind

410

are not that image of pure gladsomeness

which they were wont to be: through kindred scenes,

for purpose, at a time how different!

thou tak’st thy way, carrying the heart and soul

that nature gives to poets, now by thought

415

matured, and in the summer of their strength.

oh! wrap him in your shades, ye giant woods

on etna’s side, and thou, o flowery field

of enna! is there not some nook of thine

from the first play-time of the infant world

420

kept sacred to restorative delight

when from afar invoked by anxious love?

child of the mountains, among shepherds reared,

ere yet familiar with the classic page,

i learnt to dream of sicily; and lo!

425

the gloom that, but a moment past, was deepened

at her command, at her command gives way;

sensations changing as thoughts shift their ground,

a pleasant promise, wafted from her shores,

comes o’er my heart: in fancy i behold

430

her seas yet smiling, her once happy vales,

nor can my tongue give utterance to a name

of note belonging to that honored isle,

philosopher or bard, empedocles,

or archimedes, pure abstracted soul!

435

that doth not yield a solace to my grief;

and o theocritus, so far have some

prevailed among the powers of heaven and earth

by their endowments good or great, that they

have had, as thou reportest, miracles

440

wrought for them in old time: yea, not unmoved

when thinking on my own beloved friend,

318 the poems of william wordsworth

i hear thee tell how bees with honey fed

divine comates, by his impious lord

within a chest imprisoned, how they came

445

laden from blooming grove or flowery field,

and fed him there, alive month after month,

because the goatherd, blessed man! had lips

wet with the muses’ nectar.

thus i soothe

the pensive moments by this calm fire side,

450

and find a thousand bounteous images

to chear the thoughts of those i love, and mine;

our prayers have been accepted, thou wilt stand

on etna’s summit above earth and sea

triumphant, winning from the invaded heavens

455

thoughts without bound, magnificent designs

worthy of poets who attuned the harp

in wood or echoing cave, for discipline

of heroes; or, in reverence to the gods,

’mid temples served by sapient priests and choirs

460

of virgins crowned with roses. not in vain

those temples, where they in their ruins yet

survive for inspiration, shall attract

thy solitary steps. and on the brink

thou wilt recline of pastoral arethuse;

465

or, if that fountain be in truth no more,

then near some other spring which by the name

thou gratulatest, willingly deceived,

i see thee linger, a glad votary,

and not a captive pining for his home.

470

book twelfth

imagination and taste, how impaired and restored

long time have human ignorance and guilt

detained us, on what spectacles of woe

compelled to look, and inwardly oppressed

with sorrow, disappointment, vexing thoughts,

confusion of the judgment, zeal decayed,

5

and, lastly, utter loss of hope itself

and things to hope for! not with these began

the prelude (1824–1829) 319

our song, and not with these our song must end.

ye motions of delight, that haunt the sides

of the green hills; ye breezes and soft airs,

10

whose subtile intercourse with breathing flowers,

feelingly watched, might teach man’s haughty race

how without injury to take, to give

without offence; ye who, as if to shew

the wondrous influence of power gently used,

15

bend the complying heads of lordly pines,

and with a touch shift the stupendous clouds

through the whole compass of the sky; ye brooks

muttering along the stones, a busy noise

by day, a quiet sound in silent night;

20

ye waves that out of the great deep steal forth

in a calm hour to kiss the pebbly shore,

not mute, and then retire, fearing no storm;

and you, ye groves, whose ministry it is

to interpose the covert of your shades,

25

even as a sleep, between the heart of man

and outward troubles, between man himself,

not seldom, and his own uneasy heart!

oh that i had a music and a voice

harmonious as your own, that i might tell

30

what ye have done for me! the morning shines,

nor heedeth man’s perverseness; spring returns,

i saw the spring return and could rejoice,

in common with the children of her love

piping on boughs, or sporting on fresh fields,

35

or boldly seeking pleasure nearer heaven

on wings that navigate cerulean skies.

so neither were complacency nor peace

nor tender yearnings wanting for my good

through those distracted times; in nature still

40

glorying, i found a counterpoise in her,

which, when the spirit of evil reached its height,

maintained for me a secret happiness.

this narrative, my friend, hath chiefly told

of intellectual power, fostering love,

45

dispensing truth, and over men and things,

320 the poems of william wordsworth

where reason yet might hesitate, diffusing

prophetic sympathies of genial faith.

so was i favored, such my happy lot,

until that natural graciousness of mind

50

gave way to overpressure from the times

and their disastrous issues. what availed,

when spells forbade the voyager to land,

that fragrant notice of a pleasant shore

wafted at intervals from many a bower

55

of blissful gratitude and fearless peace?

dare i avow that wish was mine to see,

and hope that future times would surely see,

the man to come parted as by a gulph

from him who had been, that i could no more

60

trust the elevation which had made me one

with the great family that still survives

to illuminate the abyss of ages past,

sage, warrior, patriot, hero?—for it seemed

that their best virtues were not free from taint

65

of something false and weak, that could not stand

the open eye of reason. then i said,

“go to the poets; they will speak to thee

more perfectly of purer creatures; yet

if reason be nobility in man,

70

can aught be more ignoble than the man

whom they delight in, blinded as he is

by prejudice, the miserable slave

of low ambition, or distempered love?”

in such strange passion (if i may once more

75

review the past) i warred against myself,

a bigot to a new idolatry;

like a cowled monk who hath forsworn the world,

zealously labour’d to cut off my heart

from all the sources of her former strength;

80

and as by simple waving of a wand

the wizard instantaneously dissolves

palace or grove, even so could i unsoul

as readily by syllogistic words

those mysteries of being which have made,

85

the prelude (1824–1829) 321

and shall continue evermore to make,

of the whole human race one brotherhood.

what wonder, then, if to a mind so far

perverted, even the visible universe

fell under the dominion of a taste

90

less spiritual, with microscopic view

was scanned, as i had scanned the moral world?

oh soul of nature, excellent and fair!

that didst rejoice with me, with whom i too

rejoiced, through early youth, before the winds

95

and roaring waters, and in lights and shades

that marched and countermarched about the hills

in glorious apparition, powers on whom

i daily waited, now all eye and now

all ear; but never long without the heart

100

employed, and man’s unfolding intellect!

oh soul of nature! that, by laws divine

sustained and governed, still dost overflow

with an impassioned life, what feeble ones

walk on this earth! how feeble have i been

105

when thou wert in thy strength! nor this through stroke

of human suffering, such as justifies

remissness and inaptitude of mind,

but through presumption; even in pleasure pleased

unworthily, disliking here, and there

110

liking; by rules of mimic art transferred

to things above all art, but more,—for this,

although a strong infection of the age,

was never much my habit—giving way

to a comparison of scene with scene,

115

bent overmuch on superficial things,

pampering myself with meagre novelties

of colour and proportion, to the moods

of time and season, to the moral power,

the affections and the spirit of the place,

120

insensible. nor only did the love

of sitting thus in judgment interrupt

my deeper feelings, but another cause,

more subtile and less easily explained,

322 the poems of william wordsworth

that almost seems inherent in the creature,

125

a twofold frame of body and of mind.

i speak in recollection of a time

when the bodily eye, in every stage of life

the most despotic of our senses, gained

such strength in me as often held my mind

130

in absolute dominion. gladly here,

entering upon abstruser argument,

could i endeavour to unfold the means

which nature studiously employs to thwart

this tyranny, summons all the senses each

135

to counteract the other, and themselves,

and makes them all, and the objects with which all

are conversant, subservient in their turn

to the great ends of liberty and power.

but leave we this: enough that my delights

140

(such as they were) were sought insatiably.

vivid the transport, vivid, though not profound;

i roamed from hill to hill, from rock to rock,

still craving combinations of new forms,

new pleasure, wider empire for the sight,

145

proud of her own endowments, and rejoiced

to lay the inner faculties asleep.

amid the turns and counterturns, the strife

and various trials of our complex being,

as we grow up, such thraldom of that sense

150

seems hard to shun. and yet i knew a maid,

a young enthusiast, who escaped these bonds;

her eye was not the mistress of her heart;

far less did rules prescribed by passive taste

or barren intermeddling subtleties

155

perplex her mind; but, wise as women are

when genial circumstance hath favoured them,

she welcomed what was given and craved no more;

whate’er the scene presented to her view,

that was the best, to that she was attuned

160

by her benign simplicity of life

and through a perfect happiness of soul

whose variegated feelings were in this

the prelude (1824–1829) 323

sisters, that they were each some new delight.

birds in the bower, and lambs in the green field,

165

could they have known her, would have loved; methought

her very presence such a sweetness breathed

that flowers, and trees, and even the silent hills,

and every thing she looked on should have had

an intimation how she bore herself

170

towards them and to all creatures. god delights

in such a being; for her common thoughts

are piety, her life is gratitude.

even like this maid, before i was called forth

from the retirement of my native hills,

175

i loved whate’er i saw: nor lightly loved,

but most intensely; never dreamt of aught

more grand, more fair, more exquisitely framed

than those few nooks to which my happy feet

were limited. i had not at that time

180

lived long enough, nor in the least survived

the first diviner influence of this world

as it appears to unaccustomed eyes.

worshipping then among the depth of things

as piety ordained, could i submit

185

to measured admiration, or to aught

that should preclude humility and love?

i felt, observed, and pondered; did not judge,

yea, never thought of judging; with the gift

of all this glory filled and satisfied.

190

and afterwards, when through the gorgeous alps

roaming, i carried with me the same heart:

in truth, the degradation, howsoe’er

induced, effect in whatsoe’er degree

of custom that prepares a partial scale

195

in which the little oft outweighs the great,

or any other cause that hath been named;

or lastly, aggravated by the times,

and their empassioned sounds, which well might make

the milder minstrelsies of rural scenes

200

inaudible, was transient; i had known

too forcibly, too early in my life,

324 the poems of william wordsworth

visitings of imaginative power

for this to last: i shook the habit off

entirely and for ever, and again.

205

in nature’s presence stood, as now i stand,

a sensitive being, a creative soul.

there are in our existence spots of time,

that with distinct pre-eminence retain

a renovating virtue, whence, depressed

210

by false opinion and contentious thought,

or aught of heavier or more deadly weight,

in trivial occupations, and the round

of ordinary intercourse, our minds

are nourished and invisibly repaired;

215

a virtue by which pleasure is inhanced,

that penetrates, enables us to mount,

when high, more high, and lifts us up when fallen.

this efficacious spirit chiefly lurks

among those passages of life that give

220

profoundest knowledge how and to what point

the mind is lord and master—outward sense

the obedient servant of her will. such moments

are scattered every where, taking their date

from our first childhood. i remember well

225

that once, while yet my inexperienced hand

could scarcely hold a bridle, with proud hopes

i mounted, and we journied towards the hills:

an ancient servant of my father’s house

was with me, my encourager and guide.

230

we had not travelled long ere some mischance

disjoined me from my comrade, and, through fear

dismounting, down the rough and stony moor

i led my horse, and, stumbling on, at length

came to a bottom, where in former times

235

a murderer had been hung in iron chains.

the gibbet mast had mouldered down, the bones

and iron case were gone, but on the turf

hard by, soon after that fell deed was wrought,

some unknown hand had carved the murderer’s name.

240

the monumental letters were inscribed

the prelude (1824–1829) 325

in times long past, but still from year to year,

by superstition of the neighbourhood,

the grass is cleared away, and to that hour

the characters were fresh and visible.

245

a casual glance had shewn them, and i fled,

faultering and faint and ignorant of the road:

then, reascending the bare common, saw

a naked pool that lay beneath the hills,

the beacon on its summit, and, more near,

250

a girl who bore a pitcher on her head,

and seemed with difficult steps to force her way

against the blowing wind. it was in truth

an ordinary sight; but i should need

colors and words that are unknown to man

255

to paint the visionary dreariness

which, while i looked all round for my lost guide,

invested moorland waste and naked pool,

the beacon crowning the lone eminence,

the female and her garments vexed and tossed

260

by the strong wind.—when, in the blessed hours

of early love, the loved one at my side,

i roamed, in daily presence of this scene,

upon the naked pool and dreary crags,

and on the melancholy beacon, fell

265

a spirit of pleasure, and youth’s golden gleam;

and think ye not with radiance more sublime

for these remembrances, and for the power

they had left behind? so feeling comes in aid

of feeling, and diversity of strength

270

attends us, if but once we have been strong.

oh! mystery of man, from what a depth

proceed thy honors! i am lost, but see

in simple child-hood something of the base

on which thy greatness stands; but this i feel,

275

that from thyself it comes, that thou must give,

else never canst receive. the days gone by

return upon me almost from the dawn

of life: the hiding-places of man’s power

open; i would approach them, but they close.

280

326 the poems of william wordsworth

i see by glimpses now; when age comes on

may scarcely see at all, and i would give,

while yet we may, as far as words can give,

substance and life to what i feel, enshrining,

such is my hope, the spirit of the past

285

for future restoration.— yet another

of these memorials.

one christmas-time,

on the glad eve of its dear holidays,

feverish, and tired, and restless, i went forth

into the fields, impatient for the sight

290

of those led palfreys that should bear us home,

my brothers and myself. there rose a crag

that, from the meeting point of two highways

ascending, overlooked them both, far stretched;

thither, uncertain on which road to fix

295

my expectation, thither i repaired,

scout-like, and gained the summit; ’twas a day

tempestuous, dark, and wild, and on the grass

i sate, half-sheltered by a naked wall;

upon my right hand couched a single sheep,

300

upon my left a blasted hawthorn stood:

with those companions at my side, i sate,

straining my eyes intensely, as the mist

gave intermitting prospect of the copse

and plain beneath. ere we to school returned

305

that dreary time, ere we had been ten days

sojourners in my father’s house, he died,

and i and my three brothers, orphans then,

followed his body to the grave. the event,

with all the sorrow that it brought, appeared

310

a chastisement; and when i called to mind

that day so lately passed, when from the crag

i looked in such anxiety of hope,

with trite reflections of morality,

yet in the deepest passion, i bowed low

315

to god, who thus corrected my desires;

and afterwards, the wind and sleety rain

and all the business of the elements,

the prelude (1824–1829) 327

the single sheep, and the one blasted tree,

and the bleak music of that old stone wall,

320

the noise of wood and water, and the mist

that on the line of each of those two roads

advanced in such indisputable shapes;

all these were kindred spectacles and sounds

to which i oft repaired, and thence would drink

325

as at a fountain; and on winter nights,

down to this very time, when storm and rain

beat on my roof, or haply at noon-day,

while in a grove i walk whose lofty trees,

laden with summer’s thickest foliage, rock

330

in a strong wind, some working of the spirit,

some inward agitations, thence are brought,

whate’er their office, whether to beguile

thoughts over-busy in the course they took,

or animate an hour of vacant ease.

335

book thirteenth

subject concluded

from nature doth emotion come, and moods

of calmness equally are nature’s gift:

this is her glory; these two attributes

are sister horns that constitute her strength.

hence genius, born to thrive by interchange

5

of peace and excitation, finds in her

his best and purest friend, from her receives

that energy by which he seeks the truth,

from her that happy stillness of the mind

which fits him to receive it, when unsought.

10

such benefit the humblest intellects

partake of, each in their degree: ’tis mine

to speak of what myself have known and felt.

smooth task! for words find easy way, inspired

by gratitude and confidence in truth.

15

long time in search of knowledge did i range

the field of human life, in heart and mind

benighted, but the dawn beginning now

to reappear, ’twas proved that not in vain

328 the poems of william wordsworth

i had been taught to reverence a power

20

that is the visible quality and shape

and image of right reason, that matures

her processes by steadfast laws, gives birth

to no impatient or fallacious hopes,

no heat of passion or excessive zeal,

25

no vain conceits,—provokes to no quick turns

of self-applauding intellect,—but trains

to meekness, and exalts by humble faith;

holds up before the mind, intoxicate

with present objects, and the busy dance

30

of things that pass away, a temperate shew

of objects that endure; and by this course

disposes her, when over-fondly set

on throwing off incumbrances, to seek

in man, and in the frame of social life,

35

whate’er there is desireable and good

of kindred permanence, unchanged in form

and function, or through strict vicissitude

of life and death revolving. above all

were re-established now those watchful thoughts

40

which (seeing little worthy or sublime

in what the historian’s pen so much delights

to blazon, power and energy detached

from moral purpose) early tutored me

to look with feelings of fraternal love

45

upon the unassuming things that hold

a silent station in this beauteous world.

thus moderated, thus composed, i found

once more in man an object of delight,

of pure imagination, and of love;

50

and, as the horizon of my mind enlarged,

again i took the intellectual eye

for my instructor, studious more to see

great truths, than touch and handle little ones.

knowledge was given accordingly; my trust

55

became more firm in feelings that had stood

the test of such a trial; clearer far

my sense of excellence—of right and wrong:

the prelude (1824–1829) 329

the promise of the present time retired

into its true proportion; sanguine schemes,

60

ambitious projects, pleased me less; i sought

for present good in life’s familiar face,

and built thereon my hopes of good to come.

with settling judgments now of what would last

and what must disappear, prepared to find

65

presumption, folly, madness, in the men

who thrust themselves upon the passive world

as rulers of the world, to see in these,

even when the public welfare is their aim,

plans without thought, or built on theories

70

vague and unsound, and having brought the books

of modern statists to their proper test,

life, human life with all its sacred claims

of sex and age, and heaven-descended rights

mortal, or those beyond the reach of death;

75

and having thus discerned how dire a thing

is worshipped in that idol proudly named

“the wealth of nations,” where alone that wealth

is lodged, and how encreased; and having gained

a more judicious knowledge of the worth

80

and dignity of individual man,

no composition of the brain, but man

of whom we read, the man whom we behold

with our own eyes—i could not but enquire,

not with less interest than heretofore,

85

but greater, though in spirit more subdued,

why is this glorious creature to be found

one only in ten thousand? what one is,

why may not millions be? what bars are thrown

by nature in the way of such a hope?

90

our animal appetites, and daily wants,

are these obstructions insurmountable?

if not, then others vanish into air.

“inspect the basis of the social pile:

enquire,” said i, “how much of mental power

95

and genuine virtue they possess who live

by bodily toil, labour exceeding far

330 the poems of william wordsworth

their due proportion, under all the weight

of that injustice which upon ourselves

ourselves entail.” such estimate to frame

100

i chiefly looked (what need to look beyond?)

among the natural abodes of men,

fields with their rural works, recalled to mind

my earliest notices, with these compared

the observations made in later youth,

105

and to that day continued.—for the time

had never been when throes of mightiest nations

and the world’s tumult unto me could yield,

how far soe’er transported and possessed,

full measure of content; but still i craved

110

an intermingling of distinct regards

and truths of individual sympathy

nearer ourselves. such often might be gleaned

from the great city, else it must have proved

to me a heart-depressing wilderness;

115

but much was wanting; therefore did i turn

to you, ye pathways, and ye lonely roads;

sought you enriched with every thing i prized,

with human kindnesses and simple joys.

oh! next to one dear state of bliss, vouchsafed

120

alas! to few in this untoward world,

the bliss of walking daily in life’s prime

through field or forest with the maid we love,

while yet our hearts are young, while yet we breathe

nothing but happiness; in some lone nook,

125

deep vale, or any where, the home of both,

from which it would be misery to stir;

oh! next to such enjoyment of our youth,

in my esteem, next to such dear delight

was that of wandering on from day to day

130

where i could meditate in peace, and cull

knowledge that step by step might lead me on

to wisdom; or, as lightsome as a bird

wafted upon the wind from distant lands,

sing notes of greeting to strange fields or groves,

135

which lacked not voice to welcome me in turn;

the prelude (1824–1829) 331

and when that pleasant toil had ceased to please,

converse with men, where if we meet a face

we almost meet a friend: on naked heaths

with long long ways before, by cottage bench

140

or well-spring, where the weary traveller rests.

who doth not love to follow with his eye

the windings of a public way? the sight

hath wrought on my imagination since the morn

of childhood, when a disappearing line,

145

one daily present to my eyes, that crossed

the naked summit of a far-off hill

beyond the limits that my feet had trod,

was like an invitation into space

boundless, or guide into eternity!

150

yes, something of the grandeur which invests

the mariner who sails the roaring sea

through storm and darkness, early in my mind

surrounded, too, the wanderers of the earth—

grandeur as much, and loveliness far more.

155

awed have i been by strolling bedlamites,

from many other uncouth vagrants (passed

in fear) have walked with quicker step; but why

take note of this? when i began to enquire,

to watch and question those i met, and speak

160

without reserve to them, the lonely roads

were open schools in which i daily read

with most delight the passions of mankind,

whether by words, looks, sighs, or tears revealed;

there saw into the depth of human souls—

165

souls that appear to have no depth at all

to careless eyes. and now—convinced at heart

how little those formalities, to which

with overweening trust alone we give

the name of education, have to do

170

with real feeling and just sense, how vain

a correspondence with the talking world

proves to the most, and called to make good search

if man’s estate, by doom of nature yoked

with toil, is therefore yoked with ignorance,

175

332 the poems of william wordsworth

if virtue be indeed so hard to rear,

and intellectual strength so rare a boon—

i prized such walks still more, for there i found

hope to my hope, and to my pleasure peace

and steadiness; and healing and repose

180

to every angry passion. there i heard,

from mouths of men obscure and lowly, truths

replete with honour; sounds in unison

with loftiest promises of good and fair.

there are who think that strong affections, love

185

known by whatever name, is falsely deemed

a gift, to use a term which they would use,

of vulgar nature, that its growth requires

retirement, leisure, language purified

by manners studied and elaborate;

190

that whoso feels such passion in its strength

must live within the very light and air

of courteous usages refined by art.

true is it where oppression worse than death

salutes the being at his birth, where grace

195

of culture hath been utterly unknown,

and poverty and labour in excess

from day to day preoccupy the ground

of the affections, and to nature’s self

oppose a deeper nature; there indeed

200

love cannot be, nor does it thrive with ease

among the close and overcrowded haunts

of cities, where the human heart is sick

and the eye feeds it not, and cannot feed.

—yes, in those wanderings deeply did i feel

205

how we mislead each other; above all,

how books mislead us, seeking their reward

from judgments of the wealthy few, who see

by artificial lights; how they debase

the many for the pleasure of those few;

210

effeminately level down the truth

to certain general notions for the sake

of being understood at once, or else

through want of better knowledge in the heads

the prelude (1824–1829) 333

that framed them, flattering self-conceit with words

215

that, while they most ambitiously set forth

extrinsic differences, the outward marks

whereby society has parted man

from man, neglect the universal heart.

here, calling up to mind what then i saw,

220

a youthful traveller, and see daily now

in the familiar circuit of my home,

here might i pause and bend in reverence

to nature, and the power of human minds,

to men as they are men within themselves.

225

how oft high service is performed within,

when all the external man is rude in shew!

not like a temple rich with pomp and gold,

but a mere mountain chapel that protects

its simple worshippers from sun and shower.

230

of these, said i, shall be my song, of these,

if future years mature me for the task,

will i record the praises, making verse

deal boldly with substantial things; in truth

and sanctity of passion speak of these,

235

that justice may be done, obeisance paid

where it is due: thus haply shall i teach,

inspire, through unadulterated ears

pour rapture, tenderness, and hope, my theme

no other than the very heart of man

240

as found among the best of those who live

not unexalted by religious faith,

nor uninformed by books, good books, though few,

in nature’s presence: thence may i select

sorrow, that is not sorrow, but delight,

245

and miserable love that is not pain

to hear of, for the glory that redounds

therefrom to human kind and what we are.

be mine to follow with no timid step

where knowledge leads me; it shall be my pride

250

that i have dared to tread this holy ground,

speaking no dream, but things oracular,

matter not lightly to be heard by those

334 the poems of william wordsworth

who to the letter of the outward promise

do read the invisible soul, by men adroit

255

in speech, and for communion with the world

accomplished, minds whose faculties are then

most active when they are most eloquent,

and elevated most, when most admired.

men may be found of other mold than these,

260

who are their own upholders, to themselves

encouragement, and energy, and will,

expressing liveliest thoughts in lively words

as native passion dictates. others, too,

there are, among the walks of homely life,

265

still higher, men for contemplation framed,

shy, and unpractised in the strife of phrase,

meek men, whose very souls perhaps would sink

beneath them, summoned to such intercourse:

theirs is the language of the heavens, the power,

270

the thought, the image, and the silent joy;

words are but under-agents in their souls;

when they are grasping with their greatest strength

they do not breathe among them; this i speak

in gratitude to god, who feeds our hearts

275

for his own service; knoweth, loveth us

when we are unregarded by the world.

also, about this time did i receive

convictions still more strong than heretofore

not only that the inner frame is good,

280

and graciously composed, but that, no less,

nature for all conditions wants not power

to consecrate, if we have eyes to see,

the outside of her creatures, and to breathe

grandeur upon the very humblest face

285

of human life. i felt that the array

of act and circumstance, and visible form,

is mainly, to the pleasure of the mind,

what passion makes them, that meanwhile the forms

of nature have a passion in themselves

290

that intermingles with those works of man

to which she summons him; although the works

the prelude (1824–1829) 335

be mean, have nothing lofty of their own;

and that the genius of the poet hence

may boldly take his way among mankind

295

wherever nature leads, that he hath stood

by nature’s side among the men of old,

and so shall stand for ever. dearest friend,

if thou partake the animating faith

that poets, even as prophets, each with each

300

connected in a mighty scheme of truth,

have each his own peculiar faculty,

heaven’s gift, a sense that fits him to perceive

objects unseen before, thou wilt not blame

the humblest of this band who dares to hope

305

that unto him hath also been vouchsafed

an insight, that in some sort he possesses

a privilege, whereby a work of his,

proceeding from a source of untaught things,

creative and enduring, may become

310

a power like one of nature’s. to a hope

not less ambitious once among the wilds

of sarum’s plain my youthful spirit was raised;

there, as i ranged at will the pastoral downs

trackless and smooth, or paced the bare white roads

315

lengthening in solitude their dreary line,

time with his retinue of ages fled

backwards, nor checked his flight until i saw

our dim ancestral past in vision clear;

saw multitudes of men, and here and there

320

a single briton clothed in wolf-skin vest,

with shield and stone-axe, stride across the wold;

the voice of spears was heard, the rattling spear

shaken by arms of mighty bone, in strength,

long mouldered, of barbaric majesty.

325

i called on darkness—but before the word

was uttered, midnight darkness seemed to take

all objects from my sight; and lo! again

the desart visible by dismal flames;

it is the sacrificial altar, fed

330

with living men—how deep the groans! the voice

336 the poems of william wordsworth

of those that crowd the giant wicker thrills

the monumental hillocks, and the pomp

is for both worlds, the living and the dead.

at other moments (for through that wide waste

335

three summer days i roamed) where’er the plan

was figured o’er with circles, lines, or mounds,

that yet survive, a work, as some divine,

shaped by the druids, so to represent

their knowledge of the heavens, and image forth

340

the constellations; gently was i charmed

into a waking dream, a reverie

that with believing eyes, where’er i turned,

beheld long-bearded teachers with white wands

uplifted, pointing to the starry sky

345

alternately, and plain below, while breath

of music swayed their motions, and the waste

rejoiced with them and me in those sweet sounds.

this for the past, and things that may be viewed

or fancied, in the obscurity of years

350

from monumental hints: and thou, o friend!

pleased with some unpremeditated strains

that served those wanderings to beguile, hast sad

that then and there my mind had exercised

upon the vulgar forms of present things,

355

the actual world of our familiar days,

yet higher power, had caught from them a tone,

an image, and a character, by books

not hitherto reflected. call we this

a partial judgement—and yet why? for then

360

we were as strangers; and i may not speak

thus wrongfully of verse, however rude,

which on thy young imagination, trained

in the great city, broke like light from far.

moreover, each man’s mind is to herself

365

witness and judge; and i remember well

that in life’s every-day appearances

i seemed about this time to gain clear sight

of a new world, a world, too, that was fit

to be transmitted and to other eyes

370

made visible, as ruled by those fixed laws

the prelude (1824–1829) 337

whence spiritual dignity originates,

which do both give it being and maintain

a balance, an ennobling interchange

of action from without, and from within;

375

the excellence, pure function, and best power

both of the object seen, and eye that sees.

book fourteenth

conclusion

in one of those excursions (may they ne’er

fade from remembrance!), through the northern tracts

of cambria ranging with a youthful friend,

i left bethgellert’s huts at couching-time,

and westward took my way, to see the sun

5

rise from the top of snowdon. to the door

of a rude cottage at the mountain’s base

we came, and rouzed the shepherd who attends

the adventurous stranger’s steps, a trusty guide;

then, cheered by short refreshment, sallied forth.

10

—it was a close, warm, breezeless summer night,

wan, dull, and glaring, with a dripping fog

low-hung and thick, that covered all the sky.

but, undiscouraged, we began to climb

the mountain-side. the mist soon girt us round,

15

and, after ordinary travellers’ talk

with our conductor, pensively we sank

each into commerce with his private thoughts:

thus did we breast the ascent, and by myself

was nothing either seen or heard that checked

20

those musings or diverted, save that once

the shepherd’s lurcher, who, among the crags,

had to his joy unearthed a hedgehog, teased

his coiled-up prey with barkings turbulent.

this small adventure, for even such it seemed

25

in that wild place, and at the dead of night,

being over and forgotten, on we wound

in silence as before. with forehead bent

earthward, as if in opposition set

against an enemy, i panted up

30

338 the poems of william wordsworth

with eager pace, and no less eager thoughts.

thus might we wear a midnight hour away,

ascending at loose distance each from each

and i, as chanced, the foremost of the bard:

when at my feet the ground appeared to brighten,

35

and with a step or two seemed brighter still;

nor was time given to ask, or learn, the cause;

for instantly a light upon the turf

fell like a flash; and lo! as i looked up,

the moon hung naked in a firmament

40

of azure without cloud, and at my feet

rested a silent sea of hoary mist.

a hundred hills their dusky backs upheavd

all over this still ocean; and beyond,

far, far beyond, the solid vapours stretched,

45

in headlands, tongues, and promontory shapes,

into the main atlantic, that appeared

to dwindle, and give up his majesty,

usurped upon far as the sight could reach

not so the ethereal vault; encroachment none

50

was there, nor loss; only the inferior stars

had disappeared, or shed a fainter light

in the clear presence of the full-orbed moon;

who, from her sovereign elevation, gazed

upon the billowy ocean, as it lay

55

all meek and silent, save that through a rift

not distant from the shore whereon we stood,

a fixed, abysmal, gloomy breathing-place,

mounted the roar of waters—torrents—streams

innumerable, roaring with one voice!

60

heard over earth and sea, and in that hour,

for so it seemed, felt by the starry heavens.

when into air had partially dissolved

that vision, given to spirits of the night,

and three chance human wanderers, in calm thought

65

reflected, it appeared to me the type

of a majestic intellect, its acts

and its possessions, what it has and craves,

what in itself it is, and would become.

the prelude (1824–1829) 339

there i beheld the emblem of a mind

70

that feeds upon infinity, that broods

over the dark abyss, intent to hear

its voices issuing forth to silent light

in one continuous stream; a mind sustained

by recognitions of transcendent power

75

in sense, conducting to ideal form;

in soul, of more than mortal privilege.

one function, above all, of such a mind

had nature shadowed there, by putting forth,

’mid circumstances awful and sublime,

80

that mutual domination which she loves

to exert upon the face of outward things,

so moulded, joined, abstracted; so endowed

with interchangeable supremacy,

that men least sensitive see, hear, perceive,

85

and cannot chuse but feel. the power which all

acknowledge when thus moved, which nature thus

to bodily sense exhibits, is the express

resemblance of that glorious faculty

that higher minds bear with them as their own.

90

this is the very spirit in which they deal

with the whole compass of the universe:

they, from their native selves, can send abroad

kindred mutations; for themselves create

a like existence; and whene’er it dawns

95

created for them, catch it;—or are caught

by its inevitable mastery,

like angels stopped upon the wing by sound

of harmony from heaven’s remotest spheres.

them the enduring and the transient both

100

serve to exalt; they build up greatest things

from least suggestions; ever on the watch,

willing to work and to be wrought upon,

they need not extraordinary calls

to rouse them, in a world of life they live;

105

by sensible impressions not enthralled,

but, by their quickening impulse, made more prompt

to hold fit converse with the spiritual world,

340 the poems of william wordsworth

and with the generations of mankind

spread over time, past, present, and to come,

110

age after age, till time shall be no more.

such minds are truly from the deity,

for they are powers; and hence the highest bliss

that flesh can know is theirs,—the consciousness

of whom they are, habitually infused

115

through every image, and through every thought,

and all affections by communion raised

from earth to heaven, from human to divine.

hence endless occupation for the soul,

whether discursive or intuitive;

120

hence chearfulness for acts of daily life,

emotions which best foresight need not fear,

most worthy then of trust when most intense:

hence, amid ills that vex, and wrongs that crush

our hearts, if here the words of holy writ

125

may with fit reverence be applied, that peace

which passeth understanding,—that repose

in moral judgements which from this pure source

must come, or will by man be sought in vain.

oh! who is he that hath his whole life long

130

preserved, enlarged, this freedom in himself?

for this alone is genuine liberty.

where is the favoured being who hath held

that course, unchecked, unerring, and untired,

in one perpetual progress smooth and bright?

135

—a humbler destiny have we retraced,

and told of lapse and hesitating choice,

and backward wanderings along thorny ways:

yet, compassed round by mountain solitudes

within whose solemn temple i received

140

my earliest visitations, careless then

of what was given me; and which now i range

a meditative, oft a suffering man,

do i declare, in accents which, from truth

deriving chearful confidence, shall blend

145

their modulation with these vocal streams,

that, whatsoever falls my better mind

the prelude (1824–1829) 341

revolving with the accidents of life

may have sustained, that, howsoe’er misled,

never did i, in quest of right and wrong,

150

tamper with conscience from a private aim;

nor was in any public hope the dupe

of selfish passions; nor did ever yield,

wilfully, to mean cares or low pursuits;

but shrunk with apprehensive jealousy

155

from every combination which might aid

the tendency, too potent in itself,

of use and custom to bow down the soul

under a growing weight of vulgar sense,

and substitute a universe of death

160

for that which moves with light and life informed,

actual, divine, and true. to fear and love,

to love as prime and chief, for there fear ends,

be this ascribed; to early intercourse

in presence of sublime or beautiful forms

165

with the adverse principles of pain and joy—

evil, as one is rashly named by men

who know not what they speak. by love subsists

all lasting grandeur, by pervading love;

that gone, we are as dust.—behold the fields

170

in balmy spring-time full of rising flowers

and joyous creatures; see that pair, the lamb

and the lamb’s mother, and their tender ways

shall touch thee to the heart; thou callest this love,

and not inaptly so, for love it is,

175

far as it carries thee. in some green bower

rest, and be not alone, but have thou there

the one who is thy choice of all the world:

there linger, listening, gazing with delight

impassioned, but delight how pitiable!

180

unless this love by a still higher love

be hallowed, love that breathes not without awe;

love that adores, but on the knees of prayer,

by heaven inspired; that frees from chains the soul,

bearing in union with the purest, best

185

of earth-born passions, on the wings of praise,

342 the poems of william wordsworth

a mutual tribute to the almighty’s throne.

this spiritual love acts not, nor can exist

without imagination, which in truth

is but another name for absolute power

190

and clearest insight, amplitude of mind,

and reason, in her most exalted mood.

this faculty hath been the feeding source

of our long labor: we have traced the stream

from the blind cavern whence is faintly heard

195

its natal murmur; followed it to light

and open day; accompanied its course

among the ways of nature; for a time

lost sight of it, bewildered and engulphed;

then given it greeting as it rose once more

200

in strength, reflecting from its placid breast

the works of man, and face of human life;

and lastly, from its progress have we drawn

faith in life endless, the sustaining thought

of human being, eternity, and god.

205

—imagination having been our theme,

so also hath that intellectual love,

for they are each in each, and cannot stand

dividually.—here must thou be, o man!

power to thyself; no helper hast thou here;

210

here keepest thou in singleness thy state;

no other can divide with thee this work;

no secondary hand can intervene

to fashion this ability; ’tis thine,

the prime and vital principle is thine

215

in the recesses of thy nature, far

from any reach of outward fellowship,

else is not thine at all. but joy to him,

oh, joy to him who here hath sown, hath laid

here the foundation of his future years!

220

for all that friendship, all that love can do,

all that a darling countenance can look

or dear voice utter to complete the man,

perfect him, made imperfect in himself,

all shall be his: and he whose soul hath risen

225

the prelude (1824–1829) 343

up to the height of feeling intellect

shall want no humbler tenderness, his heart

be tender as a nursing mother’s heart;

of female softness shall his life be full,

of humble cares, and delicate desires,

230

mild interests and gentlest sympathies.

child of my parents! sister of my soul!

thanks in sincerest verse have been elsewhere

poured out for all the early tenderness

which i from thee imbibed: and ’tis most true

235

that later seasons owed to thee no less;

for spite of thy sweet influence and the touch

of kindred hands that opened out the springs

of genial thought in childhood, and in spite

of all that, unassisted, i had marked,

240

in life or nature, of dose charms minute

that win their way into the heart by stealth,

still, to the very going out of youth,

i too exclusively esteemed that love,

and sought that beauty, which, as milton sings,

245

hath terror in it. thou didst soften down

this over-sternness: rut for thee, dear friend,

my soul, too reckless of mild grace, had stood

in her original self too confident,

retained too long a countenance severe,

250

a rock with torrents roaring, with the clouds

familiar, and a favorite of the stars:

but thou didst plant its crevices with flowers,

hang it with shrubs that twinkle in the breeze,

and teach the little birds to build their nests

255

and warble in its chambers. at a time

when nature, destined to remain so long

foremost in my affections, had fallen back

into a second place, pleased to become

a handmaid to a nobler than herself,

260

when every day brought with it some new sense

of exquisite regard for common things,

and all the earth was budding with these gifts

of more refined humanity, thy breath,

344 the poems of william wordsworth

dear sister, was a kind of gentler spring

265

that went before my steps. thereafter came

one, whom with thee friendship had early paired;

she came, no more a phantom to adorn

a moment, but an inmate of the heart,

and yet a spirit, there for me enshrined

270

to penetrate the lofty and the low;

even as one essence of pervading light

shines in the brightest of ten thousand stars,

and the meek worm that feeds her lonely lamp

couched in the dewy grass.

with such a theme,

275

coleridge! with this my argument, of thee

shall i be silent? o capacious soul!

placed on this earth to love and understand,

and from thy presence shed the light of love,

shall i be mute ere thou be spoken of?

280

thy kindred influence to my heart of hearts

did also find its way. thus fear relaxed

her overweening grasp, thus thoughts and things

in the self-haunting spirit learned to take

more rational proportions; mystery,

285

the incumbent mystery of sense and soul,

of life and death, time and eternity,

admitted more habitually a mild

interposition—a serene delight

in closelier gathering cares, such as become

290

a human creature, howsoe’er endowed,

poet, or destined for a humbler name;

and so the deep enthusiastic joy,

the rapture of the hallelujah sent

from all that breathes and is, was chastened, stemmed,

295

and balanced by pathetic truth, by trust

in hopeful reason, leaning on the stay

of providence;—and in reverence for duty,

here, if need be, struggling with storms, and there

strewing in peace life’s humblest ground with herbs

300

at every season green, sweet at all hours.

and now, o friend! this history is brought

the prelude (1824–1829) 345

to its appointed close: the discipline

and consummation of a poet’s mind

in every thing that stood most prominent

305

have faithfully been pictured; we have reached

the time (our guiding object from the first)

when we may, not presumptuously, i hope,

suppose my powers so far confirmed, and such

my knowledge, as to make me capable

310

of building up a work that shall endure;

yet much hath been omitted, as need was,

of books how much! and even of the other wealth

that is collected among woods and fields

far more: for nature’s secondary grace

315

hath hitherto been barely touched upon:

the charm more superficial that attends

her works, as they present to fancy’s choice

apt illustrations of the moral world

caught at a glance or traced with curious pains.

320

finally, and above all, o friend (i speak

with due regret), how much is overlooked

in human nature and her subtile ways

as studied first in our own hearts, and then

in life among the passions of mankind,

325

varying their composition and their hue,

where’er we move, under the diverse shapes

that individual character presents

to an attentive eye! for progress meet

along this intricate and difficult path,

330

whate’er was wanting, something had i gained

as one of many school-fellows, compelled

in hardy independance to stand up

amid conflicting interests, and the shock

of various tempers, to endure and note

335

what was not understood though known to be:

among the mysteries of love and hate,

honour and shame, looking to right and left,

unchecked by innocence too delicate,

and moral notions too intolerant,

340

sympathies too contracted. hence when called

346 the poems of william wordsworth

to take a station among men, the step

was easier, the transition more secure,

more profitable also; for the mind

learns from such timely exercise to keep

345

in wholesome separation the two natures,

the one that feels, the other that observes.

yet one word more of personal concern—

since i withdrew unwillingly from france

i led an undomestic wanderer’s life,

350

in london chiefly harboured; whence i roamed,

tarrying at will in many a pleasant spot

of rural england’s cultivated vales

or cambrian solitudes.—

a youth (he bore

the name of calvert, it shall live if words

355

of mine can give it life) in firm belief

that by endowments not from me withheld

good might be furthered, in his last decay

withdrawing, and from kindred whom he loved,

a part of no redundant patrimony,

360

by a bequest sufficient for my needs

enabled me to pause for choice, and walk

at large and unrestrained, nor damped too soon

by mortal cares. himself no poet, yet

far less a common follower of the world,

365

he deemed that my pursuits and labors lay

apart from all that leads to wealth, or even

a necessary maintenance ensures

without some hazard to the finer sense;

—he cleared a passage for me, and the stream

370

flowed in the bent of nature.

having now

told what best merits mention, further pains

our present purpose seems not to require,

and i have other tasks. recall to mind

the mood in which this labour was begun.

375

o friend! the termination of my course

is nearer now, much nearer; yet even then,

in that distraction, and intense desire,

the prelude (1824–1829) 347

i said unto the life which i had lived,

where art thou? hear i not a voice from thee

380

which ’tis reproach to hear? anon i rose

as if on wings, and saw beneath me stretched

vast prospect of the world which i had been

and was; and hence this song, which like a lark

i have protracted, in the unwearied heavens

385

singing, and often with more plaintive voice

to earth attempered and her deep-drawn sighs,

yet centering all in love, and in the end

all gratulant, if rightly understood.

whether to me shall be allotted life,

390

and with life, power, to accomplish aught of worth

that will be deemed no insufficient plea

for having given this story of myself,

is all uncertain: but, beloved friend!

when, looking back, thou seest, in clearer view

395

than any liveliest sight of yesterday,

that summer under whose indulgent skies

upon smooth quantock’s airy ridge we roved

unchecked, or loitered ’mid her sylvan combs,

thou in bewitching words with happy heart

400

didst chaunt the vision of that ancient man,

the bright-eyed mariner, and rueful woes

didst utter of the lady christabel;

and i, associate with such labor, steeped

in soft forgetfulness the live-long hours,

405

murmuring of him who, joyous hap, was found,

after the perils of his moonlight ride,

near the loud waterfall; or her who sate

in misery near the miserable thorn;

when thou dost to that summer turn thy thoughts,

410

and hast before thee all which then we were,

to thee, in memory of that happiness,

it will be known, by thee at least, my friend,

felt, that the history of a poet’s mind

is labour not unworthy of regard.

415

to thee the work shall justify itself.

the last and later portions of this gift

348 the poems of william wordsworth

have been prepared, not with the buoyant spirits

that were our daily portion when we first

together wantoned in wild poesy,

420

but under pressure of a private grief

keen and enduring, which the mind and heart

that in this meditative history

have been laid open needs must make me feel

more deeply, yet enable me to bear

425

more firmly; and a comfort now hath risen

from hope that thou art near, and wilt be soon

restored to us, in renovated health:

when, after the first mingling of our tears,

’mong other consolations, we may draw

430

some pleasure from this offering of my love.

oh! yet a few short years of useful life,

and all will be complete, thy race be run,

thy monument of glory will be raised;

then, though, too weak to tread the ways of truth,

435

this age fall back to old idolatry,

though men return to servitude as fast

as the tide ebbs, to ignominy and shame

by nations sink together, we shall still

find solace—knowing what we have learnt to know,

440

rich in true happiness if allowed to be

faithful alike in forwarding a day

of firmer trust, joint laborers in the work

(should providence such grace to us vouchsafe)

of their deliverance, surely yet to come.

445

prophets of nature, we to them will speak

a lasting inspiration, sanctified

by reason, blest by faith: what we have loved

others will love, and we will teach them how,

instruct them how the mind of man becomes

450

a thousand times more beautiful than the earth

on which he dwells, above this frame of things

(which ’mid all revolutions in the hopes

and fears of men doth still remain unchanged)

in beauty exalted, as it is itself

455

of quality and fabric more divine.

349

sonnet series and itinerary poems, (1820–1845)

the river duddon

a series of

sonnets

the river duddon rises upon wrynose fell, on the confines of

westmorland, cumberland, and lancashire; and, serving as a boundary to

the two latter counties, for the space of about twenty-five miles, enters the

irish sea, between the isle of walney and the lordship of millum.

i

not envying shades which haply yet may throw

a grateful coolness round that rocky spring,

bandusia, once responsive to the string

of the horatian lyre with babbling flow;

careless of flowers that in perennial blow

5

round the moist marge of persian fountains cling;

heedless of alpine torrents thundering

through icy portals radiant as heaven’s bow;

i seek the birth-place of a native stream.—

all hail ye mountains, hail thou morning light!

10

better to breathe upon this aëry height

than pass in needless sleep from dream to dream;

pure flow the verse, pure, vigorous, free, and bright,

for duddon, long-lov’d duddon, is my theme!

ii

child of the clouds! remote from every taint

of sordid industry thy lot is cast;

thine are the honors of the lofty waste;

not seldom, when with heat the valleys faint,

thy hand-maid frost with spangled tissue quaint

5

thy cradle decks;—to chaunt thy birth, thou hast

1 ww’s notes all appeared in the first edition of the series in 1820. for the sources of the

reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and itinerary poems, 1820–

1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 49–53, and 99–.

350 the poems of william wordsworth

no meaner poet than the whistling blast,

and desolation is thy patron-saint!

she guards thee, ruthless power! who would not spare

those mighty forests, once the bison’s screen,

10

where stalk’d the huge deer to his shaggy lair

through paths and alleys roofed with sombre green,

thousands of years before the silent air

was pierced by whizzing shaft of hunter keen!

iii

how shall i paint thee?—be this naked stone

my seat while i give way to such intent;

pleased could my verse, a speaking monument,

make to the eyes of men thy features known.

but as of all those tripping lambs not one

5

outruns his fellows, so hath nature lent

to thy beginning nought that doth present

peculiar grounds for hope to build upon.

to dignify the spot that gives thee birth,

no sign of hoar antiquity’s esteem

10

appears, and none of modern fortune’s care;

yet thou thyself hast round thee shed a gleam

of brilliant moss, instinct with freshness rare;

prompt offering to thy foster-mother, earth!

iv

take, cradled nursling of the mountain, take

this parting glance, no negligent adieu!

a protean change seems wrought while i pursue

the curves, a loosely-scattered chain doth make;

or rather thou appear’st a glistering snake,

5

silent, and to the gazer’s eye untrue,

thridding with sinuous lapse the rushes, through

dwarf willows gliding, and by ferny brake.

starts from a dizzy steep the undaunted rill

rob’d instantly in garb of snow-white foam;

10

and laughing dares the adventurer, who hath clomb

so high, a rival purpose to fulfil;

  “the deer alluded to is the leigh, a gigantic species long since extinct.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 351

else let the dastard backward wend, and roam,

seeking less bold achievement, where he will!

v

sole listener, duddon! to the breeze that play’d

with thy clear voice, i caught the fitful sound

wafted o’er sullen moss and craggy mound,

unfruitful solitudes, that seem’d to upbraid

the sun in heaven!—but now, to form a shade

5

for thee, green alders have together wound

their foliage; ashes flung their arms around;

and birch-trees risen in silver colonnade.

and thou hast also tempted here to rise,

’mid sheltering pines, this cottage rude and grey;

10

whose ruddy children, by the mother’s eyes

carelessly watch’d, sport through the summer day,

thy pleas’d associates:—light as endless may

on infant bosoms lonely nature lies.

vi

flowers

ere yet our course was graced with social trees

it lacked not old remains of hawthorn bowers,

where small birds warbled to their paramours;

and, earlier still, was heard the hum of bees;

i saw them ply their harmless robberies,

5

and caught the fragrance which the sundry flowers,

fed by the stream with soft perpetual showers,

plenteously yielded to the vagrant breeze.

there bloomed the strawberry of the wilderness;

the trembling eye-bright showed her sapphire blue,

10

the thyme her purple like the blush of even;

and, if the breath of some to no caress

invited, forth they peeped so fair to view,

all kinds alike seemed favourites of heaven.

  for ww’s note to ll. 0–, see the notes at the end of this volume.

352 the poems of william wordsworth

vii

“change me, some god, into that breathing rose!”

the love-sick stripling fancifully sighs,

the envied flower beholding, as it lies

on laura’s breast, in exquisite repose;

or he would pass into her bird, that throws

5

the darts of song from out its wiry cage;

enraptured,—could he for himself engage

the thousandth part of what the nymph bestows,

and what the little careless innocent

ungraciously receives. too daring choice!

10

there are whose calmer mind it would content

to be an unculled flow’ret of the glen,

fearless of plough and scythe; or darkling wren,

that tunes on duddon’s banks her slender voice.

viii

what aspect bore the man who roved or fled,

first of his tribe, to this dark dell—who first

in this pellucid current slaked his thirst?

what hopes came with him? what designs were spread

along his path? his unprotected bed

5

what dreams encompass’d? was the intruder nurs’d

in hideous usages, and rites accurs’d,

that thinned the living and disturbed the dead?

no voice replies;—the earth, the air is mute;

and thou, blue streamlet, murmuring yield’st no more

10

than a soft record that whatever fruit

of ignorance thou might’st witness heretofore,

thy function was to heal and to restore,

to soothe and cleanse, not madden and pollute!

ix

the stepping-stones

the struggling rill insensibly is grown

into a brook of loud and stately march,

cross’d ever and anon by plank and arch;

and, for like use, lo! what might seem a zone

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 353

chosen for ornament; stone match’d with stone

5

in studied symmetry, with interspace

for the clear waters to pursue their race

without restraint.—how swiftly have they flown!

succeeding—still succeeding! here the child

puts, when the high-swoln flood runs fierce and wild,

10

his budding courage to the proof;—and here

declining manhood learns to note the sly

and sure encroachments of infirmity,

thinking how fast time runs, life’s end how near!

x

the same subject

not so that pair whose youthful spirits dance

with prompt emotion, urging them to pass;

a sweet confusion checks the shepherd-lass;

blushing she eyes the dizzy flood askance,—

to stop ashamed—too timid to advance;

5

she ventures once again—another pause!

his outstretch’d hand he tauntingly withdraws—

she sues for help with piteous utterance!

chidden she chides again; the thrilling touch

both feel when he renews the wish’d-for aid:

10

ah! if their fluttering hearts should stir too much,

should beat too strongly, both may be betrayed.

the frolic loves who, from yon high rock, see

the struggle, clap their wings for victory!

xi

the faëry chasm

no fiction was it of the antique age:

a sky-blue stone, within this sunless cleft,

is of the very foot-marks unbereft

which tiny elves impress’d;—on that smooth stage

dancing with all their brilliant equipage

5

in secret revels—haply after theft

of some sweet babe, flower stolen, and coarse weed left,

for the distracted mother to assuage

her grief with, as she might!—but, where, oh where

354 the poems of william wordsworth

is traceable a vestige of the notes

10

that ruled those dances, wild in character?

—deep underground?—or in the upper air,

on the shrill wind of midnight? or where floats

o’er twilight fields the autumnal gossamer?

xii

hints for the fancy

on, loitering muse!—the swift stream chides us—on!

albeit his deep-worn channel doth immure

objects immense, pourtray’d in miniature,

wild shapes for many a strange comparison!

niagaras, alpine passes, and anon

5

abodes of naïads, calm abysses pure,

bright liquid mansions, fashion’d to endure

when the broad oak drops, a leafless skeleton,

and the solidities of mortal pride,

palace and tower, are crumbled into dust!

10

—the bard who walks with duddon for his guide,

shall find such toys of fancy thickly set:—

turn from the sight, enamour’d muse—we must;

leave them—and, if thou canst, without regret!

xiii

open prospect

hail to the fields—with dwellings sprinkled o’er,

and one small hamlet, under a green hill,

cluster’d with barn and byer, and spouting mill!

a glance suffices,—should we wish for more,

gay june would scorn us;—but when bleak winds roar

5

through the stiff lance-like shoots of pollard ash,

dread swell of sound! loud as the gusts that lash

the matted forests of ontario’s shore

by wasteful steel unsmitten, then would i

turn into port,—and, reckless of the gale,

10

reckless of angry duddon sweeping by,

while the warm hearth exalts the mantling ale,

laugh with the generous household heartily,

at all the merry pranks of donnerdale!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 355

xiv

o mountain stream! the shepherd and his cot

are privileged inmates of deep solitude;

nor would the nicest anchorite exclude

a field or two of brighter green, or plot

of tillage-ground, that seemeth like a spot

5

of stationary sunshine:—thou hast view’d

these only, duddon! with their paths renew’d

by fits and starts, yet this contents thee not.

thee hath some awful spirit impelled to leave,

utterly to desert, the haunts of men,

10

though simple thy companions were and few;

and through this wilderness a passage cleave

attended but by thy own voice, save when

the clouds and fowls of the air thy way pursue!

xv

from this deep chasm—where quivering sun-beams play

upon its loftiest crags—mine eyes behold

a gloomy niche, capacious, blank, and cold;

a concave free from shrubs and mosses grey;

in semblance fresh, as if, with dire affray,

5

some statue, placed amid these regions old

for tutelary service, thence had rolled,

startling the flight of timid yesterday!

was it by mortals sculptur’d?—weary slaves

of slow endeavour! or abruptly cast

10

into rude shape by fire, with roaring blast

tempestuously let loose from central caves?

or fashioned by the turbulence of waves,

then, when o’er highest hills the deluge past?

xvi

american tradition

such fruitless questions may not long beguile

or plague the fancy, ’mid the sculptured shows

conspicuous yet where oroonoko flows;

there would the indian answer with a smile

356 the poems of william wordsworth

aim’d at the white man’s ignorance, the while

5

of the great waters telling, how they rose,

covered the plains, and wandering where they chose,

mounted through every intricate defile,

triumphant.—inundation wide and deep,

o’er which his fathers urged, to ridge and steep

10

else unapproachable, their buoyant way;

and carved, on mural cliff’s undreaded side,

sun, moon, and stars, and beast of chase or prey;

whate’er they sought, shunn’d, loved, or deified!

xvii

return

a dark plume fetch me from yon blasted yew

perched on whose top the danish raven croaks;

aloft, the imperial bird of rome invokes

departed ages, shedding where he flew

loose fragments of wild wailing that bestrew

5

the clouds, and thrill the chambers of the rocks,

and into silence hush the timorous flocks,

that slept so calmly while the nightly dew

moisten’d each fleece, beneath the twinkling stars:

these couch’d ’mid that lone camp on hardknot’s height,

10

whose guardians bent the knee to jove and mars:

these near that mystic round of druid frame,

tardily sinking by its proper weight

deep into patient earth, from whose smooth breast it came!

xviii

seathwaite chapel

sacred religion, “mother of form and fear,”

dread arbitress of mutable respect,

new rites ordaining when the old are wreck’d,

  “see humboldt’s personal narrative.” ww; he cites  a personal narrative of travels to the equinoctial regions of the new continent during the years 1788–1804 (tr. h. m. williams, 4 vols.; london, 89) by alexander von humboldt and aimé bonpland.

2  ww’s  lengthy  note  to  this  and  the  following  sonnet  is  reproduced  at  the  end  of  this volume.

3  for the literary allusions in this sonnet see jackson,  sonnet series and itinerary poems, pp. 06–07.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 357

or cease to please the fickle worshipper;

if one strong wish may be embosomed here,

5

mother of love! for this deep vale, protect

truth’s holy lamp, pure source of bright effect,

gifted to purge the vapoury atmosphere

that seeks to stifle it;—as in those days

when this low pile a gospel teacher knew,

10

whose good works formed an endless retinue:

such priest as chaucer sang in fervent lays;

such as the heaven-taught skill of herbert drew;

and tender goldsmith crown’d with deathless praise!

xix

tributary stream

my frame hath often trembled with delight

when hope presented some far-distant good,

that seemed from heaven descending, like the flood

of yon pure waters, from their aëry height,

hurrying with lordly duddon to unite;

5

who, ’mid a world of images imprest

on the calm depth of his transparent breast,

appears to cherish most that torrent white,

the fairest, softest, liveliest of them all!

and seldom hath ear listen’d to a tune

10

more lulling than the busy hum of noon,

swoln by that voice—whose murmur musical

announces to the thirsty fields a boon

dewy and fresh, till showers again shall fall.

xx

the plain of donnerdale

the old inventive poets, had they seen,

or rather felt, the entrancement that detains

thy waters, duddon! ’mid these flow’ry plains,

the still repose, the liquid lapse serene,

transferr’d to bowers imperishably green,

5

had beautified elysium! but these chains

will soon be broken;—a rough course remains,

rough as the past; where thou, of placid mien,

358 the poems of william wordsworth

innocuous as a firstling of a flock,

and countenanced like a soft cerulean sky,

10

shalt change thy temper; and, with many a shock

given and received in mutual jeopardy,

dance like a bacchanal from rock to rock,

tossing her frantic thyrsus wide and high!

xxi

whence that low voice?—a whisper from the heart,

that told of days long past when here i roved

with friends and kindred tenderly beloved;

some who had early mandates to depart,

yet are allowed to steal my path athwart

5

by duddon’s side; once more do we unite,

once more beneath the kind earth’s tranquil light;

and smother’d joys into new being start.

from her unworthy seat, the cloudy stall

of time, breaks forth triumphant memory;

10

her glistening tresses bound, yet light and free

as golden locks of birch, that rise and fall

on gales that breathe too gently to recal

aught of the fading year’s inclemency!

xxii

tradition

a love-lorn maid, at some far-distant time,

came to this hidden pool, whose depths surpass

in crystal clearness dian’s looking-glass;

and, gazing, saw that rose, which from the prime

derives its name, reflected as the chime

5

of echo doth reverberate some sweet sound:

the starry treasure from the blue profound

she long’d to ravish;—shall she plunge, or climb

the humid precipice, and seize the guest

of april, smiling high in upper air?

10

desperate alternative! what field could dare

to prompt the thought?—upon the steep rock’s breast

the lonely primrose yet renews its bloom,

untouched memento of her hapless doom!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 359

xxiii

sheep-washing

sad thoughts, avaunt!—the fervour of the year,

poured on the fleece-encumbered flock, invites

to laving currents, for prelusive rites

duly performed before the dales-men shear

their panting charge. the distant mountains hear,

5

hear and repeat, the turmoil that unites

clamour of boys with innocent despites

of barking dogs, and bleatings from strange fear.

meanwhile, if duddon’s spotless breast receive

unwelcome mixtures as the uncouth noise

10

thickens, the pastoral river will forgive

such wrong; nor need we blame the licensed joys

though false to nature’s quiet equipoise:

frank are the sports, the stains are fugitive.

xxiv

the resting-place

mid-noon is past;—upon the sultry mead

no zephyr breathes, no cloud its shadow throws:

if we advance unstrengthen’d by repose,

farewell the solace of the vagrant reed.

this nook, with woodbine hung and straggling weed,

5

tempting recess as ever pilgrim chose,

half grot, half arbour, proffers to enclose

body and mind, from molestation freed,

in narrow compass—narrow as itself:

or if the fancy, too industrious elf,

10

be loth that we should breathe awhile exempt

from new incitements friendly to our task,

there wants not stealthy prospect, that may tempt

loose idless to forego her wily mask.

xxv

methinks ’twere no unprecedented feat

should some benignant minister of air

lift, and encircle with a cloudy chair,

360 the poems of william wordsworth

the one for whom my heart shall ever beat

with tenderest love;—or, if a safer seat

5

atween his downy wings be furnished, there

would lodge her, and the cherish’d burden bear

o’er hill and valley to this dim retreat!

rough ways my steps have trod; too rough and long

for her companionship; here dwells soft ease:

10

with sweets which she partakes not some distaste

mingles, and lurking consciousness of wrong;

languish the flowers; the waters seem to waste

their vocal charm; their sparklings cease to please.

xxvi

return, content! for fondly i pursued,

even when a child, the streams—unheard, unseen;

through tangled woods, impending rocks between;

or, free as air, with flying inquest viewed

the sullen reservoirs whence their bold brood,

5

pure as the morning, fretful, boisterous, keen,

green as the salt-sea billows, white and green,

poured down the hills, a choral multitude!

nor have i tracked their course for scanty gains,

they taught me random cares and truant joys,

10

that shield from mischief and preserve from stains

vague minds, while men are growing out of boys;

maturer fancy owes to their rough noise

impetuous thoughts that brook not servile reins.

xxvii

journey renewed.

i rose while yet the cattle, heat-opprest,

crowded together under rustling trees,

brushed by the current of the water-breeze;

and for their sakes, and love of all that rest,

on duddon’s margin, in the sheltering nest;

5

for all the startled scaly tribes that slink

into his coverts, and each fearless link

of dancing insects forged upon his breast;

for these, and hopes and recollections worn

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 361

close to the vital seat of human clay;

10

glad meetings—tender partings—that upstay

the drooping mind of absence, by vows sworn

in his pure presence near the trysting thorn;

i thanked the leader of my onward way.

xxviii

no record tells of lance opposed to lance,

horse charging horse, ’mid these retired domains;

nor that their turf drank purple from the veins

of heroes fall’n, or struggling to advance,

till doubtful combat issued in a trance

5

of victory, that struck through heart and reins,

even to the inmost seat of mortal pains,

and lightened o’er the pallid countenance.

yet, to the loyal and the brave, who lie

in the blank earth, neglected and forlorn,

10

the passing winds memorial tribute pay;

the torrents chaunt their praise, inspiring scorn

of power usurp’d,—with proclamation high,

and glad acknowledgment of lawful sway.

xxix

who swerves from innocence, who makes divorce

of that serene companion—a good name,

recovers not his loss; but walks with shame,

with doubt, with fear, and haply with remorse.

and oft-times he, who, yielding to the force

5

of chance-temptation, ere his journey end,

from chosen comrade turns, or faithful friend,

in vain shall rue the broken intercourse.

not so with such as loosely wear the chain

that binds them, pleasant river! to thy side:—

10

through the rough copse wheel thou with hasty stride,

i choose to saunter o’er the grassy plain,

sure, when the separation has been tried,

that we, who part in love, shall meet again.

362 the poems of william wordsworth

xxx

the kirk of ulpha to the pilgrim’s eye

is welcome as a star, that doth present

its shining forehead through the peaceful rent

of a black cloud diffused o’er half the sky;

or as a fruitful palm-tree towering high

5

o’er the parched waste beside an arab’s tent;

or the indian tree whose branches, downward bent,

take root again, a boundless canopy.

how sweet were leisure! could it yield no more

than ’mid that wave-washed church-yard to recline,

10

from pastoral graves extracting thoughts divine;

or there to pace, and mark the summits hoar

of distant moon-lit mountains faintly shine,

sooth’d by the unseen river’s gentle roar.

xxxi

not hurled precipitous from steep to steep;

lingering no more ’mid flower-enamelled lands

and blooming thickets; nor by rocky bands

held;—but in radiant progress tow’rd the deep

where mightiest rivers into powerless sleep

5

sink, and forget their nature;— now expands

majestic duddon, over smooth flat sands,

gliding in silence with unfettered sweep!

beneath an ampler sky a region wide

is opened round him;—hamlets, towers, and towns,

10

and blue-topp’d hills, behold him from afar;

in stately mien to sovereign thames allied,

spreading his bosom under kentish downs,

with commerce freighted or triumphant war.

xxxii

but here no cannon thunders to the gale;

upon the wave no haughty pendants cast

a crimson splendour; lowly is the mast

that rises here, and humbly spread the sail;

while less disturbed than in the narrow vale

5

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 363

through which with strange vicissitudes he pass’d,

the wanderer seeks that receptacle vast

where all his unambitious functions fail.

and may thy poet, cloud-born stream! be free,

the sweets of earth contentedly resigned,

10

and each tumultuous working left behind

at seemly distance, to advance like thee,

prepared, in peace of heart, in calm of mind

and soul, to mingle with eternity!

xxxiii

conclusion.

i thought of thee, my partner and my guide,

as being past away.—vain sympathies!

for, backward, duddon! as i cast my eyes,

i see what was, and is, and will abide;

still glides the stream, and shall for ever glide;

5

the form remains, the function never dies;

while we, the brave, the mighty, and the wise,

we men, who in our morn of youth defied

the elements, must vanish;—be it so!

enough, if something from our hands have power

10

to live, and act, and serve the future hour;

and if, as tow’rd the silent tomb we go,

thro’ love, thro’ hope, and faith’s transcendant dower,

we feel that we are greater than we know.

[poems not included in series as first published]

to the rev. dr. w——

(with the sonnets to the river duddon, and other

poems in this collection)

the minstrels played their christmas tune

to-night beneath my cottage eaves;

while, smitten by a lofty moon,

  “ ‘and feel that i am happier than i know.’—milton.

the  allusion  to  the  greek  poet  will  be  obvious  to  the  classical  reader.”  ww  cites paradise lost, viii, l. 282.

for ww’s “postscript” to  the river duddon see the notes at the end of this volume.

364 the poems of william wordsworth

the encircling laurels, thick with leaves,

gave back a rich and dazzling sheen,

5

that overpowered their natural green.

through hill and valley every breeze

had sunk to rest with folded wings;

keen was the air, but could not freeze

nor check the music of the strings;

10

so stout and hardy were the band

that scrap’d the chords with strenuous hand.

and who but listen’d?—till was paid

respect to every inmate’s claim;

the greeting given, the music played

15

in honour of each household name,

duly pronounc’d with lusty call,

and “merry christmas” wish’d to all!

o brother! i revere the choice

that took thee from thy native hills;

20

and it is given thee to rejoice:

though public care full often tills

(heaven only witness of the toil)

a barren and ungrateful soil.

yet, would that thou, with me and mine,

25

hadst heard this never-failing rite;

and seen on other faces shine

a true revival of the light;

which nature, and these rustic powers,

in simple childhood, spread through ours!

30

for pleasure hath not ceased to wait

on these expected annual rounds,

whether the rich man’s sumptuous gate

call forth the unelaborate sounds,

or they are offered at the door

35

that guards the lowliest of the poor.

how touching, when, at midnight, sweep

snow-muffled winds, and all is dark,

to hear—and sink again to sleep!

or, at an earlier call, to mark,

40

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 365

by blazing fire, the still suspense

of self-complacent innocence;

the mutual nod,—the grave disguise

of hearts with gladness brimming o’er;

and some unbidden tears that rise

45

for names once heard, and heard no more;

tears brighten’d by the serenade

for infant in the cradle laid!

ah! not for emerald fields alone,

with ambient streams more pure and bright

50

than fabled cytherea’s zone

glittering before the thunderer’s sight,

is to my heart of hearts endeared,

the ground where we were born and rear’d!

hail, ancient manners! sure defence,

55

where they survive, of wholesome laws;

remnants of love whose modest sense

thus into narrow room withdraws;

hail, usages of pristine mould,

and ye, that guard them, mountains old!

60

bear with me, brother! quench the thought

that slights this passion, or condemns;

if thee fond fancy ever brought

from the proud margin of the thames,

and lambeth’s venerable towers,

65

to humbler streams, and greener bowers.

yes, they can make, who fail to find,

short leisure even in busiest days;

moments—to cast a look behind,

and profit by those kindly rays

70

that through the clouds do sometimes steal,

and all the far-off past reveal.

hence, while the imperial city’s din

beats frequent on thy satiate ear,

a pleas’d attention i may win

75

to agitations less severe,

that neither overwhelm nor cloy,

366 the poems of william wordsworth

but fill the hollow vale with joy!

written upon a blank leaf in “the complete angler.”

while flowing rivers yield a blameless sport,

shall live the name of walton;—sage benign!

whose pen, the mysteries of the rod and line

unfolding, did not fruitlessly exhort

to reverent watching of each still report

5

that nature utters from her rural shrine.—

o nobly versed in simple discipline,

meek, thankful soul, the vernal day how short

to thy lov’d pastime given by sedgy lee,

or down the tempting maze of shawford brook!

10

fairer than life itself, in thy sweet book,

the cowslip bank and shady willow-tree,

and the fresh meads; where flow’d, from every nook

of thy full bosom, gladsome piety!

the wild duck’s nest.

the imperial consort of the fairy king

owns not a sylvan bower; or gorgeous cell

with emerald floor’d, and with purpureal shell

ceiling’d and roof’d; that is so fair a thing

as this low structure—for the tasks of spring

5

prepared by one who loves the buoyant swell

of the brisk waves, yet here consents to dwell;

and spreads in stedfast peace her brooding wing.

words cannot paint the o’ershadowing yew-tree bough,

and dimly-gleaming nest,—a hollow crown

10

of golden leaves inlaid with silver down,

fine as the mother’s softest plumes allow:

i gaze—and almost wish to lay aside

humanity, weak slave of cumbrous pride!

“fallen, and diffus’d into a shapeless heap”

fallen, and diffus’d into a shapeless heap,

or quietly self-buried in earth’s mold,

is that embattled house, whose massy keep

flung from yon cliff a shadow large and cold.—

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 367

there dwelt the gay, the bountiful, the bold,

5

till nightly lamentations, like the sweep

of winds—when winds were silent, struck a deep

and lasting terror through that ancient hold.

its line of warriors fled;—they shrunk when tried

by ghostly power:—but time’s unsparing hand

10

hath pluck’d such foes, like weeds, from out the land;

and now, if men with men in peace abide,

all other strength the weakest may withstand,

all worse assaults may safely be defied.

368

ecclesiastical sketches (1822)

ecclesiastical sketches

part i

from the introduction of christianity into britain,

to the consummation of the papal dominion

i. introduction

i, who descended with glad step to chase

cerulean duddon from his cloud-fed spring,

and of my wild companion dared to sing,

in verse that moved with strictly-measured pace;

i, who essayed the nobler stream to trace

5

of liberty, and smote the plausive string

till the checked torrent, fiercely combating,

in victory found her natural resting-place;

now seek upon the heights of time the source

of a holy river, on whose banks are found

10

sweet pastoral flowers, and laurels that have crowned

full oft the unworthy brow of lawless force;

where, for delight of him who tracks its course,

immortal amaranth and palms abound.

ii. conjectures

if there be prophets on whose spirits rest

past things, revealed like future, they can tell

what powers, presiding o’er the sacred well

of christian faith, this savage island bless’d

with its first bounty. wandering through the west,

5

did holy paul a while in britain dwell,

1 ww’s notes all appeared in the first edition of the poem in 1822. for the sources of the

reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and itinerary poems, 1820–

1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 27–36, and 235–282. for ww’s “advertisement”

see the notes at the end of this volume.

2 “stillingfleet adduces many arguments in support of this opinion, but they are unconvincing.

the latter part of this sonnet alludes to a favourite notion of catholic writers, that joseph

of arimathea and his companions brought christianity into britain, and built a rude church

at glastonbury alluded to hereafter in the passage upon the dissolution of monasteries.”

ww’s many references to the works of historians, naturalists, and other scholars through-

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 369

and call the fountain forth by miracle,

and with dread signs the nascent stream invest?

or he, whose bonds dropp’d off, whose prison doors

flew open, by an angel’s voice unbarred?

10

or some, of humbler name, to these wild shores

storm-driven, who having seen the cup of woe

pass from their master, sojourned here to guard

the precious current they had taught to flow?

iii. trepidation of the druids

screams round the arch-druid’s brow the seamew—white

as menai’s foam; and towards the mystic ring

where augurs stand, the future questioning,

slowly the cormorant aims her heavy flight,

portending ruin to each baleful rite,

5

that, in the lapse of seasons, hath crept o’er

diluvian truths, and patriarchal lore:

haughty the bard;—can these meek doctrines blight

his transports? wither his heroic strains?

but all shall be fulfilled;—the julian spear

10

a way first open’d; and, with roman chains,

the tidings come of jesus crucified;

they come—they spread—the weak, the suffering, hear;

receive the faith, and in the hope abide.

iv. druidical excommunication

mercy and love have met thee on thy road,

thou wretched outcast, from the gift of fire

and food cut off by sacerdotal ire,

from every sympathy that man bestowed!

yet shall it claim our reverence, that to god,

5

ancient of days! that to the eternal sire

these jealous ministers of law aspire,

as to the one sole fount whence wisdom flowed,

out  ecclesiastical sketches reflect his wide reading in preparation for composing it, as he himself explaines in his note to  saxon conquest (i.i), below. for information on these sources, consult the edition by geoffrey jackson cited above.

  “this water-fowl was, among the druids, an emblem of those traditions connected with the

deluge that made an important part of their mysteries. the cormorant was a bird of bad

omen.” ww

370 the poems of william wordsworth

justice, and order. tremblingly escaped,

as if with prescience of the coming storm,

10

that intimation when the stars were shaped;

and yon thick woods maintain the primal truth,

debased by many a superstitious form,

that fills the soul with unavailing ruth.

v. uncertainty

darkness surrounds us; seeking, we are lost

on snowdon’s wilds, amid brigantian coves,

or where the solitary shepherd roves

along the plain of sarum, by the ghost

of silently departed ages crossed;

5

and where the boatman of the western isles

slackens his course—to mark those holy piles

which yet survive on bleak iona’s coast.

nor these, nor monuments of eldest name,

nor taliesin’s unforgotten lays,

10

nor characters of greek or roman fame,

to an unquestionable source have led;

enough—if eyes that sought the fountain-head,

in vain, upon the growing rill may gaze.

vi. persecution

lament! for dioclesian’s fiery sword

works busy as the lightning; but instinct

with malice ne’er to deadliest weapon linked,

which god’s ethereal storehouses afford:

against the followers of the incarnate lord

5

it rages;—some are smitten in the field—

some pierced beneath the unavailing shield

of sacred home;—with pomp are others gor’d

and dreadful respite. thus was alban tried,

england’s first martyr! whom no threats could shake;

10

self-offered victim, for his friend he died,

and for the faith—nor shall his name forsake

that hill, whose flowery platform seems to rise

  “ ‘this hill at st. alban’s must have been an object of great interest to the imagination of the venerable bede, who thus describes it with a delicate feeling delightful to meet with in

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 371

by nature decked for holiest sacrifice.

vii. recovery

as, when a storm hath ceased, the birds regain

their cheerfulness, and busily retrim

their nests, or chaunt a gratulating hymn

to the blue ether and bespangled plain;

even so, in many a re-constructed fane,

5

have the survivors of this storm renewed

their holy rites with vocal gratitude;

and solemn ceremonials they ordain

to celebrate their great deliverance;

most feelingly instructed ’mid their fear,

10

that persecution, blind with rage extreme,

may not the less, thro’ heaven’s mild countenance,

even in her own despite, both feed and cheer;

for all things are less dreadful than they seem.

viii. temptations from roman refinements

watch, and be firm! for soul-subduing vice,

heart-killing luxury, on your steps await.

fair houses, baths, and banquets delicate,

and temples flashing, bright as polar ice,

their radiance through the woods, may yet suffice

5

to sap your hardy virtue, and abate

your love of him upon whose forehead sate

the crown of thorns; whose life-blood flowed, the price

of your redemption. shun the insidious arts

that rome provides, less dreading from her frown

10

than from her wily praise, her peaceful gown,

language, and letters;—these, tho’ fondly viewed

as humanizing graces, are but parts

and instruments of deadliest servitude!

that rude age, traces of which are frequent in his works: “variis herbarum floribus depic-

tus imo usquequaque vestitus in quo nihil repente arduum nihil præceps, nihil abruptum,

quem  lateribus  longe  lateque  deductum  in  modum  æquoris  natura  complanat,  dignum

videlicet eum pro insita sibi specie venustatis jam olim reddens, qui beati martyris cruore

dicaretur.’ ” ww

372 the poems of william wordsworth

ix. dissensions

that heresies should strike (if truth be scanned

presumptuously) their roots both wide and deep,

is natural as dreams to feverish sleep.

lo! discord at the altar dares to stand,

lifting towards high heaven her fiery brand,

5

a cherished priestess of the new baptized!

but chastisement shall follow peace despised.

the pictish cloud darkens the enervate land

by rome abandoned; vain are suppliant cries,

and prayers that would undo her forced farewell,

10

for she returns not.—awed by her own knell,

she casts the britons upon strange allies,

soon to become more dreaded enemies,

than heartless misery called them to repel.

x. struggle of the britons against the barbarians

rise!—they have risen: of brave aneurin ask

how they have scourged old foes, perfidious friends:

the spirit of caractacus defends

the patriots, animates their glorious task:—

amazement runs before the towering casque

5

of arthur, bearing thro’ the stormy field

the virgin sculptured on his christian shield:—

stretched in the sunny light of victory bask

the host that followed urien as he strode

o’er heaps of slain;—from cambrian wood and moss

10

druids descend, auxiliars of the cross;

bards, nursed on blue plinlimmon’s still abode,

rush on the fight, to harps preferring swords,

and everlasting deeds to burning words!

xi. saxon conquest

nor wants the cause the panic-striking aid

of hallelujahs tossed from hill to hill—

for instant victory. but heaven’s high will

permits a second and a darker shade

  “alluding to the victory gained under germanus.—see bede.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 373

of pagan night. afflicted and dismayed,

5

the relics of the sword flee to the mountains:

o wretched land, whose tears have flowed like fountains!

whose arts and honours in the dust are laid,

by men yet scarcely conscious of a care

for other monuments than those of earth;

10

intent, as fields and woods have given them birth,

to build their savage fortunes only there;

witness the foss, the barrow, and the girth

of many a long-drawn rampart, green and bare!

xii. monastery of old bangor

the oppression of the tumult—wrath and scorn—

the tribulation—and the gleaming blades—

such is the impetuous spirit that pervades

the song of taliesin;—ours shall mourn

the unarmed host who by their prayers would turn

5

the sword from bangor’s walls, and guard the store

of aboriginal and roman lore,

and christian monuments, that now must burn

to senseless ashes. mark! how all things swerve

from their known course, or pass away like steam;

10

another language spreads from coast to coast;

1 “the last six lines of this sonnet are chiefly from the prose of daniel; and here i will state (though to the readers whom this poem will chiefly interest it is unnecessary), that my

obligations to other prose writers are frequent,—obligations, which even if i had not a

pleasure in courting, it would have been presumptuous to shun, in treating an historical

subject. i must, however, particularize fuller, to whom i am indebted in the sonnet upon

wicliffe and in other instances. and upon the acquittal of the seven bishops i have done

little more than versify a lively description of that event in the memoirs of the first lord

lonsdale.” ww

2  “ ‘ethelforth reached the convent of bangor, he perceived the monks, twelve hundred in





number, offering prayers for the success of their countrymen: ‘if they are praying against

us;’ he exclaimed, ‘they are fighting against us,’ and he ordered them to be first attacked:

they were destroyed; and appalled by their fate, the courage of brocmail wavered, and he

fled from the field in dismay. thus abandoned by their leader, his army soon gave way, and

ethelforth obtained a decisive conquest. ancient bangor itself soon fell into his hands and

was demolished; the noble monastery was levelled to the ground; its library, which is men-

tioned as a large one, the collection of ages, the repository of the most precious monuments

of the ancient britons, was consumed; half-ruined walls, gates, and rubbish, were all that

remained of the magnificent edifice.’—see turner’s valuable history of the anglo-saxons.

  the  account  bede  gives  of  this  remarkable  event,  suggests  a  most  striking  warning against national and religious prejudices.” ww

3  “taliesin was present at the battle which preceded this desolation.” ww

374 the poems of william wordsworth

only perchance some melancholy stream

and some indignant hills old names preserve,

when laws, and creeds, and people, all are lost!

xiii. casual incitement

a bright-haired company of youthful slaves,

beautiful strangers, stand within the pale

of a sad market, ranged for public sale,

where tiber’s stream the glorious city laves:

angli by name; and not an angel waves

5

his wing who seemeth lovelier in heaven’s eye

than they appear to holy gregory,

who, having learnt that name, salvation craves

for them, and for their land. the earnest sire,

his questions urging, feels in slender ties

10

of chiming sound commanding sympathies;

de-irians—he would save them from god’s ire;

subjects of saxon ælla—they shall sing

sweet hallelujahs to the eternal king!

xiv. glad tidings

for ever hallowed be this morning fair,

blest be the unconscious shore on which ye tread,

and blest the silver cross, which ye, instead

of martial banner, in procession bear;

the cross preceding him who floats in air,

5

the pictured saviour!—by augustin led

they come—and onward travel without dread,

chaunting in barbarous ears a tuneful prayer,

sung for themselves, and those whom they would free!

rich conquest waits them:—the tempestuous sea

10

of ignorance, that ran so rough and high,

and heeded not the voice of clashing swords,

these good men humble by a few bare words,

and calm with fear of god’s divinity.

xv. paulinus

but, to remote northumbria’s royal hall,

where thoughtful edwin, tutored in the school

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 375

of sorrow, still maintains a heathen rule,

who comes with functions apostolical?

mark him, of shoulders curved, and stature tall,

5

black hair, and vivid eye, and meagre cheek,

his prominent feature like an eagle’s beak;

a man whose aspect doth at once appal,

and strike with reverence. the monarch leans

towards the truths this delegate propounds,—

10

repeatedly his own deep mind he sounds

with careful hesitation,—then convenes

a synod of his counsellors,—give ear,

and what a pensive sage doth utter, hear!

xvi. persuasion

“man’s life is like a sparrow, mighty king!

“that, stealing in while by the fire you sit

“housed with rejoicing friends, is seen to flit

“safe from the storm, in comfort tarrying.

“here did it enter—there, on hasty wing

5

“flies out, and passes on from cold to cold;

“but whence it came we know not, nor behold

“whither it goes. even such that transient thing,

“the human soul; not utterly unknown

“while in the body lodged, her warm abode;

10

  “the person of paulinus is thus described by bede, from the memory of an eye-witness:

‘longæ staturæ, paululum incurvus, nigro capillo, facie macilentâ, naso adunco, pertenui,

venerabilis simul et terribilis aspectu.’ ” ww; “of tall stature, slightly stooping, with black hair, a lean face, a nose hooked and slender; and in his appearance boh venerable and

awe-inspiring.” (see bede, ii.xvi.)

2  “see the original of this speech in bede.—the conversion of edwin as related by him is

highly  interesting—and  the  breaking  up  of  this  council  accompanied  with  an  event  so striking and characteristic, that i am tempted to give it at length in a translation. ‘who,

exclaimed the king, when the council was ended, shall first desecrate the altars and the

temples? i, answered the chief priest, for who more fit than myself, through the wisdom

which the true god hath given me to destroy, for the good example of others, what in fool-

ishness i worshipped. immediately, casting away vain superstition, he besought the king

to grant him, what the laws did not allow to a priest, arms and a courser; which mount-

ing, and furnished with a sword and lance, he proceeded to destroy the idols. the crowd,

seeing  this,  thought  him  mad—he  however  halted  not,  but,  approaching,  he  profaned

the temple, casting against it the lance which he had held in his hand, and, exulting in

acknowledgment of the worship of the true god, he ordered his companions to pull down

the temple, with all its enclosures. the place is shown where those idols formerly stood,

not far from york, at the source of the river derwent, and is at this day called gormund

gaham.’ ” ww

376 the poems of william wordsworth

“but from what world she came, what woe or weal

“on her departure waits, no tongue hath shewn;

“this mystery if the stranger can reveal,

“his be a welcome cordially bestowed!”

xvii. conversion

prompt transformation works the novel lore;

the council closed, the priest in full career

rides forth, an armed man, and hurls a spear

to desecrate the fane which heretofore

he served in folly.—woden falls—and thor

5

is overturned; the mace, in battle heaved

(so might they dream) till victory was achieved,

drops—and the god himself is seen no more.

temple and altar sink—to hide their shame

amid oblivious weeds. “o come to me

10

ye heavy laden!” such the inviting voice

heard near fresh streams,—and thousands, who rejoice

in the new rite—the pledge of sanctity,

shall, by regenerate life, the promise claim.

xviii. apology

nor scorn the aid which fancy oft doth lend

the soul’s eternal interests to promote:

death, darkness, danger, are our natural lot;

and evil spirits may our walk attend

for aught the wisest know or comprehend;

5

then let the good be free to breathe a note

of elevation—let their odours float

around these converts, and their glories blend,

outshining nightly tapers, or the blaze

of the noon-day. nor doubt that golden cords

10

of good works, mingling with the visions, raise

the soul to purer worlds: and who the line

shall draw, the limits of the power define,

that even imperfect faith to man affords?

  “the early propagators of christianity were accustomed to preach near rivers for the con-

venience of baptism.” ww.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 377

xix. primitive saxon clergy

how beautiful your presence, how benign,

servants of god! who not a thought will share

with the vain world; who, outwardly as bare

as winter trees, yield no fallacious sign

that the firm soul is clothed with fruit divine!

5

such priest, when service worthy of his care

has called him forth to breathe the common air,

might seem a saintly image from its shrine

descended; happy are the eyes that meet

the apparition; evil thoughts are stayed

at his approach, and low-bowed necks entreat

10

a benediction from his voice or hand;

whence grace, thro’ which the heart can understand,

and vows, that bind the will, in silence made.

xx. other influences

ah, when the frame, round which in love we clung,

is chilled by death, does mutual service fail?

is tender pity then of no avail?

are intercessions of the fervent tongue

a waste of hope?—from this sad source have sprung

5

rites that console the spirit, under grief

which ill can brook more rational relief;

hence, prayers are shaped amiss, and dirges sung

for those whose doom is fix’d! the way is smooth

for power that travels with the human heart:—

10

confession ministers, the pang to soothe

in him who at the ghost of guilt doth start.

ye holy men, so earnest in your care,

  “having  spoken  of  the  zeal,  disinterestedness,  and  temperance  of  the  clergy  of  those times,  bede  thus  proceeds:  ‘unde  et  in  magna  erat  veneratione  tempore  illo  religionis habitus, ita ut ubicunque clericus aliquis, aut monachus adveniret, gaudenter ab omnibus

tanquam dei famulus exciperetur. etiam si in itinere pergens inveniretur, accurrebant, et

flexâ cervice, vel manu signari, vel ore illius se benedici, gaudebant. verbis quoque horum

exhortatoriis diligenter auditum præbebant.’ lib. iii. cap. 26.” ww. “therefore, the religious garb was greatly revered at that time, so that wherever some priest or monk arrived, he

was received joyfully by everyone as a servant of god. and if he was discovered proceed-

ing on his way, they would run up to him and, with necks bowed rejoiced to receive the sign

[of the cross] from his hand or to be blessed by his mouth. also, the exhortations of these

men were listened to attentively.”

378 the poems of william wordsworth

of your own mighty instruments beware!

xxi. seclusion

lance, shield, and sword relinquished—at his side

a bead-roll, in his hand a clasped book,

or staff more harmless than a shepherd’s crook,

the war-worn chieftain quits the world—to hide

his thin autumnal locks where monks abide

5

in cloistered privacy. but not to dwell

in soft repose he comes. within his cell,

round the decaying trunk of human pride,

at morn, and eve, and midnight’s silent hour,

do penitential cogitations cling:

like ivy, round some ancient elm, they twine

10

in grisly folds and strictures serpentine;

yet, while they strangle without mercy, bring

for recompense their own perennial bower.

xxii. continued

methinks that to some vacant hermitage

my feet would rather turn—to some dry nook

scoop’d out of living rock, and near a brook

hurl’d down a mountain-cove from stage to stage,

yet tempering, for my sight, its bustling rage

5

in the soft heaven of a translucent pool;

thence creeping under forest arches cool,

fit haunt of shapes whose glorious equipage

perchance would throng my dreams. a beechen bowl,

a maple dish, my furniture should be;

10

crisp, yellow leaves my bed; the hooting owl

my night-watch: nor should e’er the crested fowl

from thorp or vill his matins sound for me,

tired of the world and all its industry.

xxiii. reproof

but what if one, thro’ grove or flowery mead,

indulging thus at will the creeping feet

of a voluptuous indolence, should meet

the hovering shade of venerable bede;

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 379

the saint, the scholar, from a circle freed

5

of toil stupendous, in a hallowed seat

of learning, where he heard the billows beat

on a wild coast—rough monitors to feed

perpetual industry. sublime recluse!

the recreant soul, that dares to shun the debt

10

imposed on human kind, must first forget

thy diligence, thy unrelaxing use

of a long life; and, in the hour of death,

the last dear service of thy passing breath!

xxiv. saxon monasteries, and lights and shades

of the religion

by such examples moved to unbought pains,

the people work like congregated bees;

eager to build the quiet fortresses

where piety, as they believe, obtains

from heaven a general blessing; timely rains

5

or needful sunshine; prosperous enterprize,

and peace, and equity.—bold faith! yet rise

the sacred towers for universal gains.

the sensual think with reverence of the palms

which the chaste votaries seek, beyond the grave;

10

if penance be redeemable, thence alms

flow to the poor, and freedom to the slave;

and, if full oft the sanctuary save

lives black with guilt, ferocity it calms.

xxv. missions and travels

not sedentary all: there are who roam

to scatter seeds of life on barbarous shores;

or quit with zealous step their knee-worn floors

to seek the general mart of christendom;

whence they, like richly laden merchants, come

5

to their beloved cells:—or shall we say

that, like the red-cross knight, they urge their way,

  “he expired in the act of concluding a translation of st. john’s gospel.” ww

2  “see in turner’s history, vol. iii. p. 528, the account of the erection of ramsey monastery.

penances were removable by the performances of acts of charity and benevolence.” ww.

ww cites sharon turner,  history of the anglo-saxons (3d ed., 3 vols.; london, 820).

380 the poems of william wordsworth

to lead in memorable triumph home

truth—their immortal una? babylon,

learned and wise, hath perished utterly,

10

nor leaves her speech wherewith to clothe a sigh

that would lament her;—memphis, tyre, are gone

with all their arts—while classic lore glides on

by these religious saved for all posterity.

xxvi. alfred

behold a pupil of the monkish gown,

the pious alfred, king to justice dear;

lord of the harp and liberating spear;

mirror of princes! indigent renown

might range the starry ether for a crown

5

equal to his deserts, who, like the year,

pours forth his bounty, like the day doth cheer,

and awes like night with mercy-tempered frown.

ease from this noble miser of his time

no moment steals; pain narrows not his cares.

10

though small his kingdom as a spark or gem,

of alfred boasts remote jerusalem,

and christian india gifts with alfred shares

by sacred converse link’d with india’s clime.

xxvii. his descendants

can aught survive to linger in the veins

of kindred bodies—an essential power

that may not vanish in one fatal hour,

and wholly cast away terrestrial chains?

the race of alfred covets glorious pains

5

when dangers threaten—dangers ever new!

black tempests bursting—blacker still in view!

but manly sovereignty its hold retains;

the root sincere—the branches bold to strive

with the fierce storm; meanwhile, within the round

10

of their protection, gentle virtues thrive;

as oft, ’mid some green plot of open ground,

wide as the oak extends its dewy gloom,

  “through the whole of his life, alfred was subject to grievous maladies.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 381

the fostered hyacinths spread their purple bloom.

xxviii. influence abused

urged by ambition, who with subtlest skill

changes her means,—the enthusiast as a dupe

shall soar, and as a hypocrite can stoop,

and turn the instruments of good to ill,

moulding the credulous people to his will.

5

such dunstan:—from its benedictine coop

issues the master mind, at whose fell swoop

the chaste affections tremble to fulfil

their purposes. behold, pre-signified

the might of spiritual sway! his thoughts—his dreams

10

do in the supernatural world abide:

so vaunt a throng of followers, filled with pride

in shows of virtue pushed to its extremes,

and sorceries of talent misapplied.

xxix. danish conquests

woe to the crown that doth the cowl obey!

dissension checks the arms that would restrain

the incessant rovers of the northern main,

and widely spreads once more a pagan sway;

but gospel-truth is potent to allay

5

fierceness and rage; and soon the cruel dane

feels, thro’ the influence of her gentle reign,

his native superstitions melt away.

thus, often, when thick gloom the east o’ershrouds,

the full-robed moon, slow-climbing, doth appear

10

silently to consume the heavy clouds;

how no one can resolve; but every eye

around her sees, while air is hushed, a clear

and widening circuit of etherial sky.

xxx. canute

a pleasant music floats along the mere,

1 “the violent measures, carried on under the influence of dunstan, for strengthening the

benedictine order, were a leading cause of the second series of danish invasions. see

turner.” ww

382 the poems of william wordsworth

from monks in ely chaunting service high,

whileas canùte the king is rowing by:

“my oarsmen,” quoth the mighty king, “draw near,

“that we the sweet song of the monks may hear!”

5

he listen’d (all past conquests and all schemes

of future vanishing like empty dreams)

heart-touch’d, and haply not without a tear.

the royal minstrel, ere the choir was still,

while his free barge skims the smooth flood along,

10

gives to that rapture a memorial rhyme.

o suffering earth! be thankful; sternest clime

and rudest age are subject to the thrill

of heaven-descended piety and song.

xxxi. the norman conquest

the woman-hearted confessor prepares

the evanescence of the saxon line.

hark! ’tis the curfew’s knell! the stars may shine;

but of the lights that cherish household cares

and festive gladness, burns not one that dares

5

to twinkle after that dull stroke of thine,

emblem and instrument, from thames to tyne,

of force that daunts, and cunning that ensnares!

yet, as the terrors of the lordly bell,

that quench from hut to palace lamps and fires,

10

touch not the tapers of the sacred quires,

even so a thraldom studious to expel

old laws, and ancient customs to derange,

brings to religion no injurious change.

xxxii. the council of clermont

“and shall,” the pontiff asks, “profaneness flow

“from nazareth—source of christian piety,

“from bethlehem, from the mounts of agony

“and glorified ascension? warriors go,

“with prayers and blessings we your path will sow;

5

“like moses hold our hands erect, till ye

  “which is still extant.” ww. the latin “song” dates from the twelfth century and was often

translated into english.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 383

“have chased far off by righteous victory

“these sons of amalec, or laid them low!”

“god willeth it,” the whole assembly cry;

shout which the enraptured multitude astounded.

10

the council-roof and clermont’s towers reply:

“god willeth it,” from hill to hill rebounded;

sacred resolve, in countries far and nigh,

through “nature’s hollow arch,” that night, resounded!

xxxiii. crusades

the turban’d race are poured in thickening swarms

along the west; though driven from aquitaine,

the crescent glitters on the towers of spain;

and soft italia feels renewed alarms;

the scimitar, that yields not to the charms

5

of ease, the narrow bosphorus will disdain;

nor long (that crossed) would grecian hills detain

their tents, and check the current of their arms.

then blame not those who, by the mightiest lever

known to the moral world, imagination,

10

upheave (so seems it) from her natural station

all christendom:—they sweep along—(was never

so huge a host!)—to tear from the unbeliever

the precious tomb, their haven of salvation.

xxxiv. richard i

redoubted king, of courage leonine,

i mark thee, richard! urgent to equip

thy warlike person with the staff and scrip;

i watch thee sailing o’er the midland brine;

in conquered cyprus see thy bride decline

5

her blushing cheek, love’s vow upon her lip,

and see love-emblems streaming from thy ship,

as thence she holds her way to palestine.

my song (a fearless homager) would attend

thy thundering battle-axe as it cleaves the press

10

of war, but duty summons her away

  “the decision of this council was believed to be instantly known in remote parts of europe.”

ww

384 the poems of william wordsworth

to tell, how finding in the rash distress

of those enthusiast powers a constant friend,

through giddier heights hath clomb the papal sway.

xxxv. an interdict

realms quake by turns: proud arbitress of grace,

the church, by mandate shadowing forth the power

she arrogates o’er heaven’s eternal door,

closes the gates of every sacred place;—

straight from the sun and tainted air’s embrace

5

all sacred things are covered: cheerful morn

grows sad as night—no seemly garb is worn,

nor is a face allowed to meet a face

with natural smile of greeting.—bells are dumb;

ditches are graves—funereal rights denied;

10

and in the church-yard he must take his bride

who dares be wedded! fancies thickly come

into the pensive heart ill fortified,

and comfortless despairs the soul benumb.

xxxvi. papal abuses

as with the stream our voyage we pursue

the gross materials of this world present

a marvellous study of wild accident;

uncouth proximities of old and new;

and bold transfigurations, more untrue

5

(as might be deemed) to disciplined intent

than aught the sky’s fantastic element,

when most fantastic, offers to the view.

saw we not henry scourged at becket’s shrine?

lo! john self-stripped of his insignia—crown,

10

sceptre and mantle, sword and ring, laid down

at a proud legate’s feet! the spears that line

baronial halls, the opprobrious insult feel;

and angry ocean roars a vain appeal.

xxxvii. scene in venice

black demons hovering o’er his mitred head,

to cæsar’s successor the pontiff spake;

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 385

“ere i absolve thee, stoop! that on thy neck

“levelled with earth this foot of mine may tread.”

then, he who to the altar had been led,

5

he, whose strong arm the orient could not check,

he, who had held the soldan at his beck,

stooped, of all glory disinherited,

and even the common dignity of man!

amazement strikes the crowd;—while many turn

10

their eyes away in sorrow, others burn

with scorn, invoking a vindictive ban

from outraged nature; but the sense of most

in abject sympathy with power is lost.

xxxviii. papal dominion

unless to peter’s chair the viewless wind

must come and ask permission when to blow,

what further empire would it have? for now

a ghostly domination, unconfined

as that by dreaming bards to love assigned,

5

sits there in sober truth—to raise the low—

perplex the wise—the strong to overthrow—

through earth and heaven to bind and to unbind!

resist—the thunder quails thee!—crouch—rebuff

shall be thy recompence! from land to land

10

the ancient thrones of christendom are stuff

for occupation of a magic wand,

and ’tis the pope that wields it,—whether rough

or smooth his front, our world is in his hand!

ecclesiastical sketches.

part ii

to the close of the troubles in the reign of charles i

i. cistertian monastery

“here man more purely lives, less oft doth fall,

“more promptly rises, walks with nicer heed,

“more safely rests, dies happier, is freed

“earlier from cleansing fires, and gains withal

386 the poems of william wordsworth

“a brighter crown.” —on yon cistertian wall

5

that confident assurance may be read;

and, to like shelter, from the world have fled

encreasing multitudes. the potent call

doubtless shall cheat full oft the heart’s desires;

yet, while the rugged age on pliant knee

10

vows to rapt fancy humble fealty,

a gentler life spreads round the holy spires;

where’er they rise the sylvan waste retires,

and aëry harvests crown the fertile lea.

ii. monks, and schoolmen

record we too, with just and faithful pen,

that many hooded cenobites there are,

who in their private cells have yet a care

of public quiet: unambitious men,

counsellors for the world, of piercing ken;

5

whose fervent exhortations from afar

move princes to their duty, peace or war;

and oft-times in the most forbidding den

of solitude, with love of science strong,

how patiently the yoke of thought they bear!

10

how subtly glide its finest threads along!

spirits that crowd the intellectual sphere

with mazy boundaries, as the astronomer

with orb and cycle girds the starry throng.

iii. other benefits

and not in vain embodied to the sight

religion finds even in the stern retreat

of feudal sway her own appropriate seat;

from the collegiate pomps on windsor’s height,

down to the humble altar, which the knight

5

and his retainers of the embattled hall

seek in domestic oratory small,

for prayer in stillness, or the chaunted rite;

  “ ‘bonum est nos hic esse, quia homo vivit purius, cadit rarius, surgit velocius, incedit cau-tius,  quiescit  securius,  moritur  felicius,  purgatur  citius,  præmiatur  copiosius.’  bernard.

‘this sentence,’ says dr. whitaker, ‘is usually inscribed on some conspicuous part of the

cistertian houses.’ ” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 387

then chiefly dear, when foes are planted round,

who teach the intrepid guardians of the place,

10

hourly exposed to death, with famine worn,

and suffering under many a doubtful wound,

how sad would be their durance, if forlorn

of offices dispensing heavenly grace!

iv. continued

and what melodious sounds at times prevail!

and, ever and anon, how bright a gleam

pours on the surface of the turbid stream!

what heartfelt fragrance mingles with the gale

that swells the bosom of our passing sail!

5

for where, but on this river’s margin, blow

those flowers of chivalry, to bind the brow

of hardihood with wreaths that shall not fail?

fair court of edward! wonder of the world!

i see a matchless blazonry unfurled

10

of wisdom, magnanimity, and love;

and meekness tempering honourable pride;

the lamb is couching by the lion’s side,

and near the flame-eyed eagle sits the dove.

v. crusaders

nor can imagination quit the shores

of these bright scenes without a farewell glance

given to those dream-like issues—that romance

of many-coloured life which fortune pours

round the crusaders, till on distant shores

5

their labours end; or they return to lie,

the vow performed, in cross-legged effigy,

devoutly stretched upon their chancel floors.

am i deceived? or is their requiem chaunted

by voices never mute when heaven unties

10

her inmost, softest, tenderest harmonies;

requiem which earth takes up with voice undaunted,

when she would tell how good, and brave, and wise,

for their high guerdon not in vain have panted!

388 the poems of william wordsworth

vi. transubstantiation

enough! for see, with dim association

the tapers burn; the odorous incense feeds

a greedy flame; the pompous mass proceeds;

the priest bestows the appointed consecration;

and, while the host is raised, its elevation

5

an awe and supernatural horror breeds,

and all the people bow their heads like reeds,

to a soft breeze, in lowly adoration.

this valdo brook’d not. on the banks of rhone

he taught, till persecution chased him thence,

10

to adore the invisible, and him alone.

nor were his followers loth to seek defence,

’mid woods and wilds, on nature’s craggy throne,

from rites that trample upon soul and sense.

vii. waldenses

these who gave earliest notice, as the lark

springs from the ground the morn to gratulate;

who rather rose the day to antedate,

by striking out a solitary spark,

when all the world with midnight gloom was dark—

5

these harbingers of good, whom bitter hate

in vain endeavoured to exterminate,

fell obloquy pursues with hideous bark?

meanwhile the unextinguishable fire,

rekindled thus, from dens and savage woods

10

moves, handed on with never-ceasing care,

through courts, through camps, o’er limitary floods;

nor lacks this sea-girt isle a timely share

  “the list of foul names bestowed upon those poor creatures is long and curious;—and, as

is, alas! too natural, most of the opprobrious appellations are drawn from circumstances

into which they were forced by their persecutors, who even consolidated their miseries into

one reproachful term, calling them patarenians or paturins, from pati, to suffer.

dwellers with wolves she names them, for the pine

and green oak are their covert; as the gloom

of night oft foils their enemy’s design,

she calls them riders on the flying broom;

sorcerers, whose frame and aspect have become

one and the same through practices malign.” in his note ww quotes the sestet from

an earlier version of the sonnet.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 389

of the new flame, not suffered to expire.

viii. archbishop chicheley to henry v

“what beast in wilderness or cultured field

“the lively beauty of the leopard shews?

“what flower in meadow-ground or garden grows

“that to the towering lily doth not yield?

“let both meet only on thy royal shield!

5

“go forth, great king! claim what thy birth bestows;

“conquer the gallic lily which thy foes

“dare to usurp;—thou hast a sword to wield,

“and heaven will crown the right.”—the mitred sire

thus spake—and lo! a fleet, for gaul addressed,

10

ploughs her bold course across the wondering seas;

for, sooth to say, ambition, in the breast

of youthful heroes, is no sullen fire,

but one that leaps to meet the fanning breeze.

ix. wars of york and lancaster

thus is the storm abated by the craft

of a shrewd counsellor, eager to protect

the church, whose power hath recently been check’d,

whose monstrous riches threatened. so the shaft

of victory mounts high, and blood is quaff’d

5

in fields that rival cressy and poictiers.

but mark the dire effect in coming years!

deep, deep as hell itself, the future draught

of civil slaughter. yet, while temporal power

is by these shocks exhausted, spiritual truth

10

maintains the else endangered gift of life;

proceeds from infancy to lusty youth;

and, under cover of that woeful strife,

gathers unblighted strength from hour to hour.

x. wicliffe

once more the church is seized with sudden fear,

and at her call is wicliffe disinhumed:

yea, his dry bones to ashes are consumed,

and flung into the brook that travels near;

390 the poems of william wordsworth

forthwith, that ancient voice which streams can hear

5

thus speaks, (that voice which walks upon the wind,

though seldom heard by busy human kind,)

“as thou these ashes, little brook! wilt bear

“into the avon, avon to the tide

“of severn, severn to the narrow seas,

10

“into main ocean they, this deed accurst

“an emblem yields to friends and enemies

“how the bold teacher’s doctrine, sanctified

“by truth, shall spread throughout the world dispersed.”

xi. corruptions of the higher clergy

“woe to you, prelates! rioting in ease

“and cumbrous wealth—the shame of your estate;

“you on whose progress dazzling trains await

“of pompous horses; whom vain titles please,

“who will be served by others on their knees,

5

“yet will yourselves to god no service pay;

“pastors who neither take nor point the way

“to heaven; for either lost in vanities

“ye have no skill to teach, or if ye know

“and speak the word——” alas! of fearful things

10

’tis the most fearful when the people’s eye

abuse hath cleared from vain imaginings;

and taught the general voice to prophesy

of justice armed, and pride to be laid low.

xii. abuse of monastic power

and what is penance with her knotted thong,

mortification with the shirt of hair,

wan cheek, and knees indùrated with prayer,

vigils, and fastings rigorous as long,

if cloistered avarice scruple not to wrong

5

the pious, humble, useful secular,

and robs the people of his daily care,

scorning their wants because her arm is strong?

inversion strange! that to a monk, who lives

for self, and struggles with himself alone,

10

the amplest share of heavenly favour gives;

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 391

and hath allotted, in the world’s esteem,

to such a higher station than to him

who on the good of others builds his own.

xiii. monastic voluptuousness

yet more,—round many a convent’s blazing fire

unhallowed threads of revelry are spun;

there venus sits disguised like a nun,—

while bacchus, clothed in semblance of a friar,

pours out his choicest beverage high and higher

5

sparkling, until it cannot chuse but run

over the bowl, whose silver lip hath won

an instant kiss of masterful desire—

to stay the precious waste. in every brain

spreads the dominion of the sprightly juice,

10

through the wide world to madding fancy dear,

till the arch’d roof, with resolute abuse

of its grave echoes, swells a choral strain,

whose votive burthen is—“our kingdom’s here!”

xiv. dissolution of the monasteries

threats come which no submission may assuage;

no sacrifice avert, no power dispute;

the tapers shall be quenched, the belfries mute,

and, ’mid their choirs unroofed by selfish rage,

the warbling wren shall find a leafy cage;

5

the gadding bramble hang her purple fruit;

and the green lizard and the gilded newt

lead unmolested lives, and die of age.

the owl of evening, and the woodland fox

for their abode the shrines of waltham chuse:

10

proud glastonbury can no more refuse

to stoop her head before these desperate shocks—

  “these two lines are adopted from a ms. written about the year 770, which accidentally

fell into my possession. the close of the preceding sonnet on monastic voluptuousness is

taken from the same source as is the verse, “where venus sits, andc.”

ww refers to ll. 3ff. (“there venus sits . . . “) of  ii.vii. monastic voluptuousness, above.

the manuscript poem has been identified as the ruins of st. mary’s abby, near dalton,

in furness, lancashire by william robinson (see  sonnet series and itinerary poems, p.

259).

392 the poems of william wordsworth

she whose high pomp displaced, as story tells,

arimathean joseph’s wattled cells.

xv. the same subject

the lovely nun (submissive but more meek

through saintly habit, than from effort due

to unrelenting mandates that pursue

with equal wrath the steps of strong and weak)

goes forth—unveiling timidly her cheek

5

suffused with blushes of celestial hue,

while through the convent gate to open view

softly she glides, another home to seek.

not iris, issuing from her cloudy shrine,

an apparitition more divinely bright!

10

not more attractive to the dazzled sight

those wat’ry glories, on the stormy brine

pour’d forth, while summer suns at distance shine,

and the green vales lie hush’d in sober light!

xvi. continued

yet some, noviciates of the cloistral shade,

or chained by vows, with undissembled glee

the warrant hail—exulting to be free;

like ships before whose keels, full long embayed

in polar ice, propitious winds have made

5

unlook’d-for outlet to an open sea,

their liquid world, for bold discovery,

in all her quarters temptingly displayed!

hope guides the young; but when the old must pass

the threshold, whither shall they turn to find

10

the hospitality—the alms (alas!

alms may be needed) which that house bestowed?

can they, in faith and worship, train the mind

to keep this new and questionable road?

xvii. saints

ye, too, must fly before a chasing hand,

angels and saints, in every hamlet mourned!

ah! if the old idolatry be spurned,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 393

let not your radiant shapes desert the land:

her adoration was not your demand,

the fond heart proffered it—the servile heart;

5

and therefore are ye summoned to depart,

michael, and thou st. george whose flaming brand

the dragon quelled; and valiant margaret

whose rival sword a like opponent slew:

10

and rapt cecilia, seraph-haunted queen

of harmony; and weeping magdalene,

who in the penitential desart met

gales sweet as those that over eden blew!

xviii. the virgin

mother! whose virgin bosom was uncrost

with the least shade of thought to sin allied;

woman! above all women glorified,

our tainted nature’s solitary boast;

purer than foam on central ocean tost;

5

brighter than eastern skies at day-break strewn

with fancied roses, than the unblemished moon

before her wane begins on heaven’s blue coast;

thy image falls to earth. yet some, i ween,

not unforgiven the suppliant knee might bend,

10

as to a visible power, in which did blend

all that was mixed and reconciled in thee

of mother’s love with maiden purity,

of high with low, celestial with terrene!

xix. apology

not utterly unworthy to endure

was the supremacy of crafty rome;

age after age to the arch of christendom

aërial keystone haughtily secure;

supremacy from heaven transmitted pure,

5

as many hold; and, therefore, to the tomb

pass, some through fire—and by the scaffold some—

like saintly fisher, and unbending more.

“lightly for both the bosom’s lord did sit

“upon his throne;” unsoftened, undismayed

10

394 the poems of william wordsworth

by aught that mingled with the tragic scene

of pity or fear; and more’s gay genius played

with the inoffensive sword of native wit,

than the bare axe more luminous and keen.

xx. imaginative regrets

deep is the lamentation! not alone

from sages justly honoured by mankind,

but from the ghostly tenants of the wind,

demons and spirits, many a dolorous groan

issues for that dominion overthrown:

5

proud tiber grieves, and far-off ganges, blind

as his own worshippers;—and nile, reclined

upon his monstrous urn, the farewell moan

renews.—through every forest, cave, and den,

where frauds were hatch’d of old, hath sorrow past—

10

hangs o’er the arabian prophet’s native waste

where once his airy helpers schemed and planned,

’mid phantom lakes bemocking thirsty men,

and stalking pillars built of fiery sand.

xxi. reflections

grant, that by this unsparing hurricane

green leaves with yellow mixed are torn away,

and goodly fruitage with the mother spray,

’twere madness—wished we, therefore, to detain,

with farewell sighs of mollified disdain,

5

the “trumpery” that ascends in bare display,—

bulls, pardons, relics, cowls black, white, and grey,

upwhirl’d—and flying o’er the ethereal plain

fast bound for limbo lake.—and yet not choice

but habit rules the unreflecting herd,

10

and airy bonds are hardest to disown;

hence, with the spiritual soverereignty transferred

unto itself, the crown assumes a voice

of reckless mastery, hitherto unknown.

xxii. translation of the bible

but, to outweigh all harm, the sacred book,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 395

in dusty sequestration wrapp’d too long,

assumes the accents of our native tongue;

and he who guides the plough, or wields the crook,

with understanding spirit now may look

5

upon her records, listen to her song,

and sift her laws—much wondering that the wrong,

which faith has suffered, heaven could calmly brook.

transcendant boon! noblest that earthly king

ever bestowed to equalize and bless

10

under the weight of mortal wretchedness!

but passions spread like plagues, and thousands wild

with bigotry shall tread the offering

beneath their feet—detested and defiled.

xxiii. edward vi

“sweet is the holiness of youth”—so felt

time-honoured chaucer when he framed the lay

by which the prioress beguiled the way,

and many a pilgrim’s rugged heart did melt.

hadst thou, loved bard! whose spirit often dwelt

5

in the clear land of vision, but foreseen

king, child, and seraph, blended in the mien

of pious edward kneeling as he knelt

in meek and simple infancy, what joy

for universal christendom had thrilled

10

thy heart! what hopes inspired thy genius, skilled

(o great precursor, genuine morning star)

the lucid shafts of reason to employ,

piercing the papal darkness from afar!

xxiv. edward signing the warrant for the

execution of joan of kent

the tears of man in various measure gush

from various sources; gently overflow

from blissful transport some—from clefts of woe

some with ungovernable impulse rush;

and some, coëval with the earliest blush

5

of infant passion, scarcely dare to show

their pearly lustre—coming but to go;

396 the poems of william wordsworth

and some break forth when others’ sorrows crush

the sympathizing heart. nor these, nor yet

the noblest drops to admiration known,

10

to gratitude, to injuries forgiv’n,

claim heaven’s regard like waters that have wet

the innocent eyes of youthful monarchs driven

to pen the mandates, nature doth disown.

xxv. cranmer

outstretching flame-ward his upbraided hand

(o god of mercy, may no earthly seat

of judgment such presumptuous doom repeat!)

amid the shuddering throng doth cranmer stand;

firm as the stake to which with iron band

5

his frame is tied; firm from the naked feet

to the bare head, the victory complete;

the shrouded body, to the soul’s command,

answering with more than indian fortitude,

through all her nerves with finer sense endued;

10

now wrapt in flames—and now in smoke embowered—

till self-reproach and panting aspirations

are, with the heart that held them, all devoured;

the spirit set free, and crown’d with joyful acclamations!

xxvi. general view of the troubles of the

reformation

aid, glorious martyrs, from your fields of light

our mortal ken! inspire a perfect trust

(while we look round) that heaven’s decrees are just;

which few can hold committed to a fight

that shews, ev’n on its better side, the might

5

of proud self-will, rapacity, and lust,

’mid clouds envelop’d of polemic dust,

which showers of blood seem rather to incite

than to allay.—anathemas are hurled

from both sides; veteran thunders (the brute test

10

of truth) are met by fulminations new—

tartarean flags are caught at, and unfurled—

friends strike at friends—the flying shall pursue—

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 397

and victory sickens, ignorant where to rest!

xxvii. english reformers in exile

scattering, like birds escaped the fowler’s net,

some seek with timely flight a foreign strand,

most happy, re-assembled in a land

by dauntless luther freed, could they forget

their country’s woes. but scarcely have they met,

5

partners in faith, and brothers in distress,

free to pour forth their common thankfulness,

ere hope declines; their union is beset

with prurient speculations rashly sown,

whence thickly-sprouting growth of poisonous weeds;

10

their forms are broken staves; their passions steeds

that master them. how enviably blest

is he who can, by help of grace, enthrone

the peace of god within his single breast!

xxviii. elizabeth

hail, virgin queen! o’er many an envious bar

triumphant—snatched from many a treacherous wile!

all hail, sage lady, whom a grateful isle

hath blest, respiring from that dismal war

stilled by thy voice! but quickly from afar

5

defiance breathes with more malignant aim;

and alien storms with home-bred ferments claim

portentous fellowship. her silver car

meanwhile, by prudence ruled, glides slowly on;

unhurt by violence, from menaced taint

10

emerging pure, and seemingly more bright!

for, wheresoe’er she moves, the clouds anon

disperse; or—under a divine constraint—

reflect some portion of her glorious light!

xxix. eminent reformers

methinks that i could trip o’er heaviest soil,

light as a buoyant bark from wave to wave,

were mine the trusty staff that jewel gave

to youthful hooker, in familiar style

398 the poems of william wordsworth

the gift exalting, and with playful smile:

5

for, thus equipped, and bearing on his head

the donor’s farewell blessing, could he dread

tempest, or length of way, or weight of toil?

more sweet than odours caught by him who sails

near spicy shores of araby the blest,

10

a thousand times more exquisitely sweet,

the freight of holy feeling which we meet,

in thoughtful moments, wafted by the gales

from fields where good men walk, or bowers wherein they rest.

xxx. the same

holy and heavenly spirits as they were,

spotless in life, and eloquent as wise,

with what entire affection did they prize

their new-born church! labouring with earnest care

to baffle all that might her strength impair;

5

that church—the unperverted gospel’s seat;

in their afflictions a divine retreat;

source of their liveliest hope, and tenderest prayer!

the truth exploring with an equal mind,

in polity and discipline they sought

10

firmly between the two extremes to steer;

but theirs the wise man’s ordinary lot,

to trace right courses for the stubborn blind,

and prophesy to ears that will not hear.

xxxi. distractions

men, who have ceased to reverence, soon defy

their forefathers;—lo! sects are formed—and split

with morbid restlessness—the ecstatic fit

spreads wide; though special mysteries multiply,

the saints must govern, is their common cry;

5

and so they labour; deeming holy writ

disgraced by aught that seems content to sit

beneath the roof of settled modesty.

  see ww’s note at the end of this volume.

2 “a common device in religious and political conflicts. see strype in support of this instance.”

ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 399

the romanist exults; fresh hope he draws

from the confusion—craftily incites

10

the overweening—personates the mad—

to heap disgust upon the worthier cause:

the throne is plagued; the new-born church is sad,

for every wave against her peace unites.

xxxii. gunpowder plot

fear hath a hundred eyes that all agree

to plague her beating heart; and there is one

(nor idlest that!) which holds communion

with things that were not, yet were meant to be.

aghast within its gloomy cavity

5

that eye (which sees as if fulfilled and done

crimes that might stop the motion of the sun)

beholds the horrible catastrophe

of an assembled senate unredeemed

from subterraneous treason’s darkling power:

10

merciless act of sorrow infinite!

worse than the product of that dismal night,

when gushing, copious as a thunder shower,

the blood of huguenots through paris stream’d.

xxxiii. illustration

the virgin mountain, wearing like a queen

a brilliant crown of everlasting snow,

sheds ruin from her sides; and men below

wonder that aught of aspect so serene

can link with desolation. smooth and green,

5

and seeming, at a little distance, slow,

the waters of the rhine; but on they go

fretting and whitening, keener and more keen,

till madness seizes on the whole wide flood,

turned to a fearful thing whose nostrils breathe

10

blasts of tempestuous smoke—wherewith he tries

to hide himself but only magnifies;

and doth in more conspicuous torment writhe,

deafening the region in his ireful mood.

  “the jung-frau.” ww

400 the poems of william wordsworth

xxxiv. troubles of charles the first.

such contrast, in whatever track we move,

to the mind’s eye religion doth present;

now with her own deep quietness content;

then, like the mountain, thundering from above

against the ancient pine-trees of the grove

5

and the land’s humblest comforts. now her mood

recals the transformation of the flood,

whose rage the gentle skies in vain reprove,

earth cannot check. o terrible excess

of headstrong will! can this be piety?

10

no—some fierce maniac hath usurp’d her name;

and scourges england struggling to be free:

her peace destroyed! her hopes a wilderness!

her blessings curs’d—her glory turn’d to shame!

xxxv. laud

pursued by hate, debarred from friendly care;

an old weak man for vengeance thrown aside,

long “in the painful art of dying” tried,

(like a poor bird entangled in a snare

whose heart still flutters, though his wings forbear

5

to stir in useless struggle) laud relied

upon the strength which innocence supplied,

and in his prison breathed celestial air.

why tarries then thy chariot? wherefore stay,

o death! the ensanguined yet triumphant wheels,

10

which thou prepar’st, full often, to convey

(what time a state with madding faction reels)

the saint or patriot to the world that heals

all wounds, all perturbations doth allay?

xxxvi. afflictions of england

harp! couldst thou venture, on thy boldest string,

the faintest note to echo which the blast

caught from the hand of moses as it pass’d

o’er sinai’s top, or from the shepherd king,

  see ww’s note at the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 401

early awake, by siloa’s brook, to sing

5

of dread jehovah; then, should wood and waste

hear also of that name, and mercy cast

off to the mountains, like a covering

of which the lord was weary. weep, oh weep,

as good men wept beholding king and priest

10

despised by that stern god to whom they raise

their suppliant hands; but holy is the feast

he keepeth; like the firmament his ways;

his statutes like the chambers of the deep.

ecclesiastical sketches

part iii

from the restoration, to the present times

i

i saw the figure of a lovely maid

seated alone beneath a darksome tree,

whose fondly overhanging canopy

set off her brightness with a pleasing shade.

substance she seem’d (and that my heart betrayed,

5

for she was one i loved exceedingly;)

but while i gazed in tender reverie

(or was it sleep that with my fancy play’d?)

the bright corporeal presence, form, and face,

remaining still distinct, grew thin and rare,

10

like sunny mist; at length the golden hair,

shape, limbs, and heavenly features, keeping pace

each with the other, in a lingering race

of dissolution, melted into air.

ii. patriotic sympathies

last night, without a voice, this vision spake

fear to my spirit—passion that might seem

to lie dissevered from our present theme;

yet do i love my country—and partake

of kindred agitations for her sake;

5

she visits oftentimes my midnight dream;

402 the poems of william wordsworth

her glory meets me with the earliest beam

of light, which tells that morning is awake:

if aught impair her beauty or destroy,

or but forebode destruction, i deplore

10

with filial love the sad vicissitude;

if she hath fallen and righteous heaven restore

the prostrate, then my spring-time is renewed,

and sorrow bartered for exceeding joy.

iii. charles the second

who comes with rapture greeted, and caress’d

with frantic love—his kingdom to regain?

him virtue’s nurse, adversity, in vain

received, and fostered in her iron breast:

for all she taught of hardiest and of best,

5

or would have taught, by discipline of pain

and long privation, now dissolves amain,

or is remembered only to give zest

to wantonness.—away, circean revels!

already stands our country on the brink

10

of bigot rage, that all distinction levels

of truth and falsehood, swallowing the good name,

and, with that draught, the life-blood: misery, shame,

by poets loathed; from which historians shrink!

iv. latitudinarianism

yet truth is keenly sought for, and the wind

charged with rich words poured out in thought’s defence;

whether the church inspire that eloquence,

or a platonic piety—confined

to the sole temple of the inward mind;

5

and one there is who builds immortal lays,

though doomed to tread in solitary ways,

darkness before, and danger’s voice behind!

yet not alone, nor helpless to repel

sad thoughts; for from above the starry sphere

10

come secrets—whispered nightly to his ear;

and the pure spirit of celestial light

shines through his soul—“that he may see and tell

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 403

of things invisible to mortal sight.”

v. walton’s book of “lives”

there are no colours in the fairest sky

so fair as these. the feather whence the pen

was shaped that traced the lives of these good men,

dropped from an angel’s wing. with moistened eye

we read of faith and purest charity

5

in statesman, priest, and humble citizen.

o, could we copy their mild virtues, then

what joy to live, what blessedness to die!

methinks their very names shine still and bright,

apart—like glow-worms in the woods of spring,

10

or lonely tapers shooting far a light

that guides and cheers,—or seen, like stars on high,

satellites burning in a lucid ring

around meek walton’s heavenly memory.

vi. clerical integrity

nor shall the eternal roll of praise reject

those unconforming; whom one rigorous day

drives from their cures, a voluntary prey

to poverty and grief, and disrespect,

and some to want—as if by tempest wreck’d

5

on a wild coast; how destitute! did they

feel not that conscience never can betray,

that peace of mind is virtue’s sure effect.

their altars they forego, their homes they quit,

fields which they love, and paths they daily trod,

10

and cast the future upon providence;

as men the dictate of whose inward sense

outweighs the world; whom self-deceiving wit

lures not from what they deem the cause of god.

vii. acquittal of the bishops

a voice, from long-expectant thousands sent,

shatters the air and troubles tower and spire—

for justice hath absolved the innocent,

and tyranny is balked of her desire:

404 the poems of william wordsworth

up—down the busy thames—rapid as fire

5

coursing a train of gunpowder—it went,

and transport finds in every street a vent,

till the whole city rings like one vast quire.

the fathers urge the people to be still

with outstretched hands and earnest voice—in vain!

10

yea, many, haply wont to entertain

small reverence for the mitre’s offices,

and to religion’s self no friendly will,

a prelate’s blessing ask on bended knees.

viii. william the third

calm as an under current—strong to draw

millions of waves into itself, and run,

from sea to sea, impervious to the sun

and ploughing storm—the spirit of nassau

(by constant impulse of religious awe

5

swayed, and thereby enabled to contend

with the wide world’s commotions) from its end

swerves not—diverted by a casual law.

had mortal action e’er a nobler scope?

the hero comes to liberate, not defy;

10

and while he marches on with righteous hope,

conqueror beloved! expected anxiously!

the vacillating bondman of the pope

shrinks from the verdict of his steadfast eye.

ix. obligations of civil to religious liberty

ungrateful country, if thou e’er forget

the sons who for thy civil rights have bled!

how, like a roman, sidney bowed his head,

and russel’s milder blood the scaffold wet;

but these had fallen for profitless regret

5

had not thy holy church her champions bred,

and claims from other worlds inspirited

the star of liberty to rise. nor yet

(grave this within thy heart!) if spiritual things

be lost, through apathy, or scorn, or fear,

10

shalt thou thy humbler franchises support,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 405

however hardly won or justly dear;

what came from heaven to heaven by nature clings,

and, if dissevered thence, its course is short.

x. places of worship

as star that shines dependent upon star

is to the sky while we look up in love;

as to the deep fair ships which though they move

seem fixed, to eyes that watch them from afar;

as to the sandy desart fountains are,

5

with palm groves shaded at wide intervals,

whose fruit around the sun-burnt native falls

of roving tired or desultory war;

such to this british isle her christian fanes,

each linked to each for kindred services;

10

her spires, her steeple-towers with glittering vanes

far-kenned, her chapels lurking among trees,

where a few villagers on bended knees

find solace which a busy world disdains.

xi. pastoral character

a genial hearth, a hospitable board,

and a refined rusticity, belong

to the neat mansion, where, his flock among,

the learned pastor dwells, their watchful lord.

though meek and patient as a sheathed sword,

5

though pride’s least lurking thought appear a wrong

to human kind; though peace be on his tongue,

gentleness in his heart; can earth afford

such genuine state, pre-eminence so free,

as when, arrayed in christ’s authority,

10

he from the pulpit lifts his awful hand;

conjures, implores, and labours all he can

for re-subjecting to divine command

the stubborn spirit of rebellious man?

  see ww’s note at the end of this volume.

406 the poems of william wordsworth

xii. the liturgy

yes, if the intensities of hope and fear

attract us still, and passionate exercise

of lofty thoughts, the way before us lies

distinct with signs—through which, in fixed career,

as through a zodiac, moves the ritual year

5

of england’s church—stupendous mysteries!

which whoso travels in her bosom, eyes

as he approaches them, with solemn cheer.

enough for us to cast a transient glance

the circle through; relinquishing its story

10

for those whom heaven hath fitted to advance

and, harp in hand, rehearse the king of glory—

from his mild advent till his countenance

shall dissipate the seas and mountains hoary.

xiii. catechizing

from little down to least—in due degree,

around the pastor, each in new-wrought vest,

each with a vernal posy at his breast,

we stood, a trembling, earnest company!

with low soft murmur, like a distant bee,

5

some spake, by thought-perplexing fears betrayed;

and some a bold unerring answer made:

how fluttered then thy anxious heart for me,

beloved mother! thou whose happy hand

had bound the flowers i wore, with faithful tie:

10

sweet flowers! at whose inaudible command

her countenance, phantom-like, doth re-appear:

o lost too early for the frequent tear,

and ill requited by this heart-felt sigh!

xiv. rural ceremony

with smiles each happy face was overspread,

that trial ended. give we to a day

of festal joy one tributary lay;

  “this is still continued in many churches in westmoreland. it takes place in the month

of july, when the floor of the stalls is strewn with fresh rushes: and hence it is called the

‘rush-bearing.’ ” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 407

that day when, forth by rustic music led,

the village children, while the sky is red

5

with evening lights, advance in long array

through the still church-yard, each with garland gay,

that, carried sceptre-like, o’ertops the head

of the proud bearer. to the wide church-door,

charged with these offerings which their fathers bore

10

for decoration in the papal time,

the innocent procession softly moves:—

the spirit of laud is pleased in heav’n’s pure clime,

and hooker’s voice the spectacle approves!

xv. regrets

would that our scrupulous sires had dared to leave

less scanty measure of those graceful rites

and usages, whose due return invites

a stir of mind too natural to deceive;

giving the memory help when she would weave

5

a crown for hope! i dread the boasted lights

that all too often are but fiery blights,

killing the bud o’er which in vain we grieve.

go, seek, when christmas snows discomfort bring,

the counter spirit found in some gay church

10

green with fresh holly, every pew a perch

in which the linnet or the thrush might sing,

merry and loud, and safe from prying search,

strains offered only to the genial spring.

xvi. mutability

from low to high doth dissolution climb,

and sinks from high to low, along a scale

of awful notes, whose concord shall not fail;

a musical but melancholy chime,

which they can hear who meddle not with crime,

5

nor avarice, nor over-anxious care.

truth fails not; but her outward forms that bear

the longest date do melt like frosty rime,

that in the morning whitened hill and plain

and is no more; drop like the tower sublime

10

408 the poems of william wordsworth

of yesterday, which royally did wear

its crown of weeds, but could not even sustain

some casual shout that broke the silent air,

or the unimaginable touch of time.

xvii. old abbeys

monastic domes! following my downward way,

untouched by due regret i marked your fall!

now, ruin, beauty, ancient stillness, all

dispose to judgments temperate as we lay

on our past selves in life’s declining day:

5

for as, by discipline of time made wise,

we learn to tolerate the infirmities

and faults of others, gently as he may

towards our own the mild instructor deals,

teaching us to forget them or forgive.

10

perversely curious, then, for hidden ill

why should we break time’s charitable seals?

once ye were holy, ye are holy still;

your spirit freely let me drink and live!

xviii. congratulation

thus all things lead to charity—secured

by them who bless’d the soft and happy gale

that landward urged the great deliverer’s sail,

till in the sunny bay his fleet was moored!

propitious hour! had we, like them, endured

5

sore stress of apprehension, with a mind

sickened by injuries, dreading worse designed,

from month to month trembling and unassured,

how had we then rejoiced! but we have felt,

as a loved substance, their futurity;

10

good, which they dared not hope for, we have seen;

a state whose generous will through earth is dealt;

a state, which balancing herself between

licence and slavish order, dares be free.

  “this is borrowed from an affecting passage in mr. george dyer’s history of cambridge.”

2  “see  burnet,  who  is  unusually  animated  on  this  subject;  the  east  wind,  so  anxiously expected and prayed for, was called the ‘protestant wind.’ ” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 409

xix. new churches

but liberty, and triumphs on the main,

and laurelled armies—not to be withstood,

what serve they? if, on transitory good

intent, and sedulous of abject gain,

the state (ah surely not preserved in vain!)

5

forbear to shape due channels which the flood

of sacred truth may enter—till it brood

o’er the wide realm, as o’er the egyptian plain

the all-sustaining nile. no more—the time

is conscious of her want; through england’s bounds,

10

in rival haste, the wished-for temples rise!

i hear their sabbath bells’ harmonious chime

float on the breeze—the heavenliest of all sounds

that hill or vale prolongs or multiplies!

xx. church to be erected

be this the chosen site—the virgin sod,

moistened from age to age by dewy eve,

shall disappear—and grateful earth receive

the corner-stone from hands that build to god.

yon reverend hawthorns, hardened to the rod

5

of winter storms yet budding cheerfully;

those forest oaks of druid memory,

shall long survive, to shelter the abode

of genuine faith. where, haply, ’mid this band

of daisies, shepherds sate of yore and wove

10

may-garlands, let the holy altar stand

for kneeling adoration; while above,

broods, visibly pourtrayed, the mystic dove,

that shall protect from blasphemy the land.

xxi. continued

mine ear has rung, my spirits sunk subdued,

sharing the strong emotion of the crowd,

when each pale brow to dread hosannas bowed

while clouds of incense mounting veiled the rood,

that glimmered like a pine-tree dimly viewed

5

410 the poems of william wordsworth

through alpine vapours. such appalling rite

our church prepares not, trusting to the might

of simple truth with grace divine imbued;

yet will we not conceal the precious cross,

like men ashamed: the sun with his first smile

10

shall greet that symbol crowning the low pile;

and the fresh air of “incense-breathing morn”

shall wooingly embrace it; and green moss

creep round its arms through centuries unborn.

xxii. new church yard

the encircling ground, in native turf array’d,

is now by solemn consecration given

to social interests, and to favouring heaven;

and where the rugged colts their gambols play’d,

and wild deer bounded through the forest glade,

5

unchecked as when by merry outlaw driven,

shall hymns of praise resound at morn and even;

and soon, full soon, the lonely sexton’s spade

shall wound the tender sod. encincture small,

but infinite its grasp of joy and woe!

10

hopes, fears, in never-ending ebb and flow—

the spousal trembling—and the “dust to dust”—

the prayers—the contrite struggle—and the trust

that to the almighty father looks through all!

xxiii. cathedrals, andc.

open your gates ye everlasting piles!

types of the spiritual church which god hath reared;

not loth we quit the newly-hallowed sward

and humble altar, ’mid your sumptuous aisles

to kneel—or thrid your intricate defiles—

5

or down the nave to pace in motion slow,

watching, with upward eyes, the tall tower grow

and mount, at every step, with living wiles

instinct—to rouse the heart and lead the will

by a bright ladder to the world above.

10

  “the lutherans have retained the cross within their churches; it is to be regretted that we have not done the same.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 411

open your gates, ye monuments of love

divine! thou lincoln, on thy sovereign hill!

thou, stately york! and ye, whose splendors cheer

isis and cam, to patient science dear!

xxiv. inside of king’s college chapel, cambridge

tax not the royal saint with vain expense,

with ill-matched aims the architect who planned,

albeit labouring for a scanty band

of white-robed scholars only, this immense

and glorious work of fine intelligence!

5

give all thou canst; high heaven rejects the lore

of nicely-calculated less or more;

so deemed the man who fashioned for the sense

these lofty pillars—spread that branching roof

self-poised, and scooped into ten thousand cells,

10

where light and shade repose, where music dwells

lingering—and wandering on as loth to die,

like thoughts whose very sweetness yieldeth proof

that they were born for immortality.

xxv. the same

what awful perspective! while from our sight

their portraiture the lateral windows hide,

glimmers their corresponding stone-work, dyed

with the soft chequerings of a sleepy light.

martyr, or king, or sainted eremite,

5

whoe’er ye be, that thus—yourselves unseen—

imbue your prison-bars with solemn sheen,

shine on, until ye fade with coming night!

but, from the arms of silence—list! o list!

the music bursteth into second life—

10

the notes luxuriate—every stone is kiss’d

by sound, or ghost of sound, in mazy strife;

heart-thrilling strains, that cast before the eye

of the devout a veil of ecstasy!

xxvi. continued

they dreamt not of a perishable home

412 the poems of william wordsworth

who thus could build. be mine, in hours of fear

or grovelling thought, to seek a refuge here;

or through the aisles of westminster to roam;

where bubbles burst, and folly’s dancing foam

5

melts, if it cross the threshold; where the wreath

of awe-struck wisdom droops: or let my path

lead to that younger pile, whose sky-like dome

hath typified by reach of daring art

infinity’s embrace; whose guardian crest,

10

the silent cross, among the stars shall spread

as now, when she hath also seen her breast

filled with mementos, satiate with its part

of grateful england’s overflowing dead.

xxvii. ejaculation

glory to god! and to the power who came

in filial duty, clothed with love divine;

that made his human tabernacle shine

like ocean burning with purpureal flame;

or like the alpine mount, that takes its name

5

from roseate hues, far kenn’d at morn and even,

in hours of peace, or when the storm is driven

along the nether region’s rugged frame!

earth prompts—heaven urges; let us seek the light,

studious of that pure intercourse begun

10

when first our infant brows their lustre won;

so, like the mountain, may we grow more bright

from unimpeded commerce with the sun,

at the approach of all-involving night.

xxviii. conclusion

why sleeps the future, as a snake enrolled,

coil within coil, at noon-tide? for the word

yields, if with unpresumptuous faith explored,

power at whose touch the sluggard shall unfold

his drowsy rings. look forth! that stream behold,

5

that stream upon whose bosom we have pass’d

  “some say that monte rosa takes its name from a belt of rock at its summit—a very unpo-

etical and scarcely a probable supposition.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 413

floating at ease while nations have effaced

nations, and death has gathered to his fold

long lines of mighty kings—look forth, my soul!

(nor in that vision be thou slow to trust)

10

the living waters, less and less by guilt

stained and polluted, brighten as they roll,

till they have reached the eternal city—built

for the perfected spirits of the just!

[poems not included in series as first published]

[ druid temple]

and thus a structure potent to enchain

the eye of wonder rose in this fair isle;

not built with calculations nice and vain

but in mysterious nature’s boldest style,

yet orderly as some basaltic pile

5

that steadfastly repels the fretful main.

the point at issue

for what contend the wise? for nothing less

than that pure faith dissolve the bonds of sense;

the soul restored to god by evidence

of things not seen—drawn forth from their recess,

root there, and not in forms, her holiness:

5

that faith which to the patriarchs did dispense

sure guidance, ere a ceremonial fence

was needful round men thirsting to transgress;

that faith, more perfect still, with which the lord

of all, himself a spirit, in the youth

10

of christian aspiration, deigned to fill

the temples of their hearts—who, with his word

informed, were resolute to do his will,

and worship him in spirit and in truth.

revival of popery

melts into silent shades the youth, discrowned

by unrelenting death. o people keen

414 the poems of william wordsworth

for change, to whom the new looks always green!

they cast, they cast with joy upon the ground

their gods of wood and stone; and, at the sound

5

of counter-proclamation, now are seen,

(proud triumph is it for a sullen queen!)

lifting them up, the worship to confound

of the most high. again do they invoke

the creature, to the creature glory give;

10

again with frankincense the altars smoke

like those the heathen served; and mass is sung;

and prayer, man’s rational prerogative,

runs through blind channels of an unknown tongue.

latimer and ridley

how fast the marian death-list is unrolled!

see latimer and ridley in the might

of faith stand coupled for a common flight!

one (like those prophets whom god sent of old)

transfigured, from this kindling hath foretold

5

a torch of inextinguishable light;

the other gains a confidence as bold;

and thus they foil their enemy’s despite.

the penal instruments, the shows of crime,

are glorified while this once-mitred pair

10

of saintly friends, “the murtherer’s chain partake,

corded, and burning at the social stake:”

earth never witnessed object more sublime

in constancy, in fellowship more fair!

persecution of the scottish convenanters

when alpine vales threw forth a suppliant cry,

the majesty of england interposed

and the sword stopped; the bleeding wounds were closed;

and faith preserved her ancient purity.

how little boots that precedent of good,

5

scorned or forgotten, thou canst testify,

for england’s shame, o sister realm! from wood,

mountain, and moor, and crowded street, where lie

  see ww’s note at the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 415

the headless martyrs of the covenant,

slain by compatriot-protestants that draw

10

from councils senseless as intolerant

their warrant. bodies fall by wild sword-law;

but who would force the soul, tilts with a straw

against a champion cased in adamant.

“down a swift stream, thus far, a bold design”

down a swift stream, thus far, a bold design

have we pursued, with livelier stir of heart

than his who sees, borne forward by the rhine,

the living landscapes greet him, and depart;

sees spires fast sinking—up again to start!

5

and strives the towers to number, that recline

o’er the dark steeps, or on the horizon line

striding with shattered crests the eye athwart;—

so have we hurried on with troubled pleasure:

henceforth, as on the bosom of a stream

10

that slackens, and spreads wide a watery gleam,

we, nothing loth a lingering course to measure,

may gather up our thoughts, and mark at leisure

features that else had vanished like a dream.

sacheverell

a sudden conflict rises from the swell

of a proud slavery met by tenets strained

in liberty’s behalf. fears, true or feigned,

spread through all ranks; and lo! the sentinel

who loudest rang his pulpit larum bell,

5

stands at the bar—absolved by female eyes,

mingling their light with graver flatteries,

lavished on him that england may rebel

against her ancient virtue. high and low,

watch-words of party, on all tongues are rife;

10

as if a church, though sprung from heaven, must owe

to opposites and fierce extremes her life,—

not to the golden mean, and quiet flow

of truths that soften hatred, temper strife.

416 the poems of william wordsworth

baptism

blest be the church, that, watching o’er the needs

of infancy, provides a timely shower,

whose virtue changes to a christian flower

the sinful product of a bed of weeds!

fitliest beneath the sacred roof proceeds

5

the ministration; while parental love

looks on, and grace descendeth from above

as the high service pledges now, now pleads.

there, should vain thoughts outspread their wings and fly

to meet the coming hours of festal mirth,

10

the tombs which hear and answer that brief cry,

the infant’s notice of his second birth,

recal the wandering soul to sympathy

with what man hopes from heaven, yet fears from earth.

confirmation

the young-ones gathered in from hill and dale,

with holiday delight on every brow:

’tis passed away; far other thoughts prevail;

for they are taking the baptismal vow

upon their conscious selves; their own lips speak

5

the solemn promise. strongest sinews fail,

and many a blooming, many a lovely cheek

under the holy fear of god turns pale,

while on each head his lawn-robed servant lays

an apostolic hand, and with prayer seals

10

the covenant. the omnipotent will raise

their feeble souls; and bear with his regrets,

who, looking round the fair assemblage, feels

that ere the sun goes down their childhood sets.

confirmation continued

i saw a mother’s eye intensely bent

upon a maiden trembling as she knelt;

in and for whom the pious mother felt

things that we judge of by a light too faint:

tell, if ye may, some star-crowned muse, or saint!

5

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 417

tell what rushed in, from what she was relieved—

then, when her child the hallowing touch received,

and such vibration to the mother went

that tears burst forth amain. did gleams appear?

opened a vision of that blissful place

10

where dwells a sister-child? and was power given

part of her lost one’s glory back to trace

even to this rite? for thus she knelt, and, ere

the summer-leaf had faded, passed to heaven.

sacrament

by chain yet stronger must the soul be tied:

one duty more, last stage of this ascent,

brings to thy food, memorial sacrament!

the offspring, haply at the parent’s side;

but not till they, with all that do abide

5

in heaven, have lifted up their hearts to laud

and magnify the glorious name of god,

fountain of grace, whose son for sinners died.

here must my song in timid reverence pause:

but shrink not, ye, whom to the saving rite

10

the altar calls; come early under laws

that can secure for you a path of light

through gloomiest shade; put on (nor dread its weight)

armour divine, and conquer in your cause!

emigrant french clergy

even while i speak, the sacred roofs of france

are shattered into dust; and self-exiled

from altars threatened, levelled, or defiled,

wander the ministers of god, as chance

opens a way for life, or consonance

5

of faith invites. more welcome to no land

the fugitives than to the british strand,

where priest and layman with the vigilance

of true compassion greet them. creed and test

vanish before the unreserved embrace

10

of catholic humanity:—distrest

they came,—and, while the moral tempest roars

418 the poems of william wordsworth

throughout the country they have left, our shores

give to their faith a dreadless resting-place.

sponsors

father! to god himself we cannot give

a holier name! then lightly do not bear

both names conjoined—but of thy spiritual care

be duly mindful; still more sensitive

do thou, in truth a second mother, strive

5

against disheartening custom, that by thee

watched, and with love and pious industry

tended at need, the adopted plant may thrive

for everlasting bloom. benign and pure

this ordinance, whether loss it would supply,

10

prevent omission, help deficiency,

or seek to make assurance doubly sure.

shame if the consecrated vow be found

an idle form, the word an empty sound!

[the three following sonnets are an intended addition to the “ecclesiastical

sketches,” the first to stand second; and the two that succeed, seventh and

eighth, in the second part of the series.—see the author’s poems.—they are

placed here as having some connection with the foregoing poem.]

“deplorable his lot who tills the ground”

deplorable his lot who tills the ground,

his whole life long tills it, with heartless toil

of villain-service, passing with the soil

to each new master, like a steer or hound,

or like a rooted tree, or stone earth-bound;

5

but mark how gladly, through their own domains,

the monks relax or break these iron chains;

while mercy, uttering, through their voice, a sound

echoed in heaven, cries out, “ye chiefs, abate

these legalized oppressions! man, whose name

10

and nature god disdained not; man, whose soul

christ died for, cannot forfeit his high claim

to live and move exempt from all controul

which fellow-feeling doth not mitigate!”

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 419

the vaudois

but whence came they who for the saviour lord

have long borne witness as the scriptures teach?

ages ere valdo raised his voice to preach

in gallic ears the unadulterate word,

their fugitive progenitors explored

5

subalpine vales, in quest of safe retreats

where that pure church survives, though summer heats

open a passage to the romish sword,

far as it dares to follow. herbs self-sown,

and fruitage gathered from the chestnut wood,

10

nourish the sufferers then; and mists, that brood

o’er chasms with new-fallen obstacles bestrown,

protect them; and the eternal snow that daunts

aliens, is god’s good winter for their haunts.

“praised be the rivers, from their mountain-springs”

praised be the rivers, from their mountain-springs

shouting to freedom, “plant thy banners here!”

to harassed piety, “dismiss thy fear,

and in our caverns smooth thy ruffled wings!”

nor be unthanked their tardiest lingerings

5

’mid reedy fens wide-spread and marshes drear,

their own creation, till their long career

end in the sea engulphed. such welcomings

as came from mighty po when venice rose,

greeted those simple heirs of truth divine

10

who near his fountains sought obscure repose,

yet were prepared as glorious lights to shine,

should that be needed for their sacred charge;

blest prisoners they, whose spirits are at large!

“coldly we spake. the saxons, overpowered”

coldly we spake. the saxons, overpowered

by wrong triumphant through its own excess,

from fields laid waste, from house and home devoured

by flames, look up to heaven and crave redress

from god’s eternal justice. pitiless

5

420 the poems of william wordsworth

though men be, there are angels that can feel

for wounds that death alone has power to heal,

for penitent guilt, and innocent distress.

and has a champion risen in arms to try

his country’s virtue, fought, and breathes no more;

10

him in their hearts the people canonize;

and far above the mine’s most precious ore

the least small pittance of bare mould they prize

scooped from the sacred earth where his dear relics lie.

aspects of christianity in america

i.—the pilgrim fathers

well worthy to be magnified are they

who, with sad hearts, of friends and country took

a last farewell, their loved abodes forsook,

and hallowed ground in which their fathers lay;

then to the new-found world explored their way,

5

that so a church, unforced, uncalled to brook

ritual restraints, within some sheltering nook

her lord might worship and his word obey

in freedom. men they were who could not bend;

blest pilgrims, surely, as they took for guide

10

a will by sovereign conscience sanctified;

blest while their spirits from the woods ascend

along a galaxy that knows no end,

but in his glory who for sinners died.

ii. continued

from rite and ordinance abused they fled

  “this and the two following sonnets are intended to take their place in the ecclesiastical

series which the reader may find in the fourth volume of my poems. american episcopacy,

in union with the church in england, strictly belongs to the general subject; and i here

make my acknowledgments to my american friends, bishop doane, and mr. henry reed

of philadelphia, for having suggested to me the propriety of adverting to it, and pointed

out the virtues and intellectual qualities of bishop white, which so eminently fitted him for

the great work he undertook. bishop white was consecrated at lambeth, feb. 4, 787,

by archbishop moore; and before his long life was closed, twenty-six bishops had been

consecrated in america by himself. for his character and opinions, see his own numerous

works, and a “sermon in commemoration of him, by george washington doane, bishop

of new jersey.”

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 421

to wilds where both were utterly unknown;

but not to them had providence foreshown

what benefits are missed, what evils bred,

in worship neither raised nor limited

5

save by self-will. lo! from that distant shore,

for rite and ordinance, piety is led

back to the land those pilgrims left of yore,

led by her own free choice. so truth and love

by conscience governed do their steps retrace.—

10

fathers! your virtues, such the power of grace,

their spirit, in your children, thus approve.

transcendent over time, unbound by place,

concord and charity in circles move.

iii. concluded.—american episcopacy

patriots informed with apostolic light

were they, who, when their country had been freed,

bowing with reverence to the ancient creed,

fixed on the frame of england’s church their sight,

and strove in filial love to reunite

5

what force had severed. thence they fetched the seed

of christian unity, and won a meed

of praise from heaven. to thee, o saintly white,

patriarch of a wide-spreading family,

remotest lands and unborn times shall turn,

10

whether they would restore or build—to thee,

as one who rightly taught how zeal should burn,

as one who drew from out faith’s holiest urn

the purest stream of patient energy.

“how soon—alas! did man, created pure—”

how soon—alas! did man, created pure—

by angels guarded, deviate from the line

prescribed to duty:—woeful forfeiture

he made by wilful breach of law divine.

with like perverseness did the church abjure

5

obedience to her lord, and haste to twine,

’mid heaven-born flowers that shall for aye endure,

weeds on whose front the world had fixed her sign.

422 the poems of william wordsworth

o man,—if with thy trials thus it fares,

if good can smooth the way to evil choice,

10

from all rash censure be the mind kept free;

he only judges right who weighs, compares,

and, in the sternest sentence which his voice

pronounces, ne’er abandons charity.

“from false assumption rose, and fondly hail’d”

from false assumption rose, and fondly hail’d

by superstition, spread the papal power;

yet do not deem the autocracy prevail’d

thus only, even in error’s darkest hour.

she daunts, forth-thundering from her spiritual tower

5

brute rapine, or with gentle lure she tames.

justice and peace through her uphold their claims;

and chastity finds many a sheltering bower.

realm there is none that if controul’d or sway’d

by her commands partakes not, in degree,

10

of good, o’er manners arts and arms, diffused:

yes, to thy domination, roman see,

tho’ miserably, oft monstrously, abused

by blind ambition, be this tribute paid.

“as faith thus sanctified the warrior’s crest”

as faith thus sanctified the warrior’s crest

while from the papal unity there came,

what feebler means had fail’d to give, one aim

diffused thro’ all the regions of the west;

so does her unity its power attest

5

by works of art, that shed, on the outward frame

of worship, glory and grace, which who shall blame

that ever looked to heaven for final rest?

hail countless temples! that so well befit

your ministry; that, as ye rise and take

10

form, spirit and character from holy writ,

give to devotion, wheresoe’er awake,

pinions of high and higher sweep, and make

the unconverted soul with awe submit.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 423

“where long and deeply hath been fixed the root”

where long and deeply hath been fixed the root

in the blest soil of gospel truth, the tree,

(blighted or scathed tho’ many branches be,

put forth to wither, many a hopeful shoot)

can never cease to bear celestial fruit.

5

witness the church that oft times, with effect

dear to the saints, strives earnestly to eject

her bane, her vital energies recruit.

lamenting, do not hopelessly repine

when such good work is doomed to be undone,

10

the conquests lost that were so hardly won:—

all promises vouchsafed by heaven will shine

in light confirmed while years their course shall run,

confirmed alike in progress and decline.

“bishops and priests, blessed are ye, if deep”

bishops and priests, blessed are ye, if deep

(as yours above all offices is high)

deep in your hearts the sense of duty lie;

charged as ye are by christ to feed and keep

from wolves your portion of his chosen sheep:

5

labouring as ever in your master’s sight,

making your hardest task your best delight,

what perfect glory ye in heaven shall reap!—

but, in the solemn office which ye sought

and undertook premonished, if unsound

10

your practice prove, faithless though but in thought,

bishops and priests, think what a gulf profound

awaits you then, if they were rightly taught

who framed the ordinance by your lives disowned!

the marriage ceremony.

the vested priest before the altar stands;

approach, come gladly, ye prepared, in sight

of god and chosen friends, your troth to plight

with the symbolic ring, and willing hands

solemnly joined. now sanctify the bands

5

424 the poems of william wordsworth

o father!—to the espoused thy blessing give,

that mutually assisted they may live

obedient, as here taught, to thy commands.

so prays the church, to consecrate a vow

“the which would endless matrimony make;”

10

union that shadows forth and doth partake

a mystery potent human love to endow

with heavenly, each more prized for the other’s sake;

weep not, meek bride! uplift thy timid brow.

thanksgiving after childbirth

woman! the power who left his throne on high,

and deigned to wear the robe of flesh we wear,

the power that thro’ the straits of infancy

did pass dependent on maternal care,

his own humanity with thee will share,

5

pleased with the thanks that in his people’s eye

thou offerest up for safe delivery

from childbirth’s perilous throes. and should the heir

of thy fond hopes hereafter walk inclined

to courses fit to make a mother rue

10

that ever he was born, a glance of mind

cast upon this observance may renew

a better will; and, in the imagined view

of thee thus kneeling, safety he may find.

visitation of the sick

the sabbath bells renew the inviting peal;

glad music! yet there be that, worn with pain

and sickness, listen where they long have lain,

in sadness listen. with maternal zeal

inspired, the church sends ministers to kneel

5

beside the afflicted; to sustain with prayer,

and soothe the heart confession hath laid bare—

that pardon, from god’s throne, may set its seal

on a true penitent. when breath departs

from one disburthened so, so comforted,

10

his spirit angels greet; and ours be hope

that, if the sufferer rise from his sick-bed,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 425

hence he will gain a firmer mind, to cope

with a bad world, and foil the tempter’s arts.

the commination service

shun not this rite, neglected, yea abhorred,

by some of unreflecting mind, as calling

man to curse man, (thought monstrous and appalling.)

go thou and hear the threatenings of the lord;

listening within his temple see his sword

5

unsheathed in wrath to strike the offender’s head,

thy own, if sorrow for thy sin be dead,

guilt unrepented, pardon unimplored.

two aspects bears truth needful for salvation;

who knows not that?—yet would this delicate age

10

look only on the gospel’s brighter page:

let light and dark duly our thoughts employ;

so shall the fearful words of commination

yield timely fruit of peace and love and joy.

forms of prayer at sea

to kneeling worshippers no earthly floor

gives holier invitation than the deck

of a storm-shattered vessel saved from wreck

(when all that man could do avail’d no more)

by him who raised the tempest and restrains:

5

happy the crew who this have felt, and pour

forth for his mercy, as the church ordains,

solemn thanksgiving. nor will they implore

in vain who, for a rightful cause, give breath

to words the church prescribes aiding the lip

10

for the heart’s sake, ere ship with hostile ship

encounters, armed for work of pain and death.

suppliants! the god to whom your cause ye trust

will listen, and ye know that he is just.

funeral service

from the baptismal hour, thro’ weal and woe,

the church extends her care to thought and deed;

nor quits the body when the soul is freed,

426 the poems of william wordsworth

the mortal weight cast off to be laid low.

blest rite for him who hears in faith, “i know

5

that my redeemer liveth,”—hears each word

that follows—striking on some kindred chord

deep in the thankful heart;—yet tears will flow.

man is as grass that springeth up at morn,

grows green, and is cut down and withereth

10

ere nightfall—truth that well may claim a sigh,

its natural echo; but hope comes reborn

at jesu’s bidding. we rejoice, “o death

where is thy sting?—o grave where is thy victory?”

427

memorials of a tour on the continent, 1820.

dedication

dear fellow-travellers! think not that the muse

presents to notice these memorial lays,

hoping the general eye thereon will gaze,

as on a mirror that gives back the hues

of living nature; no—though free to chuse

5

the greenest bowers, the most inviting ways,

the fairest landscapes and the brightest days,

she felt too deeply what her skill must lose.

for you she wrought;—ye only can supply

the life, the truth, the beauty: she confides

10

in that enjoyment which with you abides,

trusts to your love and vivid memory;

thus far contented that for you her verse

shall lack not power the “meeting soul to pierce!”

w. wordsworth.

rydal mount,

january 1822.

sonnet. fish-women

—on landing at calais

’tis said, fantastic ocean doth enfold

the likeness of whate’er on land is seen;

but, if the nereid sisters and their queen,

above whose heads the tide so long hath roll’d,

the dames resemble whom we here behold,

5

how terrible beneath the opening waves

to sink, and meet them in their fretted caves,

withered, grotesque, immeasurably old,

and shrill and fierce in accent!—fear it not;

  for the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and

itinerary poems, 1820–1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 35–356, and 49–44.

2  “if in this sonnet i should seem to have borne a little too hard upon the personal appear-

ance of the worthy poissardes of calais, let me take shelter under the authority of my

lamented friend the late sir george beaumont. he, a most accurate observer, used to say

of them, that their features and countenances seemed to have conformed to those of the

creatures they dealt in; at all events the resemblance was striking.” ww

428 the poems of william wordsworth

for they earth’s fairest daughters do excel;

10

pure unmolested beauty is their lot;

their voices into liquid music swell,

thrilling each pearly cleft and sparry grot—

the undisturbed abodes where sea-nymphs dwell!

sonnet

bruges

bruges i saw attired with golden light

(streamed from the west) as with a robe of power:

’tis passed away;—and now the sunless hour,

that slowly introducing peaceful night

best suits with fallen grandeur, to my sight

5

offers her beauty, her magnificence,

and all the graces left her for defence

against the injuries of time, the spite

of fortune, and the desolating storms

of future war. advance not—spare to hide,

10

o gentle power of darkness! these mild hues;

obscure not yet these silent avenues

of stateliest architecture, where the forms

of nun-like females, with soft motion, glide!

sonnet

bruges

the spirit of antiquity, enshrined

in sumptuous buildings, vocal in sweet song

and tales transmitted through the popular tongue,

and with devout solemnities entwined,

strikes at the seat of grace within the mind:

5

hence forms that slide with swan-like ease along;

hence motions, even amid the vulgar throng,

to an harmonious decency confined:

as if the streets were consecrated ground,

the city one vast temple—dedicate

10

to mutual respect in thought and deed;

to leisure, to forbearances sedate;

  see ww’s note at the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 429

to social cares from jarring passions freed;

a nobler peace than that in desarts found!

sonnet

after visiting the field of waterloo

a winged goddess, clothed in vesture wrought

of rainbow colours; one whose port was bold,

whose overburthened hand could scarcely hold

the glittering crowns and garlands which it brought,

hover’d in air above the far-famed spot.

5

she vanished—all was joyless, blank, and cold;

but if from wind-swept fields of corn that roll’d

in dreary billows, from the meagre cot,

and monuments that soon may disappear,

meanings we craved which could not there be found;

10

if the wide prospect seemed an envious seal

of great exploits; we felt as men should feel,

with such vast hoards of hidden carnage near,

and horror breathing from the silent ground!

sonnet

scenery between namur and liege

what lovelier home could gentle fancy chuse?

is this the stream, whose cities, heights, and plains,

war’s favorite play-ground, are with crimson stains

familiar, as the morn with pearly dews?

the morn, that now along the silver meuse

5

spreading her peaceful ensigns, calls the swains

to tend their silent boats and ringing wains,

or strip the bough whose mellow fruit bestrews

the ripening corn beneath it. as mine eyes

turn from the fortified and threatening hill,

10

how sweet the prospect of yon watery glade,

with its grey rocks, clustering in pensive shade,

that, shaped like old monastic turrets, rise

from the smooth meadow-ground, serene and still!

430 the poems of william wordsworth

sonnet

aix-la-chapelle

was it to disenchant, and to undo,

that we approached the seat of charlemaine?

to sweep from many an old romantic strain

that faith which no devotion may renew!

why does this puny church present to view

5

its feeble columns? and that scanty chair!

this sword that one of our weak times might wear;

objects of false pretence, or meanly true!

if from a traveller’s fortune i might claim

a palpable memorial of that day,

10

then would i seek the pyrenean breach

which roland clove with huge two-handed sway,

and to the enormous labor left his name,

where unremitting frosts the rocky crescent bleach.

sonnet

in the cathedral at cologne

o for the help of angels to complete

this temple—angels governed by a plan

how gloriously pursued by daring man,

studious that he might not disdain the seat

who dwells in heaven! but that inspiring heat

5

hath failed; and now, ye powers! whose gorgeous wings

and splendid aspect yon emblazonings

but faintly picture, ’twere an office meet

for you, on these unfinished shafts to try

the midnight virtues of your harmony:—

10

this vast design might tempt you to repeat

  in his note ww refers to a work on the pyrenees by louis françois elisabeth ramond de

carbonnieres,  observations faites dans les pyrénéesm oiyr servur de suite à des obser-

vations sur les alpes, insérées dans une traduction des lettres de w. coxe, sur la suisse

(paris, 789):

“let a wall of rocks be imagined from three to six hundred feet in height, and rising

between france and spain, so as physically to separate the two kingdoms—let us fancy

this wall curved like a crescent with its convexity towards france. lastly, let us suppose,

that in the very middle of the wall a breach of 300 feet wide has been beaten down by the

famous roland, and we may have a good idea of what the mountaineers call the ‘breche

de roland.’ ”

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 431

charms that call forth upon empyreal ground

immortal fabrics—rising to the sound

of penetrating harps and voices sweet!

sonnet

author’s voyage down the rhine (thirty years ago)

the confidence of youth our only art,

and hope gay pilot of the bold design,

we saw the living landscapes of the rhine,

reach after reach, salute us and depart;

slow sink the spires,—and up again they start!

5

but who shall count the towers as they recline

o’er the dark steeps, or on the horizon line

striding, with shattered crests, the eye athwart?

more touching still, more perfect was the pleasure,

when hurrying forward till the slack’ning stream

10

spread like a spacious mere, we there could measure

a smooth free course along the watery gleam,

think calmly on the past, and mark at leisure

features which else had vanished like a dream.

sonnet

in a carriage, upon the banks of the rhine

amid this dance of objects sadness steals

o’er the defrauded heart—while sweeping by,

as in a fit of thespian jollity,

beneath her vine-leaf crown the green earth reels:

backward, in rapid evanescence, wheels

5

the venerable pageantry of time,

each beetling rampart—and each tower sublime,

and what the dell unwillingly reveals

of lurking cloistral arch, through trees espied

near the bright river’s edge. yet why repine?

10

pedestrian liberty shall yet be mine

to muse, to creep, to halt at will, to gaze:

1 “ ‘from st. goar to bingen—castles commanding innumerable small fortified villages—

nothing  could  exceed  the  delightful  variety;  but  the  postilions,  who  were  intoxicated, whisked  us  far  too  fast  through  those  beautiful  scenes.’—extract  from  journal.”  ww

quotes from mary wordsworth’s entry for july 24, 820, in her journal.

432 the poems of william wordsworth

freedom which youth with copious hand supplied,

may in fit measure bless my later days.

hymn

for the boatmen, as they approach the rapids,

under the castle of heidelberg

jesu! bless our slender boat,

by the current swept along;

loud its threatenings—let them not

drown the music of a song

breathed thy mercy to implore,

5

where these troubled waters roar!

lord and saviour! who art seen

bleeding on that precious rood;

if, while through the meadows green

gently wound the peaceful flood,

10

we forgot thee, do not thou

disregard thy suppliants now!

hither, like yon ancient tower

watching o’er the river’s bed,

fling the shadow of thy power,

15

else we sleep among the dead;

traveller on the billowy sea,

shield us in our jeopardy!

guide our bark among the waves;

through the rocks our passage smooth;

20

where the whirlpool frets and raves

let thy love its anger soothe;

all our hope is placed in thee;

miserere domine!

  “see the beautiful song in mr. coleridge’s tragedy “the remorse.” why is the harp of

quantock silent?” ww.

  coleridge, the “harp of quantock,” used this refrain (“lord have mercy!”) in the song in

iii.i.68–6 of his play  remorse (83).

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 433

sonnet

local recollection on the heights near hockheim

abruptly paused the strife;—the field throughout

resting upon his arms each warrior stood,

checked in the very act and deed of blood,

with breath suspended—like a listening scout.

o silence! thou wert mother of a shout

5

that thro’ the texture of yon azure dome

clove its glad way—a cry of harvest home

uttered to heaven in ecstasy devout!

the barrier rhine hath flashed, thro’ battle-smoke,

on men who gazed heart-smitten by the view,

10

as if all germany had felt the shock.

fly, wretched gauls! ere they the charge renew

who have seen (themselves delivered from the yoke)

the unconquerable stream his course pursue.

sonnet

the source of the danube

not (like his great compeers) indignantly

doth danube spring to life! the wandering stream

(who loves the cross, yet to the crescent’s gleam

unfolds a willing breast) with infant glee

slips from his prison walls: and fancy, free

5

to follow in his track of silver light,

reaches, with one brief moment’s rapid flight,

the vast encincture of that gloomy sea

whose rough winds orpheus soothed; whose waves did greet

so skilfully that they forgot their jars—

10

to waft the heroic progeny of greece,

when the first ship sailed for the golden fleece;

argo exalted by that daring feat

to a conspicuous height among the stars!

  “the event is thus recorded in the journals of the day: ‘when the austrians took hockheim,

in one part of the engagement they got to the brow of the hill, whence they had their first

view of the rhine. they instantly halted—not a gun was fired—not a voice heard: but they

stood gazing on the river with those feelings which the events of the last 5 years at once

called up. prince schwartzenberg rode up to know the cause of this sudden stop, they

then gave three cheers, rushed after the enemy, and drove them into the water.’ ” ww

2  “before this quarter of the black forest was inhabited, the source of the danube might

434 the poems of william wordsworth

sonnet

the jung-frau—and the rhine at shauffhausen

the virgin mountain, wearing like a queen

a brilliant crown of everlasting snow,

sheds ruin from her sides; and men below

wonder that aught of aspect so serene

can link with desolation.—smooth and green

5

and seeming, at a little distance, slow

the waters of the rhine; but on they go

fretting and whitening, keener and more keen

till madness seizes on the whole wide flood

turned to a fearful thing, whose nostrils breathe

10

blasts of tempestuous smoke, with which he tries

to hide himself, but only magnifies:

and doth in more conspicuous torment writhe,

deafening the region in his “ireful mood.”

memorial,

near the outlet of the lake of thun

“dem andenken

meines freundes

aloys reding

mdcccxviii.”

around a wild and woody hill

a gravelled path-way treading,

we reached a votive stone that bears

the name of aloys reding.

have suggested some of those sublime images which armstrong has so finely described;

at present the contrast is most striking. the spring appears in a capacious stone basin

upon the front of a ducal palace, with a pleasure-ground opposite; then, passing under the

pavement, takes the form of a little, clear, bright, black, vigorous rill, barely wide enough to tempt the agility of a child five years old to leap over it,—and, entering the garden, it joins, after a course of a few hundred yards, a stream much more considerable than itself. the

copiousness of the spring at doneschingen must have procured for it the honour of being

named the source of the danube.” ww

1 “this sonnet belongs to another publication, but from its fitness for this place is inserted here also. ‘voilà un enfer d’eau,’ cried out a german friend of ramond, falling on his

knees on the scaffold in front of this waterfall. see ramond’s translation of coxe.” ww

refers to ramond’s  lettres de m. william coxe á m. w. melmoth . . . (2 vols.; 3d ed., paris,

787), i, 6.

2  “aloys reding, it will be remembered, was captain-general of the swiss forces, which with

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 435

well judged the friend who placed it there

5

for silence and protection,

and haply with a finer care

of dutiful affection.

the sun regards it from the west,

sinking in summer glory;

10

and, while he sinks, affords a type

of that pathetic story.

and oft he tempts the patriot swiss

amid the grove to linger;

till all is dim, save this bright stone

15

touched by his golden finger.

sonnet

on approaching the staub-bach, lauterbrunnen

tracks let me follow far from human-kind

which these illusive greetings may not reach;

where only nature tunes her voice to teach

careless pursuits, and raptures unconfined.

no mermaid warbles (to allay the wind

5

that drives some vessel tow’rds a dangerous beach)

more thrilling melodies! no caverned witch

chaunting a love-spell, ever intertwined

notes shrill and wild with art more musical!

alas! that from the lips of abject want

10

and idleness in tatters mendicant

they should proceed—enjoyment to enthral,

and with regret and useless pity haunt

this bold, this pure, this sky-born waterfall!

a courage and perseverance worthy of the cause, opposed the flagitious, and too suc-

cessful, attempt of buonaparte to subjugate their country.” ww

  “ ‘the staub-bach’ is a narrow stream, which, after a long course on the heights, comes to

a sharp edge of a somewhat overhanging precipice, overleaps it with a bound, and, after

a fall of 930 feet, forms again a rivulet. the vocal powers of these musical beggars may

seem to be exaggerated; but this wild and savage air was utterly unlike any sounds i had

ever heard: the notes reached me from a distance, and on what occasion they were sung i

could not guess, only they seemed to belong, in some way or other, to the waterfall—and

reminded me of religious services chaunted to streams and fountains in pagan times.”

ww

436 the poems of william wordsworth

sonnet

the fall of the aar—handec

from the fierce aspect of this river throwing

his giant body o’er the steep rock’s brink,

back in astonishment and fear we shrink:

but, gradually a calmer look bestowing,

flowers we espy beside the torrent growing;

5

flowers that peep forth from many a cleft and chink,

and, from the whirlwind of his anger, drink

hues ever fresh, in rocky fortress blowing:

they suck, from breath that threatening to destroy

is more benignant than the dewy eve,

10

beauty, and life, and motions as of joy:

nor doubt but he to whom yon pine-trees nod

their heads in sign of worship, nature’s god,

these humbler adorations will receive.

scene

on the lake of brientz

“what know we of the blest above

but that they sing and that they love?”

yet, if they ever did inspire

a mortal hymn, or shaped the choir,

now, where those harvest damsels float

5

homeward in their rugged boat,

(while all the ruffling winds are fled,

each slumbering on some mountain’s head,)

now, surely, hath that gracious aid

been felt, that influence is displayed.

10

pupils of heaven, in order stand

the rustic maidens, every hand

upon a sister’s shoulder laid,—

to chaunt, as glides the boat along,

a simple, but a touching song;

15

to chaunt, as angels do above,

the melodies of peace in love!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 437

engelberg

for gentlest uses, oft-times nature takes

the work of fancy from her willing hands;

and even such beautiful creation makes

as renders needless spells and magic wands,

and for the boldest tale belief commands.

5

when first my eyes beheld that famous hill

the sacred engelberg, celestial bands,

with intermingling motions soft and still,

hung round its top, on wings that changed their hues at will.

clouds do not name those visitants; they were

10

the very angels whose authentic lays,

sung from that heavenly ground in middle air,

made known the spot where piety should raise

a holy structure to the almighty’s praise.

resplendent apparition! if in vain

15

my ears did listen, ’twas enough to gaze;

and watch the slow departure of the train,

whose skirts the glowing mountain thirsted to detain!

our lady of the snow

meek virgin mother, more benign

than fairest star upon the height

of thy own mountain set to keep

lone vigils thro’ the hours of sleep,

what eye can look upon thy shrine

5

untroubled at the sight?

these crowded offerings as they hang

in sign of misery relieved,

even these, without intent of theirs,

report of comfortless despairs,

10

of many a deep and cureless pang

and confidence deceived.

  “ ‘engelberg,’ the hill of angels, as the name implies. the convent whose site was pointed

out, according to tradition, in this manner, is seated at its base. the architecture of the

building is unimpressive, but the situation is worthy of the honour which the imagination of

the mountaineers has conferred upon it.” ww

2  “mount righi.” ww

438 the poems of william wordsworth

to thee, in this aërial cleft,

as to a common centre, tend

all sufferings that no longer rest

15

on mortal succour, all distrest

that pine of human hope bereft,

nor wish for earthly friend.

and hence, o virgin mother mild!

tho’ plenteous flowers around thee blow,

20

not only from the dreary strife

of winter, but the storms of life,

thee have thy votaries aptly styled

“our lady of the snow.”

even for the man who stops not here,

25

but down the irriguous valley hies,

thy very name, o lady! flings,

o’er blooming fields and gushing springs,

a holy shadow soft and dear

of chastening sympathies!

30

nor falls that intermingling shade

to summer gladsomeness unkind,

it chastens only to requite

with gleams of fresher, purer, light;

while, o’er the flower-enamelled glade,

35

more sweetly breathes the wind.

but on!—a tempting downward way,

a verdant path before us lies;

clear shines the glorious sun above;

then give free course to joy and love,

40

deeming the evil of the day

sufficient for the wise.

sonnet

the town of schwytz

by antique fancy trimmed—tho’ lowly, bred

to dignity—in thee o schwytz! are seen

the genuine features of the golden mean;

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 439

equality by prudence governed,

or jealous nature ruling in her stead;

5

and, therefore, art thou blest with peace, serene

as that of the sweet fields and meadows green

in unambitious compass round thee spread!

majestic berne, high on her guardian steep,

holding a central station of command,

10

might well by styled this noble body’s head;

thou, lodg’d ’mid mountainous entrenchments deep,

its heart; and ever may the heroic land

thy name, o schwytz, in happy freedom keep!

sonnet

on hearing the “ranz des vaches” on the top

of the pass of st. gothard

i listen—but no faculty of mine

avails those modulations to detect,

which, heard in foreign lands, the swiss affect

with tenderest passion; leaving him to pine

(so fame reports) and die; his sweet-breath’d kine

5

remembering, and green alpine pastures deck’d

with vernal flowers. yet may we not reject

the tale as fabulous.—here while i recline

mindful how others love this simple strain,

even here, upon this glorious mountain (named

10

of god himself from dread pre-eminence)

aspiring thoughts by memory are reclaimed;

and, thro’ the music’s touching influence,

the joys of distant home my heart enchain.

the church of san salvador, seen from the lake of lugano

thou sacred pile! whose turrets rise,

from yon steep mountain’s loftiest stage,

guarded by lone san salvador;

  “ ‘nearly 500 years (says ebel, speaking of the french invasion,) had elapsed, when, for

the first time, foreign soldiers were seen upon the frontiers of this small canton, to impose

upon it the laws of their governors.’ ” ww cites johann gottfried ebel,  the traveller’s

guide through switzerland (london, 820)

2  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

440 the poems of william wordsworth

sink (if thou must) as heretofore,

to sulphurous bolts a sacrifice,

5

but ne’er to human rage!

on horeb’s top, on sinai, deigned

to rest the universal lord:

why leap the fountains from their cells

where everlasting bounty dwells?

10

that, while the creature is sustained,

his god may be adored.

cliffs, fountains, rivers, seasons, times,

let all remind the soul of heaven;

our slack devotion needs them all;

15

and faith, so oft of sense the thrall,

while she, by aid of nature, climbs,

may hope to be forgiven.

i love, where spreads the village lawn,

upon some knee-worn cell to gaze;

20

hail to the firm unmoving cross,

aloft, where pines their branches toss!

and to the chapel far withdrawn,

that lurks by lonely ways!

short-sighted children of the dust

25

we live and move in sorrow’s power;

extinguish that unblest disdain

that scorns the altar, mocks the fane,

where patient sufferers bend—in trust

to win a happier hour.

30

glory, and patriotic love,

and all the pomps of this frail “spot

which men call earth,” have yearned to seek,

associate with the simply meek,

religion in the sainted grove,

35

and in the hallowed grot.

thither, in time of adverse shocks,

of fainting hopes and backward wills,

did mighty tell repair of old—

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 441

a hero cast in nature’s mould,

40

deliverer of the steadfast rocks

and of the ancient hills!

he, too, of battle-martyrs chief!

who, to recal his daunted peers,

for victory shaped an open space,

45

by gathering with a wide embrace,

into his single heart, a sheaf

of fatal austrian spears.

ye alps, in many a rugged link

far-stretched, and thou, majestic po,

50

dimly from yon tall mount descried,

where’er i wander be my guide,

sweet charity!—that bids us think,

and feel, if we would know!

fort fuentes—at the head of the lake of como

dread hour! when upheaved by war’s sulphurous blast,

this sweet-visaged cherub of parian stone

so far from the holy enclosure was cast,

to couch in this thicket of brambles alone;

to rest where the lizard may bask in the palm

5

of his half-open hand pure from blemish or speck;

and the green, gilded snake, without troubling the calm

of the beautiful countenance, twine round his neck.

where haply (kind service to piety due!)

when winter the grove of its mantle bereaves,

10

some bird (like our own honoured redbreast) may strew

the desolate slumberer with moss and with leaves.

fuentes once harboured the good and the brave,

nor to her was the dance of soft pleasure unknown;

her banners for festal enjoyment did wave

15

while the thrill of her fifes thro’ the mountains was blown:

now gads the wild vine o’er the pathless ascent—

  “ arnold winkelried, at the battle of sempach, broke an austrian phalanx in this manner.

the event is one of the most famous in the annals of swiss heroism; and pictures and

prints of it are frequent throughout the country.” ww

442 the poems of william wordsworth

o silence of nature, how deep is thy sway

when the whirlwind of human destruction is spent,

our tumults appeased, and our strifes passed away!—

20

the italian itinerant, and the swiss goatherd

part i

1

now that the farewell tear is dried,

heaven prosper thee, be hope thy guide!

hope be thy guide, adventurous boy;

the wages of thy travel, joy!

whether for london bound—to trill

5

thy mountain notes with simple skill;

or on thy head to poise a show

of plaster-craft in seemly row;

the graceful form of milk-white steed,

or bird that soared with ganymede;

10

or thro’ our hamlets thou wilt bear

the sightless milton, with his hair

around his placid temples curled;

and shakespear at his side—a freight,

if clay could think and mind were weight,

15

for him who bore the world!

hope be thy guide, adventurous boy;

the wages of thy travel, joy!

2

but thou, perhaps, (alert and free

tho’ serving sage philosophy)

20

wilt ramble over hill and dale,

a vender of the well-wrought scale

whose sentient tube instructs to time

a purpose to a fickle clime:

whether thou chuse this useful part,

25

or minister to finer art,

tho’ robbed of many a cherish’d dream,

and crossed by many a shatter’d scheme,

what stirring wonders wilt thou see

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 443

in the proud isle of liberty!

30

yet will the wanderer sometimes pine

with thoughts which no delights can chase,

recal a sister’s last embrace,

his mother’s neck entwine;

nor shall forget the maiden coy

35

that would have lov’d the bright-hair’d boy!

3

my song, encouraged by the grace

that beams from his ingenuous face,

for this adventurer scruples not

to prophesy a golden lot;

40

due recompence, and safe return

to como’s steeps—his happy bourne!

where he, aloft in garden glade,

shall tend, with his own dark-eyed maid,

the towering maize, and prop the twig

45

that ill supports the luscious fig;

or feed his eye in paths sun-proof

with purple of the trellis-roof,

that thro’ the jealous leaves escapes

from cadenabbia’s pendant grapes.

50

—oh might he tempt that goatherd-child

to share his wanderings! he whose look

even yet my heart can scarcely brook,

so touchingly he smiled,

as with a rapture caught from heaven,

55

when pity’s unasked alms were given.

part ii

1

with nodding plumes, and lightly drest

like foresters in leaf-green vest,

the helvetian mountaineers, on ground

for tell’s dread archery renowned,

60

before the target stood—to claim

the guerdon of the steadiest aim.

loud was the rifle-gun’s report,

444 the poems of william wordsworth

a startling thunder quick and short!

but, flying thro’ the heights around,

65

echo prolonged a tell-tale sound

of hearts and hands alike “prepared

the treasures they enjoy to guard!”

and, if there be a favoured hour

when heroes are allowed to quit

70

the tomb, and on the clouds to sit

with tutelary power,

on their descendants shedding grace,

this was the hour, and that the place.

2

but truth inspired the bards of old

75

when of an iron age they told,

which to unequal laws gave birth,

that drove astræa from the earth.

—a gentle boy—(perchance with blood

as noble as the best endued,

80

but seemingly a thing despised;

even by the sun and air unprized;

for not a tinge or flowery streak

appeared upon his tender cheek,)

heart-deaf to those rebounding notes

85

of pleasure, by his silent goats—

sate far apart in forest shed,

pale, ragged, bare his feet and head,

mute as the snow upon the hill,

and, as the saint he prays to, still.

90

ah, what avails heroic deed?

what liberty? if no defence

be won for feeble innocence—

father of all! if willful man must read

his punishment in soul-distress,

95

grant to the morn of life its natural blessedness!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 445

sonnet

the last supper, by leonardo da vinci, in the refectory

of the convent of maria della grazia—milan

tho’ searching damps and many an envious flaw

have marr’d this work, the calm etherial grace,

the love deep-seated in the saviour’s face,

the mercy, goodness, have not failed to awe

the elements; as they do melt and thaw

5

the heart of the beholder—and erase

(at least for one rapt moment) every trace

of disobedience to the primal law.

the annunciation of the dreadful truth

made to the twelve, survives; the brow, the cheek,

10

and hand reposing on the board in ruth

of what it utters, while the unguilty seek

unquestionable meanings, still bespeak

a labour worthy of eternal youth!

the eclipse of the sun, 1820

high on her speculative tower

stood science waiting for the hour

when sol was destined to endure

that darkening of his radiant face

which superstition strove to chase,

5

erewhile, with rites impure.

afloat beneath italian skies,

thro’ regions fair as paradise

we gaily passed,—till nature wrought

a silent and unlooked-for change,

10

that checked the desultory range

of joy and sprightly thought.

  “this picture of the last supper has not only been grievously injured by time, but parts

are said to have been painted over again. these niceties may be left to connoisseurs,—i

speak of it as i felt. the copy exhibited in london some years ago, and the engraving by

morghen, are both admirable; but in the original is a power which neither of those works

has attained, or even approached.” ww

2  “ ‘the  hand  /  sang  with  the  voice,  and  this  the  argument.’  milton.”  ww  quotes  from paradise regain’d, i, ll. 7, 72.

446 the poems of william wordsworth

where’er was dipped the toiling oar

the waves danced round us as before,

as lightly, tho’ of altered hue;

15

’mid recent coolness, such as falls

at noon-tide from umbrageous walls

that screen the morning dew.

no vapour stretched its wings; no cloud

cast far or near a murky shroud;

20

the sky an azure field displayed;

’twas sun-light sheathed and gently charmed,

of all its sparkling rays disarmed,

and as in slumber laid:—

or something night and day between,

25

like moon-shine—but the hue was green;

still moon-shine, without shadow, spread

on jutting rock, and curved shore,

where gazed the peasant from his door,

and on the mountain’s head.

30

it tinged the julian steeps—it lay

upon lugano’s ample bay;

the solemnizing veil was drawn

o’er villas, terraces, and towers,

to albogasio’s olive bowers,

35

porlezza’s verdant lawn.

but fancy, with the speed of fire,

hath fled to milan’s loftiest spire,

and there alights ’mid that aërial host

of figures human and divine,

40

white as the snows of apennine

indùrated by frost.

awe-stricken she beholds the array

that guards the temple night and day;

angels she sees that might from heaven have flown;

45

and virgin saints—who not in vain

have striven by purity to gain

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 447

the beatific crown;

far-stretching files, concentric rings

each narrowing above each;—the wings—

50

the uplifted palms, the silent marble lips,

the starry zone of sovereign height,

all steeped in this portentous light!

all suffering dim eclipse!

thus after man had fallen, (if aught

55

these perishable spheres have wrought

may with that issue be compared)

throngs of celestial visages,

darkening like water in the breeze,

a holy sadness shared.

60

see! while i speak, the labouring sun

his glad deliverance has begun:

the cypress waves its sombre plume

more cheerily; and town and tower,

the vineyard and the olive bower,

65

their lustre re-assume!

oh ye, who guard and grace my home

while in far-distant lands we roam,

enquiring thoughts are turned to you;

does a clear ether meet your eyes?

70

or have black vapours hid the skies

and mountains from your view?

i ask in vain—and know far less

if sickness, sorrow, or distress

have spared my dwelling to this hour:

75

sad blindness! but ordained to prove

our faith in heaven’s unfailing love

and all-controlling power.

the three cottage girls

1

how blest the maid whose heart—yet free

448 the poems of william wordsworth

from love’s uneasy sovereignty,

beats with a fancy running high

her simple cares to magnify;

whom labour, never urged to toil,

5

hath cherished on a healthful soil;

who knows not pomp, who heeds not pelf;

whose heaviest sin it is to look

askance upon her pretty self

reflected in some crystal brook;

10

whom grief hath spared—who sheds no tear

but in sweet pity; and can hear

another’s praise from envy clear.

2

such, (but o lavish nature! why

that dark unfathomable eye,

15

where lurks a spirit that replies

to stillest mood of softest skies,

yet hints at peace to be o’erthrown,

another’s—first, and then her own?)

such, haply, yon italian maid,

20

our lady’s laggard votaress,

halting beneath the chesnut shade

to accomplish there her loveliness:

nice aid maternal fingers lend;

a sister serves with slacker hand;

25

then, glittering like a star, she joins the festal band.

3

how blest (if truth may entertain

coy fancy with a bolder strain)

the helvetian girl—who daily braves,

in her light skiff, the tossing waves,

30

and quits the bosom of the deep

only to climb the rugged steep!

—say whence that modulated shout?

from wood-nymph of diana’s throng?

or does the greeting to a rout

35

of giddy bacchanals belong?

jubilant outcry!—rock and glade

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 449

resounded—but the voice obeyed

the breath of an helvetian maid.

4

her beauty dazzles the thick wood;

40

her courage animates the flood;

her step the elastic green-sward meets

returning unreluctant sweets;

the mountains (as ye heard) rejoice

aloud, saluted by her voice!

45

blithe paragon of alpine grace,

be as thou art—for through thy veins

the blood of heroes runs its race!

and nobly wilt thou brook the chains

that, for the virtuous, life prepares;

50

the fetters which the matron wears;

the patriot mother’s weight of anxious cares!

5

“sweet highland girl! a very shower

of beauty was thy earthly dower,”

when thou didst pass before my eyes,

55

gay vision under sullen skies,

while hope and love around thee played

near the rough falls of inversneyd!

time cannot thin thy flowing hair,

nor take one ray of light from thee;

60

for in my fancy thou dost share

the gift of immortality;

and there shall bloom, with thee allied,

the votaress by lugano’s side;

and that intrepid nymph, on uri’s steep, descried!

65

sonnet

the column intended by buonaparte for a triumphal edifice in milan, now

lying by the way-side on the semplon pass

ambition, following down this far-famed slope

  ww’s note cites his earlier poem to a highland girl, from which these two lines are quoted (see vol.  of this edition).

450 the poems of william wordsworth

her pioneer, the snow-dissolving sun,

while clarions prate of kingdoms to be won,

perchance, in future ages, here may stop;

taught to mistrust her flattering horoscope

5

by admonition from this prostrate stone;

memento uninscribed of pride o’erthrown,

vanity’s hieroglyphic;—a choice trope

in fortune’s rhetoric. daughter of the rock,

rest where thy course was stayed by power divine!

10

the soul transported sees, from hint of thine,

crimes which the great avenger’s hand provoke,

hears combats whistling o’er the ensanguin’d heath:

what groans! what shrieks! what quietness in death!

stanzas

composed in the semplon pass

vallombrosa! i longed in thy shadiest wood

to slumber, reclined on the moss-covered floor,

to listen to anio’s precipitous flood,

when the stillness of evening hath softened its roar;

to range thro’ the temples of pæstum, to muse

5

in pompeii, preserved by her burial in earth,

on pictures to gaze, where they drank in their hues;

and murmur sweet songs on the ground of their birth!

the beauty of florence, the grandeur of rome,

could i leave them unseen and not yield to regret?

10

with a hope (and no more) for a season to come,

which ne’er may discharge the magnificent debt?

thou fortunate region! whose greatness inurned,

awoke to new life from its ashes and dust;

twice-glorified field! if in sadness i turned

15

from your infinite marvels, the sadness was just.

now, risen ere the light-footed chamois retires

from dew-sprinkled grass to heights guarded with snow,

tow’rd the mists that hang over the land of my sires,

from the climate of myrtles contented i go.

20

my thoughts become bright, like yon edging of pine,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 451

black fringe to a precipice lofty and bare,

which, as from behind the sun strikes it, doth shine,

with threads that seem part of his own silver hair.

tho’ the burthen of toil with dear friends we divide,

25

tho’ by the same zephyr our temples are fann’d,

as we rest in the cool orange-bower side by side,

a yearning survives which few hearts shall withstand:

each step hath its value while homeward we move;—

o joy when the girdle of england appears!

30

what moment in life is so conscious of love,

so rich in the tenderest sweetness of tears?

sonnet

echo, upon the gemmi

what beast of chase hath broken from the cover?

stern gemmi listens to as full a cry,

as multitudinous a harmony,

as e’er did ring the heights of latmos over,

when, from the soft couch of her sleeping lover,

5

up-starting, cynthia skimmed the mountain-dew

in keen pursuit—and gave, where’er she flew,

impetuous motion to the stars above her.

a solitary wolf-dog, ranging on

thro’ the bleak concave, wakes this wondrous chime

10

of aëry voices locked in unison,—

faints—far off—near—deep—solemn and sublime!

so, from the body of a single deed,

a thousand ghostly fears, and haunting thoughts, proceed!

processions

suggested on a sabbath morning in the vale of chamouny

to appease the gods; or public thanks to yield;

or to solicit knowledge of events,

which in her breast futurity concealed;

and that the past might have its true intents

feelingly told by living monuments;

5

mankind of yore were prompted to devise

452 the poems of william wordsworth

rites such as yet persepolis presents

graven on her cankered walls,—solemnities

that moved in long array before admiring eyes.

the hebrews, thus, carrying in joyful state

10

thick boughs of palm, and willows from the brook,

marched around the altar—to commemorate

how, when their course they thro’ the desart took,

guided by signs which ne’er the sky forsook,

they lodged in leafy tents and cabins low;

15

green boughs were borne, while for the blast that shook

down to the earth the walls of jericho,

they uttered loud hosannas,—let the trumpets blow!

and thus, in order, ’mid the sacred grove

fed in the libyan waste by gushing wells,

20

the priests and damsels of ammonian jove

provoked responses with shrill canticles;

while, in a ship begirt with silver bells,

they round his altar bore the horned god,

old cham, the solar deity, who dwells

25

aloft, yet in a tilting vessel rode,

when universal sea the mountains overflowed.

why speak of roman pomps? the haughty claims

of chiefs triumphant after ruthless wars;

the feast of neptune—and the cereal games,

30

with images, and crowns, and empty cars;

the dancing salii—on the shields of mars

striking with fury; and the deeper dread

scattered on all sides by the hideous jars

of corybantian cymbals, while the head

35

of cybele was seen, sublimely turreted!

at length a spirit more subdued and soft

appeared, to govern christian pageantries:

the cross, in calm procession, borne aloft

moved to the chaunt of sober litanies.

40

even such, this day, came wafted on the breeze

from a long train—in hooded vestments fair

enwrapt—and winding, between alpine trees

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 453

spiry and dark, around their house of prayer

below the icy bed of bright argentiere.

45

but o the fairest pageant of a dream

did never equal that which met our eyes!

the glacier pillars with the living stream

of white-robed shapes, seemed linked in solemn guise,

for the same service, by mysterious ties;

50

numbers exceeding credible account

of number, stood like spotless votaries

prepared to issue from a wintry fount;

the impenetrable heart of that exalted mount!

they, too, who sent so far a holy gleam

55

while they the church engirt with motion slow,

a product of that awful mount did seem,

poured from his vaults of everlasting snow;

not virgin-lilies marshalled in bright row,

not swans descending with the stealthy tide,

60

a livelier sisterly resemblance show

than the fair forms, that on the turf did glide,

to that unmoving band—the shapes aloft descried!

trembling, i look upon the secret springs

of that licentious craving in the mind

65

to act the god among external things,

to bind, on apt suggestion, and unbind;

and marvel not that antique faith inclined

to crowd the world with metamorphosis,

vouchsafed in pity or in wrath assigned:

70

such insolent temptations wouldst thou miss,

avoid these sights; nor brood o’er fable’s dark abyss!

  “this  procession  is  a  part  of  the  sacramental  service  performed  once  a  month.  in  the valley of engelberg we had the good fortune to be present at the grand festival of the

virgin—but the procession on that day, though consisting of upwards of 000 persons,

assembled from all the branches of the sequestered valley, was much less striking (nor-

withstanding the sublimity of the surrounding scenery): it wanted both the simplicity of the

other and the accompaniment of the glacier-columns, whose sisterly resemblance to the

moving figures gave it a most beautiful and solemn peculiarity.” ww

454 the poems of william wordsworth

elegiac stanzas

on arriving at lausanne, we heard of the fate of the young american, whose

death is here lamented. he had been our companion for three days; and we

separated upon mount righi with mutual hope of meeting again in the course

of our tour. goldau, mentioned towards the conclusion of this piece, is a

village at the foot of mount righi, one of those overwhelmed by a mass

which fell from the side of the mountain rossberg, a few years ago.

lulled by the sound of pastoral bells,

rude nature’s pilgrims did we go,

from the dread summit of the queen

of mountains, through a deep ravine,

where, in her holy chapel, dwells

5

“our lady of the snow.”

the sky was blue, the aid was mild;

free were the streams and green the bowers;

as if, to rough assaults unknown,

the genial spot had ever shown

10

a countenance that sweetly smiled,

the face of summer-hours.

and we were gay, our hearts at ease,

with pleasure dancing through the frame;

all that we knew of lively care,

15

our path that straggled here and there,

of trouble—but the fluttering breeze,

of winter—but a name.

—if foresight could have rent the veil

of three short days—but hush—no more!

20

calm is the grave, and calmer none

than that to which thy cares are gone,

thou victim of the stormy gale,

asleep on zurich’s shore!

oh goddard! what art thou?—a name—

25

a sunbeam followed by a shade!

nor more, for aught that time supplies,

the great, the experienced, and the wise;

too much from this frail earth we claim,

and therefore are betrayed.

30

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 455

we met, while festive mirth ran wild,

where, from a deep lake’s mighty urn,

forth slips, like an enfranchised slave,

a sea-green river, proud to lave,

with current swift and undefiled,

35

the towers of old lucerne.

we parted upon solemn ground

far-lifted tow’rds the unfading sky;

but all our thoughts were then of earth

that gives to common pleasures birth;

40

and nothing in our hearts we found

that prompted even a sigh.

fetch, sympathizing powers of air,

fetch, ye that post o’er seas and lands,

herbs moistened by virginian dew,

45

a most untimely sod to strew,

that lacks the ornamental care

of kindred human hands!

beloved by every gentle muse

he left his trans-atlantic home:

50

europe, a realized romance,

had opened on his eager glance;

what present bliss!—what golden views!

what stores for years to come!

though lodged within no vigorous frame,

55

his soul her daily tasks renewed,

blithe as the lark on sun-gilt wings

high poised—or as the wren that sings

in shady places, to proclaim

her modest gratitude.

60

not vain is sadly-uttered praise;

the words of truth’s memorial vow

are sweet as morning fragrance shed

from flowers ’mid goldau’s ruins bred;

sweet as eve’s fondly-lingering rays,

65

on righi’s silent brow.

456 the poems of william wordsworth

and, when thy mother weeps for thee,

lost youth! a solitary mother;

this tribute from a casual friend

a not unwelcome aid may lend,

70

to feed the tender luxury,

the rising pang to smother.

sonnet

sky-prospect—from the plain of france

lo! in the burning west, the craggy nape

of a proud ararat! and, thereupon,

the ark, her melancholy voyage done!

yon rampant cloud mimics a lion’s shape;

there, combats a huge crocodile—agape

5

a golden spear to swallow! and that brown

and massy grove, so near yon blazing town,

stirs—and recedes—destruction to escape!

yet all is harmless as the elysian shades

where spirits dwell in undisturb’d repose,

10

silently disappears, or quickly fades;—

meek nature’s evening comment on the shows

that for oblivion take their daily birth,

from all the fuming vanities of earth!

sonnet

on being stranded near the harbour of boulogne

why cast ye back upon the gallic shore,

ye furious waves! a patriotic son

of england—who in hope her coast had won,

his project crowned, his pleasant travel o’er?

well—let him pace this noted beach once more,

5

that gave the roman his triumphal shells;

that saw the corsican his cap and bells

haughtily shake—a dreaming conqueror!

enough; my country’s cliffs i can behold,

and proudly think, beside the murmuring sea,

10

of checked ambition—tyranny controuled,

and folly cursed with endless memory:

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 457

these local recollections ne’er can cloy;

such ground i from my very heart enjoy!

sonnet

after landing—the valley of dover

nov. 1820

where be the noisy followers of the game

which faction breeds? the turmoil where? that past

thro’ europe, echoing from the newsman’s blast,

and filled our hearts with grief for england’s shame.

peace greets us;—rambling on without an aim

5

we mark majestic herds of cattle free

to ruminate—couched on the grassy lea,

and hear far-off the mellow horn proclaim

the season’s harmless pastime. ruder sound

stirs not; enwrapt i gaze—with strange delight,

10

while consciousnesses, not to be disowned,

here only serve a feeling to invite

that lifts the spirit to a calmer height,

and makes the rural stillness more profound.

to enterprize

keep for the young the empassioned smile

shed from thy countenance, as i see thee stand

high on a chalky cliff of britain’s isle,

a slender volume grasping in thy hand—

(perchance the pages that relate

5

the various turns of crusoe’s fate)

ah, spare the exulting smile,

and drop thy pointing finger bright

as the first flash of beacon-light;

but neither veil thy head in shadows dim,

10

nor turn thy face away

from one who, in the evening of his day,

to thee would offer no presumptuous hymn!

  “this is a most grateful sight for an englishman returning to his native land. every where

one misses, in the cultivated scenery abroad, the animating and soothing accompaniment

of animals ranging and selecting their own food at will.” ww

2  “ ‘the italian itinerant,’ andc. . . . led to the train of thought which produced the annexed piece.” ww refers to  the italian itinerant, and the swiss goatherd, above.

458 the poems of william wordsworth

i

bold spirit! who art free to rove

among the starry courts of jove,

15

and oft in splendour dost appear

embodied to poetic eyes,

while traversing this nether sphere,

where mortals call thee enterprize.

daughter of hope! her favourite child,

20

whom she to young ambition bore,

when hunter’s arrow first defiled

the grove, and stained the turf with gore;

thee winged fancy took, and nursed

on broad euphrates’ palmy shore,

25

or where the mightier waters burst

from caves of indian mountains hoar!

she wrapp’d thee in a panther’s skin;

and thou (if rightly i rehearse

what wondering shepherds told in verse)

30

from rocky fortress in mid air

(the food which pleased thee best to win)

didst oft the flame-eyed eagle scare

with infant shout,—as often sweep,

paired with the ostrich, o’er the plain;

35

and, tired with sport, wouldst sink asleep

upon the couchant lion’s mane!

with rolling years thy strength increased;

and, far beyond thy native east,

to thee, by varying titles known,

40

as variously thy power was shown,

did incense-bearing altars rise,

which caught the blaze of sacrifice,

from suppliants panting for the skies!

ii

what though this ancient earth be trod

45

no more by step of demi-god,

mounting from glorious deed to deed

as thou from clime to clime didst lead,

yet still, the bosom beating high,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 459

and the hushed farewell of an eye

50

where no procrastinating gaze

a last infirmity betrays,

prove that thy heaven-descended sway

shall ne’er submit to cold decay.

by thy divinity impelled,

55

the stripling seeks the tented field;

the aspiring virgin kneels; and, pale

with awe, receives the hallowed veil,

a soft and tender heroine

vowed to severer discipline;

60

enflamed by thee, the blooming boy

makes of the whistling shrouds a toy,

and of the ocean’s dismal breast

a play-ground and a couch of rest;

thou to his dangers dost enchain,

65

’mid the blank world of snow and ice,

the chamois-chaser—awed in vain

by chasm or dizzy precipice;

and hast thou not with triumph seen

how soaring mortals glide serene

70

from cloud to cloud, and brave the light

with bolder than icarian flight?

or, in their bells of crystal, dive

where winds and waters cease to strive,

for no unholy visitings,

75

among the monsters of the deep,

and all the sad and precious things

which there in ghastly silence sleep?

—within our fearless reach are placed

the secrets of the burning waste,—

80

egyptian tombs unlock their dead,

nile trembles at his fountain head;

thou speak’st—and lo! the polar seas

unbosom their last mysteries.

—but oh! what transports, what sublime reward,

85

won from the world of mind, dost thou prepare

for philosophic sage—or high-souled bard

who, for thy service trained in lonely woods,

460 the poems of william wordsworth

hath fed on pageants floating thro’ the air,

or calentured in depth of limpid floods;

90

nor grieves—tho’ doomed, thro’ silent night, to bear

the domination of his glorious themes,

or struggle in the net-work of thy dreams!

iii

dread minister of wrath!

who to their destined punishment dost urge

95

the pharaohs of the earth, the men of hardened heart!

not unassisted by the flattering stars,

thou strew’st temptation o’er the path

when they in pomp depart,

with trampling horses and refulgent cars—

100

soon to be swallowed by the briny surge;

or cast, for lingering death, on unknown strands;

or stifled under weight of desart sands—

an army now, and now a living hill

heaving with convulsive throes,—

105

it quivers—and is still;

or to forget their madness and their woes,

wrapt in a winding-sheet of spotless snows!

iv

back flows the willing current of my song:

if to provoke such doom the impious dare,

110

why should it daunt a blameless prayer?

—bold goddess! range our youth among;

nor let thy genuine impulse fail to beat

in hearts no longer young;

still may a veteran few have pride

115

in thoughts whose sternness makes them sweet;

in fixed resolves by reason justified;

that to their object cleave like sleet

whitening a pine-tree’s northern side,

while fields are naked far and wide.

120

                                                 “ ‘while the living hill

  heaved with convulsive throes and all was still.’—

dr. darwin, describing the destruction of the army of cambyses.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 461

v

but, if such homage thou disdain

as doth with mellowing years agree,

one rarely absent from thy train

more humble favours may obtain

for thy contented votary.

125

she, who incites the frolic lambs

in presence of their heedless dams,

and to the solitary fawn

vouchsafes her lessons—bounteous nymph

that wakes the breeze—the sparkling lymph

130

doth hurry to the lawn;

she, who inspires that strain of joyance holy

which the sweet bird, misnamed the melancholy,

pours forth in shady groves, shall plead for me;

and vernal mornings opening bright

135

with views of undefined delight,

and cheerful songs, and suns that shine

on busy days, with thankful nights, be mine.

vi

but thou, o goddess! in thy favourite isle

(freedom’s impregnable redoubt,

140

the wide earth’s store-house fenced about

with breakers roaring to the gales

that stretch a thousand thousand sails)

quicken the slothful, and exalt the vile!

thy impulse is the life of fame;

145

glad hope would almost cease to be

if torn from thy society;

and love, when worthiest of the name,

is proud to walk the earth with thee!

462 the poems of william wordsworth

[poems not included in series as first published]

desultory stanzas

upon receiving the preceding sheets from the press

i

is then the final page before me spread,

nor further outlet left to mind or heart?

presumptuous book! too forward to be read—

how can i give thee licence to depart?

one tribute more;—unbidden feelings start

5

forth from their coverts—slighted objects rise—

my spirit is the scene of such wild art

as on parnassus rules, when lightning flies,

visibly leading on the thunder’s harmonies.

ii

all that i saw returns upon my view,

10

all that i heard comes back upon my ear,

all that i felt this moment doth renew;

and where the foot with no unmanly fear

recoil’d—and wings alone could travel—there

i move at ease, and meet contending themes

15

that press upon me, crossing the career

of recollections vivid as the dreams

of midnight,—cities—plains—forests—and mighty streams!

iii

where mortal never breathed i dare to sit

among the interior alps, gigantic crew,

20

who triumphed o’er diluvian power!—and yet

what are they but a wreck and residue,

whose only business is to perish?—true

to which sad course, these wrinkled sons of time

labour their proper greatness to subdue;

25

speaking of death alone, beneath a clime

where life and rapture flow in plenitude sublime.

iv

fancy hath flung for me an airy bridge

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 463

across thy long deep valley, furious rhone!

arch that here rests upon the granite ridge

30

of monte rosa— there, on frailer stone

of secondary birth—the jung-frau’s cone;

and, from that arch down-looking on the vale,

the aspect i behold of every zone;

a sea of foliage tossing with the gale,

35

blithe autumn’s purple crown, and winter’s icy mail!

v

far as st. maurice, from yon eastern forks,

down the main avenue my sight can range:

and all its branchy vales, and all that lurks

within them, church, and town, and hut, and grange,

40

for my enjoyment meet in vision strange;

snows—torrents;—to the region’s utmost bound,

life, death, in amicable interchange—

but list! the avalanche—heart-striking sound!

tumult by prompt repose and awful silence crown’d!

45

vi

is not the chamois suited to his place?

the eagle worthy of her ancestry?

—let empires fall; but ne’er shall ye disgrace

your noble birthright, ye that occupy

your council-seats beneath the open sky,

50

on sarnen’s mount, there judge of fit and right,

in simple democratic majesty;

soft breezes fanning your rough brows—the might

and purity of nature spread before your sight!

  “les fourches, the point at which the two chains of mountains part, that enclose the valais, which terminates at st. maurice.” ww

2  “sarnen, one of the two capitals of the canton of underwalden; the spot here alluded to is

close to the town, and is called the landenberg, from the tyrant of that name, whose cha-

teau formerly stood there. on the st of jan. 308, the great day which the confederated

heroes had chosen for the deliverance of their country, all the castles of the governors

were  taken  by  force  or  stratagem;  and  the  tyrants  themselves  conducted,  with  their creatures, to the frontiers, after having witnessed the destruction of their strong-holds.

from that time the landenberg has been the place where the legislators of this division

of the canton assemble. the scite, which is well described by ebel, is one of the most

beautiful in switzerland.” ww

464 the poems of william wordsworth

vii

from this appropriate court, renown’d lucerne

55

leads me to pace her honoured bridge—that cheers

the patriot’s heart with pictures rude and stern,

an uncouth chronicle of glorious years.

like portraiture, from loftier source, endears

that work of kindred frame, which spans the lake

60

just at the point of issue, where it fears

the form and motion of a stream to take;

where it begins to stir, yet voiceless as a snake.

viii

volumes of sound, from the cathedral roll’d,

this long-roofed vista penetrate—but see,

65

one after one, its tablets, that unfold

the whole design of scripture history;

from the first tasting of the fatal tree,

till the bright star appeared in eastern skies,

announcing one was born mankind to free;

70

his acts, his wrongs, his final sacrifice;

lessons for every heart, a bible for all eyes.

ix

our pride misleads, our timid likings kill.

—long may these homely works devised of old,

these simple efforts of helvetian skill,

75

aid, with congenial influence, to uphold

the state,—the country’s destiny to mould;

turning, for them who pass, the common dust

of servile opportunity to gold;

filling the soul with sentiments august—

80

the beautiful, the brave, the holy, and the just!

x

and those surrounding mountains—but no more;

time creepeth softly as the liquid flood;

life slips from underneath us, like the floor

of that wide rainbow-arch whereon we stood,

85

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 465

earth stretched below, heaven in our neighbourhood.

go forth, my little book! pursue thy way;

go forth, and please the gentle and the good;

nor be a whisper stifled, if it say

that treasures, yet untouched, may grace some future lay.

90

effusion

in presence of the painted tower of tell, at altorf

this tower is said to stand upon the spot where grew the linden tree against

which his son was placed, when the father’s archery was put to proof under

circumstances so famous in swiss history.

what though the italian pencil wrought not here,

nor such fine skill as did the meed bestow

on marathonian valour, yet the tear

springs forth in presence of this gaudy show,

while narrow cares their limits overflow.

5

thrice happy, burghers, peasants, warriors old,

infants in arms, and ye, that as ye go

home-ward or school-ward, ape what ye behold;

heroes before your time, in frolic fancy bold!

but when that calm spectatress from on high

10

looks down—the bright and solitary moon,

who never gazes but to beautify;

and snow-fed torrents, which the blaze of noon

roused into fury, murmur a soft tune

that fosters peace, and gentleness recals;

15

then might the passing monk receive a boon

of saintly pleasure from these pictured walls,

while, on the warlike groups, the mellowing lustre falls.

how blest the souls who when their trials come

yield not to terror or despondency,

20

but face like that sweet boy their mortal doom,

whose head the ruddy apple tops, while he

expectant stands beneath the linden tree,

not quaking like the timid forest game;

he smiles—the hesitating shaft to free,

25

466 the poems of william wordsworth

assured that heaven its justice will proclaim,

and to his father give its own unerring aim.

composed in one of the catholic cantons of switzerland

doomed as we are our native dust

to wet with many a bitter shower,

it ill befits us to disdain

the altar, to deride the fane,

where patient sufferers bend, in trust

5

to win a happier hour.

i love, where spreads the village lawn,

upon some knee-worn cell to gaze;

hail to the firm unmoving cross,

aloft, where pines their branches toss!

10

and to the chapel far withdrawn,

that lurks by lonely ways!

where’er we roam—along the brink

of rhine—or by the sweeping po,

through alpine vale, or champain wide,

15

whate’er we look on, at our side

be charity!—to bid us think,

and feel, if we would know.

after-thought

oh life! without thy chequered scene

of right and wrong, of weal and woe,

success and failure, could a ground

for magnanimity be found;

for faith, ’mid ruined hopes, serene?

5

or whence could virtue flow?

pain entered through a ghastly breach—

nor while sin lasts must effort cease;

heaven upon earth’s an empty boast;

but, for the bowers of eden lost,

10

mercy has placed within our reach

a portion of god’s peace.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 467

incident at bruges

in bruges town is many a street

whence busy life hath fled;

where, without hurry, noiseless feet

the grass-grown pavement tread.

there heard we, halting in the shade

5

flung from a convent-tower,

a harp that tuneful prelude made

to a voice of thrilling power.

the measure, simple truth to tell,

was fit for some gay throng;

10

though from the same grim turret fell

the shadow and the song.

when silent were both voice and chords

the strain seemed doubly dear,

yet sad as sweet, for english words

15

had fallen upon the ear.

it was a breezy hour of eve;

and pinnacle and spire

quivered and seemed almost to heave,

clothed with innocuous fire;

20

but where we stood, the setting sun

showed little of his state;

and, if the glory reached the nun,

’twas through an iron grate.

not always is the heart unwise,

25

nor pity idly born,

if even a passing stranger sighs

for them who do not mourn.

sad is thy doom, self-solaced dove,

captive, whoe’er thou be!

30

oh! what is beauty, what is love,

and opening life to thee?

such feeling pressed upon my soul,

a feeling sanctified

by one soft trickling tear that stole

35

from the maiden at my side;

468 the poems of william wordsworth

less tribute could she pay than this,

borne gaily o’er the sea,

fresh from the beauty and the bliss

of english liberty?

40

at dover

from the pier’s head, musing—and with increase

of wonder, long i watched this sea-side town,

under the white cliff’s battlemented crown,

hushed to a depth of more than sabbath peace.

how strange, methought, this orderly release

5

from social noise—quiet elsewhere unknown!

a spirit whispered, “doth not ocean drown

trivial in solemn sounds? let wonder cease.

his overpowering murmurs have set free

thy sense from pressure of life’s common din;

10

as the dread voice that speaks from out the sea

of god’s eternal word, the voice of time

deadens—the shocks of tumult, shrieks of crime,

the shouts of folly, and the groans of sin.”

469

yarrow revisited, and other poems, composed

(two excepted) during a tour in scotland, and on the

english border, in the autumn of 1831

yarrow revisited

[the following stanzas are a memorial of a day passed with sir walter scott,

and other friends visiting the banks of the yarrow under his guidance, imme-

diately before his departure from abbotsford, for naples.

the title yarrow revisited will stand in no need of explanation, for readers

acquainted with the author’s previous poems suggested by that celebrated

stream.]

the gallant youth, who may have gained,

or seeks, a “winsome marrow,”

was but an infant in the lap

when first i looked on yarrow;

once more, by newark’s castle-gate

5

long left without a warder,

i stood, looked, listened, and with thee,

great minstrel of the border!

grave thoughts ruled wide on that sweet day,

their dignity installing

10

in gentle bosoms, while sere leaves

were on the bough, or falling;

but breezes played, and sunshine gleamed—

the forest to embolden;

reddened the fiery hues, and shot

15

transparence through the golden.

for busy thoughts the stream flowed on

in foamy agitation;

and slept in many a crystal pool

for quiet contemplation:

20

no public and no private care

the freeborn mind enthralling,

1 ww’s notes all appeared in the first edition of the series in 1835. for the sources of the

reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and itinerary poems, 1820–

1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 48–488, and 525–536.

2  see  yarrow unvisited and  yarrow visited, in vols.  and 2, respectively, of this edition.

470 the poems of william wordsworth

we made a day of happy hours,

our happy days recalling.

brisk youth appeared, the morn of youth,

25

with freaks of graceful folly,—

life’s temperate noon, her sober eve,

her night not melancholy,

past, present, future, all appeared

in harmony united,

30

like guests that meet, and some from far,

by cordial love invited.

and if, as yarrow, through the woods

and down the meadow ranging,

did meet us with unaltered face,

35

though we were changed and changing;

if, then, some natural shadows spread

our inward prospect over,

the soul’s deep valley was not slow

its brightness to recover.

40

eternal blessings on the muse,

and her divine employment!

the blameless muse, who trains her sons

for hope and calm enjoyment;

albeit sickness lingering yet

45

has o’er their pillow brooded;

and care waylay their steps—a sprite

not easily eluded.

for thee, o scott! compelled to change

green eildon-hill and cheviot

50

for warm vesuvio’s vine-clad slopes;

and leave thy tweed and teviot

for mild sorento’s breezy waves;

may classic fancy, linking

with native fancy her fresh aid,

55

preserve thy heart from sinking!

o ! while they minister to thee,

each vying with the other,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 471

may health return to mellow age,

with strength, her venturous brother;

60

and tiber, and each brook and rill

renowned in song and story,

with unimagined beauty shine,

nor lose one ray of glory!

for thou, upon a hundred streams,

65

by tales of love and sorrow,

of faithful love, undaunted truth,

hast shed the power of yarrow;

and streams unknown, hills yet unseen,

where’er thy path invite thee,

70

at parent nature’s grateful call,

with gladness must requite thee.

a gracious welcome shall be thine,

such looks of love and honour

as thy own yarrow gave to me

75

when first i gazed upon her;

beheld what i had feared to see,

unwilling to surrender

dreams treasured up from early days,

the holy and the tender.

80

and what, for this frail world, were all

that mortals do or suffer,

did no responsive harp, no pen,

memorial tribute offer?

yea, what were mighty nature’s self?

85

her features, could they win us,

unhelped by the poetic voice

that hourly speaks within us?

nor deem that localised romance

plays false with our affections;

90

unsanctifies our tears—made sport

for fanciful dejections:

ah, no! the visions of the past

sustain the heart in feeling

life as she is—our changeful life,

95

472 the poems of william wordsworth

with friends and kindred dealing.

bear witness, ye, whose thoughts that day

in yarrow’s groves were center’d;

who through the silent portal arch

of mouldering newark enter’d.

100

and clomb the winding stair that once

too timidly was mounted

by the “last minstrel,” (not the last)

ere he his tale recounted!

flow on for ever, yarrow stream!

105

fulfil thy pensive duty,

well pleased that future bards should chant

for simple hearts thy beauty,

to dream-light dear while yet unseen,

dear to the common sunshine,

110

and dearer still, as now i feel,

to memory’s shadowy moonshine!

i

on the departure of sir walter scott from abbotsford, for naples

a trouble, not of clouds, or weeping rain,

nor of the setting sun’s pathetic light

engendered, hangs o’er eildon’s triple height:

spirits of power, assembled there, complain

for kindred power departing from their sight;

5

while tweed, best pleased in chanting a blithe strain,

saddens his voice again, and yet again.

lift up your hearts, ye mourners! for the might

of the whole world’s good wishes with him goes;

blessings and prayers in nobler retinue

10

than sceptred king or laurelled conqueror knows,

follow this wondrous potentate. be true,

ye winds of ocean, and the midland sea,

wafting your charge to soft parthenope!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 473

ii

a place of burial in the south of scotland

part fenced by man, part by a rugged steep

that curbs a foaming brook, a grave-yard lies;

the hare’s best couching-place for fearless sleep;

which moonlit elves, far seen by credulous eyes,

enter in dance. of church, or sabbath ties,

5

no vestige now remains; yet thither creep

bereft ones, and in lowly anguish weep

their prayers out to the wind and naked skies.

proud tomb is none; but rudely-sculptured knights,

by humble choice of plain old times, are seen

10

level with earth, among the hillocks green:

union not sad, when sunny daybreak smites

the spangled turf, and neighbouring thickets ring

with jubilate from the choirs of spring!

iii

on the sight of a manse in the south of scotland

say, ye far-travelled clouds, far-seeing hills,

among the happiest-looking homes of men

scatter’d all britain over, through deep glen,

on airy upland, and by forest rills,

and o’er wide plains whereon the sky distils

5

her lark’s loved warblings; does aught meet your ken

more fit to animate the poet’s pen,

aught that more surely by its aspect fills

pure minds with sinless envy, than the abode

of the good priest: who, faithful through all hours

10

to his high charge, and truly serving god,

has yet a heart and hand for trees and flowers,

enjoys the walks his predecessors trod,

nor covets lineal rights in lands and towers.

iv

composed in roslin chapel, during a storm

the wind is now thy organist;—a clank

474 the poems of william wordsworth

(we know not whence) ministers for a bell

to mark some change of service. as the swell

of music reached its height, and even when sank

the notes, in prelude, roslin! to a blank

5

of silence, how it thrilled thy sumptuous roof,

pillars, and arches,—not in vain time-proof,

though christian rites be wanting! from what bank

came those live herbs? by what hand were they sown

where dew falls not, where rain-drops seem unknown?

10

yet in the temple they a friendly niche

share with their sculptured fellows, that, green-grown,

copy their beauty more and more, and preach,

though mute, of all things blending into one.

v

the trosachs

there’s not a nook within this solemn pass,

but were an apt confessional for one

taught by his summer spent, his autumn gone,

that life is but a tale of morning grass,

withered at eve. from scenes of art that chase

5

that thought away, turn, and with watchful eyes

feed it ’mid nature’s old felicities,

rocks, rivers, and smooth lakes more clear than glass

untouched, unbreathed upon. thrice happy quest,

if from a golden perch of aspen spray

10

(october’s workmanship to rival may)

the pensive warbler of the ruddy breast

this moral sweeten by a heaven-taught lay,

lulling the year, with all its cares, to rest.

vi

the pibroch’s note, discountenanced or mute;

the roman kilt, degraded to a toy

of quaint apparel for a half-spoilt boy;

the target mouldering like ungathered fruit;

the smoking steam-boat eager in pursuit,

5

as eagerly pursued; the umbrella spread

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 475

to weather-fend the celtic herdsman’s head—

all speak of manners withering to the root,

and some old honours, too, and passions high:

then may we ask, though pleased that thought should range

10

among the conquests of civility,

survives imagination—to the change

superior? help to virtue does it give?

if not, o mortals, better cease to live!

vii

composed in the glen of loch etive

this land of rainbows, spanning glens whose walls,

rock-built, are hung with rainbow-coloured mists,

of far-stretched meres, whose salt flood never rests,

of tuneful caves and playful waterfalls,

of mountains varying momently their crests—

5

proud be this land! whose poorest huts are halls

where fancy entertains becoming guests;

while native song the heroic past recalls.

thus, in the net of her own wishes caught,

the muse exclaimed: but story now must hide

10

her trophies, fancy crouch;—the course of pride

has been diverted, other lessons taught,

that make the patriot-spirit bow her head

where the all-conquering roman feared to tread.

viii

composed after reading a newspaper of the day

“people! your chains are severing link by link;

soon shall the rich be levelled down—the poor

meet them halfway.” vain boast! for these, the more

they thus would rise, must low and lower sink

till, by repentance stung, they fear to think;

5

while all lie prostrate, save the tyrant few

bent in quick turns each other to undo,

and mix the poison, they themselves must drink.

mistrust thyself, vain country! cease to cry,

“knowledge will save me from the threatened woe.”

10

476 the poems of william wordsworth

for, if than other rash ones more thou know,

yet on presumptuous wing as far would fly

above thy knowledge as they dared to go,

thou wilt provoke a heavier penalty.

ix

eagles

composed at dunollie castle in the bay of oban

dishonoured rock and ruin! that, by law

tyrannic, keep the bird of jove embarred

like a lone criminal whose life is spared.

vexed is he, and screams loud. the last i saw

was on the wing; stooping, he struck with awe

5

man, bird, and beast; then, with a consort paired,

from a bold headland, their loved aery’s guard,

flew high above atlantic waves, to draw

light from the fountain of the setting sun.

such was this prisoner once; and, when his plumes

10

the sea-blast ruffles as the storm comes on,

in spirit, for a moment, he resumes

his rank ’mong freeborn creatures that live free,

his power, his beauty, and his majesty.

x

in the sound of mull

tradition, be thou mute! oblivion, throw

thy veil, in mercy, o’er the records hung

round strath and mountain, stamped by the ancient tongue

on rock and ruin darkening as we go,—

spots where a word, ghost-like, survives to show

5

what crimes from hate, or desperate love, have sprung;

from honour misconceived, or fancied wrong,

what feuds, not quenched but fed by mutual woe:

yet, though a wild vindictive race, untamed

by civil arts and labour of the pen,

10

could gentleness be scorned by these fierce men,

who, to spread wide the reverence that they claimed

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 477

for patriarchal occupations, named

yon towering peaks, shepherds of etive glen?”

xi

at tyndrum

enough of garlands, of the arcadian crook,

and all that greece and italy have sung

of swains reposing myrtle groves among!

ours couch on naked rocks, will cross a brook

swoln with chill rains, nor ever cast a look

5

this way or that, or give it even a thought

more than by smoothest pathway may be brought

into a vacant mind. can written book

teach what they learn? up, hardy mountaineer!

and guide the bard, ambitious to be one

10

of nature’s privy council, as thou art,

on cloud-sequestered heights, that see and hear

to what dread powers he delegates his part

on earth, who works in the heaven of heavens, alone.

xii

the earl of breadalbane’s ruined mansion,

and family burial-place, near killin

well sang the bard who called the grave, in strains

thoughtful and sad, the “narrow house.” no style

of fond sepulchral flattery can beguile

grief of her sting; nor cheat, where he detains

the sleeping dust, stern death: how reconcile

5

with truth, or with each other, decked remains

of a once warm abode, and that new pile,

for the departed, built with curious pains

and mausolean pomp? yet here they stand

together,—’mid trim walks and artful bowers,

10

to be looked down upon by ancient hills,

that, for the living and the dead, demand

and prompt a harmony of genuine powers;

concord that elevates the mind, and stills.

  “in gaelic, buachaill eite.” ww

478 the poems of william wordsworth

xiii

rest and be thankful, at the head of glencoe

doubling and doubling with laborious walk,

who, that has gained at length the wished-for height,

this brief this simple way-side call can slight,

and rests not thankful? whether cheered by talk

with some loved friend, or by the unseen hawk

5

whistling to clouds and sky-born streams, that shine

at the sun’s outbreak, as with light divine,

ere they descend to nourish root and stalk

of valley flowers. nor, while the limbs repose,

will we forget that, as the fowl can keep

10

absolute stillness, posed aloft in air,

and fishes front, unmoved, the torrent’s sweep,—

so may the soul, through powers that faith bestows,

win rest, and ease, and peace, with bliss that angels share.

xiv

highland hut

see what gay wild flowers deck this earth-built cot,

whose smoke, forth-issuing whence and how it may,

shines in the greeting of the sun’s first ray

like wreaths of vapour without stain or blot.

the limpid mountain rill avoids it not;

5

and why shouldst thou? if rightly trained and bred,

humanity is humble,—finds no spot

which her heaven-guided feet refuse to tread.

the walls are cracked, sunk is the flowery roof,

undressed the pathway leading to the door;

10

but love, as nature loves, the lonely poor;

search, for their worth, some gentle heart wrong-proof,

meek, patient, kind, and, were its trials fewer,

belike less happy.—stand no more aloof!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 479

xv

the brownie

[upon a small island not far from the head of loch lomond, are some

remains of an ancient building, which was for several years the abode of a

solitary individual, one of the last survivors of the clan of macfarlane, once

powerful in that neighbourhood. passing along the shore opposite this island

in the year 1814, the author learned these particulars, and that this person

then living there had acquired the appellation of “the brownie.” ]

“how disappeared he?” ask the newt and toad;

ask of his fellow men, and they will tell

how he was found, cold as an icicle,

under an arch of that forlorn abode;

where he, unpropp’d, and by the gathering flood

5

of years hemm’d round, had dwelt, prepared to try

privation’s worst extremities, and die

with no one near save the omnipresent god.

verily so to live was an awful choice—

a choice that wears the aspect of a doom;

10

but in the mould of mercy all is cast

for souls familiar with the eternal voice;

and this forgotten taper to the last

drove from itself, we trust, all frightful gloom.

xvi

to the planet venus, an evening star.

composed at loch lomond

though joy attend thee orient at the birth

of dawn, it cheers the lofty spirit most

to watch thy course when day-light, fled from earth,

in the grey sky hath left his lingering ghost,

perplexed as if between a splendour lost

5

and splendour slowly mustering. since the sun,

the absolute, the world-absorbing one,

relinquished half his empire to the host

emboldened by thy guidance, holy star,

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

2  “see ‘the brownie’s cell,’ in the author’s poems, . . . to which the following sonnet is a

sequel.” ww refers to the earlier sonnet by this title in vol. 2.

480 the poems of william wordsworth

holy as princely, who that looks on thee

10

touching, as now, in thy humility

the mountain borders of this seat of care,

can question that thy countenance is bright,

celestial power, as much with love as light?

xvii

bothwell castle

immured in bothwell’s towers, at times the brave

(so beautiful is clyde) forgot to mourn

the liberty they lost at bannockbourn.

once on those steeps i roamed at large, and have

in mind the landscape, as if still in sight;

5

the river glides, the woods before me wave;

but, by occasion tempted, now i crave

needless renewal of an old delight.

better to thank a dear and long-past day

for joy its sunny hours were free to give

10

than blame the present, that our wish hath crost.

memory, like sleep, hath powers which dreams obey,

dreams, vivid dreams, that are not fugitive:

how little that she cherishes is lost!

xviii

picture of daniel in the lion’s den, at hamilton palace

amid a fertile region green with wood

and fresh with rivers, well doth it become

the ducal owner, in his palace-home

to naturalise this tawny lion brood;

children of art, that claim strange brotherhood,

5

couched in their den, with those that roam at large

over the burning wilderness, and charge

the wind with terror while they roar for food.

but these are satiate, and a stillness drear

calls into life a more enduring fear;

10

yet is the prophet calm, nor would the cave

daunt him—if his companions, now be-drowsed

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 481

yawning and listless, were by hunger roused:

man placed him here, and god, he knows, can save.

xix

the avon ( a feeder of the annan)

avon—a precious, an immortal name!

yet is it one that other rivulets bear

like this unheard-of, and their channels wear

like this contented, though unknown to fame:

for great and sacred is the modest claim

5

of streams to nature’s love, where’er they flow;

and ne’er did genius slight them, as they go,

tree, flower, and green herb, feeding without blame.

but praise can waste her voice on work of tears,

anguish, and death: full oft where innocent blood

10

has mixed its current with the limpid flood,

her heaven-offending trophies glory rears;

never for like distinction may the good

shrink from thy name, pure rill, with unpleased ears!

xx

suggested by a view from an eminence in inglewood forest

the forest huge of ancient caledon

is but a name, nor more is inglewood,

that swept from hill to hill, from flood to flood:

on her last thorn the nightly moon has shone;

yet still, though unappropriate wild be none,

5

fair parks spread wide where adam bell might deign

with clym o’ the clough, were they alive again,

to kill for merry feast their venison.

nor wants the holy abbot’s gliding shade

his church with monumental wreck bestrown;

10

the feudal warrior-chief, a ghost unlaid,

hath still his castle, though a skeleton,

that he may watch by night, and lessons con

of power that perishes, and rights that fade.

482 the poems of william wordsworth

xxi

hart’s-horn tree, near penrith

here stood an oak, that long had borne affixed

to his huge trunk, or, with more subtle art,

among its withering topmost branches mixed,

the palmy antlers of a hunted hart,

whom the dog hercules pursued—his part

5

each desperately sustaining, till at last

both sank and died, the life-veins of the chased

and chaser bursting here with one dire smart.

mutual the victory, mutual the defeat!

high was the trophy hung with pitiless pride;

10

say, rather, with that generous sympathy

that wants not, even in rudest breasts, a seat;

and, for this feeling’s sake, let no one chide

verse that would guard thy memory, hart’s-horn tree!

xxii

countess’s pillar

[on the roadside between penrith and appleby, there stands a pillar with the

following inscription:—

“this pillar was erected, in the year 1656, by anne countess dowager

of pembroke, andc. for a memorial of her last parting with her pious mother,

margaret countess dowager of cumberland, on the 2d of april, 1616; in

memory whereof she hath left an annuity of 4l. to be distributed to the poor of

the parish of brougham, every 2d day of april for ever, upon the stone table

placed hard by. laus deo!”]

while the poor gather round, till the end of time

may this bright flower of charity display

its bloom, unfolding at the appointed day;

flower than the loveliest of the vernal prime

lovelier—transplanted from heaven’s purest clime!

5

“charity never faileth:” on that creed,

more than on written testament or deed,

the pious lady built with hope sublime.

alms on this stone to be dealt out, for ever!

“ laus deo.” many a stranger passing by

10

  for ww’s note see the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 483

has with that parting mixed a filial sigh,

blest its humane memorial’s fond endeavour;

and, fastening on those lines an eye tear-glazed,

has ended, though no clerk, with “god be praised!”

xxiii

roman antiquities

(from the roman station at old penrith)

how profitless the relics that we cull,

troubling the last holds of ambitious rome,

unless they chasten fancies that presume

too high, or idle agitations lull!

of the world’s flatteries if the brain be full,

5

to have no seat for thought were better doom,

like this old helmet, or the eyeless skull

of him who gloried in its nodding plume.

heaven out of view, our wishes what are they?

our fond regrets, insatiate in their grasp?

10

the sage’s theory? the poet’s lay?

mere fibulæ without a robe to clasp;

obsolete lamps, whose light no time recalls;

urns without ashes, tearless lacrymals!

apology

no more: the end is sudden and abrupt,

abrupt—as without preconceived design

was the beginning, yet the several lays

have moved in order, to each other bound

by a continuous and acknowledged tie

5

though unapparent, like those shapes distinct

that yet survive ensculptured on the walls

of palace, or of temple, ’mid the wreck

of famed persepolis; each following each,

as might beseem a stately embassy,

10

in set array; these bearing in their hands

ensign of civil power, weapon of war,

or gift, to be presented at the throne

of the great king; and others, as they go

484 the poems of william wordsworth

in priestly vest, with holy offerings charged,

15

or leading victims drest for sacrifice.

nor will the muse condemn, or treat with scorn

our ministration, humble but sincere,

that from a threshold loved by every muse

its impulse took—that sorrow-stricken door,

20

whence, as a current from its fountain-head,

our thoughts have issued, and our feelings flowed,

receiving, willingly or not, fresh strength

from kindred sources; while around us sighed

(life’s three first seasons having passed away)

25

leaf-scattering winds, and hoar-frost sprinklings fell,

foretaste of winter, on the moorland heights;

and every day brought with it tidings new

of rash change, ominous for the public weal.

hence, if dejection have too oft encroached

30

upon that sweet and tender melancholy

which may itself be cherished and caressed

more than enough, a fault so natural,

even with the young, the hopeful, or the gay,

for prompt forgiveness will not sue in vain.

35

the highland broach

if to tradition faith be due,

and echoes from old verse speak true,

ere the meek saint, columba, bore

glad tidings to iona’s shore,

no common light of nature blessed

5

the mountain region of the west,

a land where gentle manners ruled

o’er men in dauntless virtues schooled,

that raised, for centuries, a bar

impervious to the tide of war;

10

yet peaceful arts did entrance gain

where haughty force had striven in vain;

and, ’mid the works of skilful hands,

by wanderers brought from foreign lands

and various climes, was not unknown

15

the clasp that fixed the roman gown;

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 485

the fibula, whose shape, i ween,

still in the highland broach is seen,

the silver broach of massy frame,

worn at the breast of some grave dame

20

on road or path, or at the door

of fern-thatched hut on heathy moor:

but delicate of yore its mould,

and the material finest gold;

as might beseem the fairest fair,

25

whether she graced a royal chair,

or shed, within a vaulted hall,

no fancied lustre on the wall

where shields of mighty heroes hung,

while fingal heard what ossian sung.

30

the heroic age expired—it slept

deep in its tomb:—the bramble crept

o’er fingal’s hearth; the grassy sod

grew on the floors his sons had trod:

malvina! where art thou? their state

35

the noblest-born must abdicate,

the fairest, while with fire and sword

come spoilers—horde impelling horde,

must walk the sorrowing mountains, drest

by ruder hands in homelier vest.

40

yet still the female bosom lent,

and loved to borrow, ornament;

still was its inner world a place

reached by the dews of heavenly grace;

still pity to this last retreat

45

clove fondly; to his favourite seat

love wound his way by soft approach,

beneath a massier highland broach.

when alternations came of rage

yet fiercer, in a darker age;

50

and feuds, where, clan encountering clan,

the weaker perished to a man;

for maid and mother, when despair

might else have triumphed, baffling prayer,

486 the poems of william wordsworth

one small possession lacked not power,

55

provided in a calmer hour,

to meet such need as might befall—

roof, raiment, bread, or burial:

for woman, even of tears bereft,

the hidden silver broach was left.

60

as generations come and go,

their arts, their customs, ebb and flow;

fate, fortune, sweep strong powers away,

and feeble, of themselves, decay;

what poor abodes the heir-loom hide,

65

in which the castle once took pride!

tokens, once kept as boasted wealth,

if saved at all, are saved by stealth.

lo! ships, from seas by nature barred,

mount along ways by man prepared;

70

and in far-stretching vales, whose streams

seek other seas, their canvass gleams.

lo! busy towns spring up, on coasts

thronged yesterday by airy ghosts;

soon, like a lingering star forlorn

75

among the novelties of morn,

while young delights on old encroach,

will vanish the last highland broach.

but when, from out their viewless bed,

like vapours, years have rolled and spread;

80

and this poor verse, and worthier lays,

shall yield no light of love or praise,

then, by the spade, or cleaving plough,

or torrent from the mountain’s brow,

or whirlwind, reckless what his might

85

entombs, or forces into light,

blind chance, a volunteer ally,

that oft befriends antiquity,

and clears oblivion from reproach,

may render back the highland broach.

90

  “the exact resemblance which the old broach (still in use, though rarely met with, among

the highlanders) bears to the roman fibula must strike every one, and concurs with the

plaid and kilt to recall to mind the communication which the ancient romans had with this

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 487

[poem not included in series as published]

the modern athens

“now that a parthenon ascends, to crown

our calton hill, sage pallas! ’tis most fit

this thy dear city by the name be known

of modern athens.” but opinions split

upon this point of taste; and mother wit

5

cries out, “auld reekie, guid and honest town

of ed’nbro’, put the sad misnomer down,—

this alias of conceit—away with it!”

let none provoke, for questionable smiles

from an outlandish goddess, the just scorn

10

of thy staunch gothic patron, grave st giles;

—far better than such heathen foppery

the homeliest title thou hast ever borne

before or since the times of, wha wants me?

remote country. how much the broach is sometimes prized by persons in humble stations

may be gathered from an occurrence mentioned to me by a female friend. she had had

an opportunity of benefiting a poor old woman in her own hut, who, wishing to make a

return, said to her daughter, in erse, in a tone of plaintive earnestness, ‘i would give any

thing i have, but i  hope she does not wish for my broach!’ and, uttering these words, she put her hand upon the broach which fastened her kerchief, and which, she imagined, had

attracted the eye of her benefactress.” ww

488

sonnets composed or suggested during a tour in

scotland, in the summer of 1833

sonnets

composed or suggested during a tour in scotland,

in the summer of 1833

[having been prevented by the lateness of the season, in 1831, from vis-

iting staffa and iona, the author made these the principal objects of a short

tour in the summer of 1833, of which the following series of sonnets is a

memorial. the course pursued was down the cumberland river derwent, and

to whitehaven; thence (by the isle of man, where a few days were passed) up

the frith of clyde to greenock, then to oban, staffa, iona; and back towards

england, by loch awe, inverary, loch goil-head, greenock, and through

parts of renfrewshire, ayrshire, and dumfries-shire to carlisle, and thence

up the river eden, and homewards by ullswater.]

sonnets, 1833

i

adieu, rydalian laurels! that have grown

and spread as if ye knew that days might come

when ye would shelter in a happy home,

on this fair mount, a poet of your own,

one who ne’er ventured for a delphic crown

5

to sue the god; but, haunting your green shade

all seasons through, is humbly pleased to braid

ground-flowers, beneath your guardianship, self sown.

farewell! no minstrels now with harp new-strung

for summer wandering quit their household bowers;

10

yet not for this wants poesy a tongue

to cheer the itinerant on whom she pours

her spirit, while he crosses lonely moors,

or musing sits forsaken halls among.

  ww’s notes are those published with the series in  yarrow revisited and other poems

(835).  for  the  sources  of  the  reading  text  and  the  editor’s  commentary,  see  sonnet series and itinerary poems,   1820–1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 56–572, and 640–655.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 489

ii

why should the enthusiast, journeying through this isle,

repine as if his hour were come too late?

not unprotected in her mouldering state,

antiquity salutes him with a smile,

’mid fruitful fields that ring with jocund toil,

5

and pleasure-grounds where taste, refined co-mate

of truth and beauty, strives to imitate,

far as she may, primeval nature’s style.

fair land! by time’s parental love made free,

by social order’s watchful arms embraced,

10

with unexampled union meet in thee,

for eye and mind, the present and the past;

with golden prospect for futurity,

if what is rightly reverenced may last.

iii

they called thee merry england, in old time;

a happy people won for thee that name

with envy heard in many a distant clime;

and, spite of change, for me thou keep’st the same

endearing title, a responsive chime

5

to the heart’s fond belief, though some there are

whose sterner judgments deem that word a snare

for inattentive fancy, like the lime

which foolish birds are caught with. can, i ask,

this face of rural beauty be a mask

10

for discontent, and poverty, and crime;

these spreading towns a cloak for lawless will;

forbid it, heaven!—that “merry england” still

may be thy rightful name, in prose and rhyme!

iv

to the river greta, near keswick

greta, what fearful listening! when huge stones

rumble along thy bed, block after block:

or, whirling with reiterated shock,

combat, while darkness aggravates the groans:

490 the poems of william wordsworth

but if thou (like cocytus from the moans

5

heard on his rueful margin) thence wert named

the mourner, thy true nature was defamed,

and the habitual murmur that atones

for thy worst rage, forgotten. oft as spring

decks, on thy sinuous banks, her thousand thrones,

10

seats of glad instinct and love’s carolling,

the concert, for the happy, then may vie

with liveliest peals of birth-day harmony:

to a grieved heart, the notes are benisons.

v

to the river derwent

among the mountains were we nursed, loved stream!

thou near the eagle’s nest—within brief sail,

i, of his bold wing floating on the gale,

where thy deep voice could lull me! faint the beam

of human life when first allowed to gleam

5

on mortal notice.—glory of the vale,

such thy meek outset, with a crown, though frail,

kept in perpetual verdure by the steam

of thy soft breath!—less vivid wreath entwined

nemæan victor’s brow; less bright was worn,

10

meed of some roman chief—in triumph borne

with captives chained; and shedding from his car

the sunset splendours of a finished war

upon the proud enslavers of mankind!

vi

in sight of the town of cockermouth (where the author was born, and

his father’s remains are laid)

a point of life between my parents’ dust,

and your’s, my buried little-ones! am i;

and to those graves looking habitually

in kindred quiet i repose my trust.

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

2  “this sonnet has already appeared in several editions of the author’s poems; but he is

tempted to reprint it in this place, as a natural introduction to the two that follow it.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 491

death to the innocent is more than just,

5

and, to the sinner, mercifully bent;

so may i hope, if truly i repent

and meekly bear the ills which bear i must:

and you, my offspring! that do still remain,

yet may outstrip me in the appointed race,

10

if e’er, through fault of mine, in mutual pain

we breathed together for a moment’s space,

the wrong, by love provoked, let love arraign,

and only love keep in your hearts a place.

vii

address from the spirit of cockermouth castle

thou look’st upon me, and dost fondly think,

poet! that, stricken as both are by years,

we, differing once so much, are now compeers,

prepared, when each has stood his time, to sink

into the dust. erewhile a sterner link

5

united us; when thou, in boyish play,

entering my dungeon, didst become a prey

to soul-appalling darkness. not a blink

of light was there;—and thus did i, thy tutor,

make thy young thoughts acquainted with the grave;

10

while thou wert chasing the wing’d butterfly

through my green courts; or climbing, a bold suitor,

up to the flowers whose golden progeny

still round my shattered brow in beauty wave.

viii

nun’s well, brigham

the cattle crowding round this beverage clear

to slake their thirst, with reckless hoofs have trod

the encircling turf into a barren clod;

through which the waters creep, then disappear,

born to be lost in derwent flowing near;

5

yet, o’er the brink, and round the limestone-cell

of the pure spring (they call it the “nun’s well,”

name that first struck by chance my startled ear)

492 the poems of william wordsworth

a tender spirit broods—the pensive shade

of ritual honours to this fountain paid

10

by hooded votaries with saintly cheer;

albeit oft the virgin-mother mild

looked down with pity upon eyes beguiled

into the shedding of “too soft a tear.”

ix

to a friend (on the banks of the derwent)

pastor and patriot! at whose bidding rise

these modest walls, amid a flock that need

for one who comes to watch them and to feed

a fixed abode, keep down presageful sighs.

threats which the unthinking only can despise,

5

perplex the church; but be thou firm,—be true

to thy first hope, and this good work pursue,

poor as thou art. a welcome sacrifice

dost thou prepare, whose sign will be the smoke

of thy new hearth; and sooner shall its wreaths,

10

mounting while earth her morning incense breathes,

from wandering fiends of air receive a yoke,

and straightway cease to aspire, than god disdain

this humble tribute as ill-timed or vain.

x

mary queen of scots (landing at the mouth of the derwent,

workington)

dear to the loves, and to the graces vowed,

the queen drew back the wimple that she wore;

and to the throng how touchingly she bowed

  “attached to the church of brigham was formerly a chantry, which held a moiety of the

manor; and in the decayed parsonage some vestiges of monastic architecture are still to

be seen.” ww

2  “ ‘the  fears  and  impatience  of  mary  were  so  great,’  says  robertson,  ‘that  she  got  into a fisher-boat, and with about twenty attendants landed at workington, in cumberland; and thence she was conducted with many marks of respect to carlisle.’ the apartment

in which the queen had slept at workington hall (where she was received by sir henry

curwen as became her rank and misfortunes) was long preserved, out of respect to her

memory, as she had left it; and one cannot but regret that some necessary alterations in

the mansion could not be effected without its destruction.” ww quotes from  the history of

scotland (759) by william robertson.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 493

that hailed her landing on the cumbrian shore;

bright as a star (that, from a sombre cloud

5

of pine-tree foliage poised in air, forth darts,

when a soft summer gale at evening parts

the gloom that did its loveliness enshroud)

she smiled; but time, the old saturnian seer,

sighed on the wing as her foot pressed the strand,

10

with step prelusive to a long array

of woes and degradations hand in hand,

weeping captivity, and shuddering fear

stilled by the ensanguined block of fotheringay!

xi

in the channel, between the coast of cumberland

and the isle of man

ranging the heights of scawfell or black-coom,

in his lone course the shepherd oft will pause,

and strive to fathom the mysterious laws

by which the clouds, arrayed in light or gloom,

on mona settle, and the shapes assume

5

of all her peaks and ridges. what he draws

from sense, faith, reason, fancy, of the cause

he will take with him to the silent tomb:

or, by his fire, a child upon his knee,

haply the untaught philosopher may speak

10

of the strange sight, nor hide his theory

that satisfies the simple and the meek,

blest in their pious ignorance, though weak

to cope with sages undevoutly free.

xii

at sea off the isle of man.

bold words affirmed, in days when faith was strong,

and doubts and scruples seldom teazed the brain,

that no adventurer’s bark had power to gain

these shores if he approached them bent on wrong;

for, suddenly up-conjured from the main,

5

mists rose to hide the land—that search, though long

494 the poems of william wordsworth

and eager, might be still pursued in vain.

o fancy, what an age was that for song!

that age, when not by laws inanimate,

as men believed, the waters were impelled,

10

the air controlled, the stars their courses held,

but element and orb on acts did wait

of powers endued with visible form, instinct

with will, and to their work by passion linked.

xiii

desire we past illusions to recall?

to reinstate wild fancy, would we hide

truths whose thick veil science has drawn aside?

no,—let this age, high as she may, install

in her esteem the thirst that wrought man’s fall,

5

the universe is infinitely wide;

and conquering reason, if self-glorified,

can nowhere move uncrossed by some new wall

or gulf of mystery, which thou alone,

imaginative faith! canst overleap,

10

in progress toward the fount of love,—the throne

of power, whose ministering spirits records keep

of periods fixed, and laws established, less

flesh to exalt than prove its nothingness.

xiv

on entering douglas bay, isle of man

“dignum laude viru musa vetat mori.”

the feudal keep, the bastions of cohorn,

even when they rose to check or to repel

tides of aggressive war, oft served as well

greedy ambition, armed to treat with scorn

just limits; but yon tower, whose smiles adorn

5

this perilous bay, stands clear of all offence;

blest work it is of love and innocence,

a tower of refuge to the else forlorn.

spare it, ye waves, and lift the mariner,

struggling for life, into its saving arms!

10

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 495

spare, too, the human helpers! do they stir

’mid your fierce shock like men afraid to die?

no, their dread service nerves the heart it warms,

and they are led by noble hillary.

xv

by the sea-shore, isle of man.

why stand we gazing on the sparkling brine

with wonder, smit by its transparency,

and all-enraptured with its purity?

because the unstained, the clear, the crystalline,

have ever in them something of benign;

5

whether in gem, in water, or in sky,

a sleeping infant’s brow, or wakeful eye

of a young maiden, only not divine.

scarcely the hand forbears to dip its palm

for beverage drawn as from a mountain well:

10

temptation centres in the liquid calm;

our daily raiment seems no obstacle

to instantaneous plunging in, deep sea!

and revelling in long embrace with thee.

xvi

isle of man

a youth too certain of his power to wade

on the smooth bottom of this clear bright sea,

to sight so shallow, with a bather’s glee

leapt from this rock, and surely, had not aid

been near, must soon have breathed out life, betrayed

5

by fondly trusting to an element

fair, and to others more than innocent;

then had sea-nymphs sung dirges for him laid

in peaceful earth: for, doubtless, he was frank,

utterly in himself devoid of guile;

10

1 “the tower of refuge, an ornament to douglas bay, was erected chiefly through the humanity  and  zeal  of  sir  william  hillary;  and  he  also  was  the  founder  of  the  life-boat establishment, at that place; by which, under his superintendence, and often by his exer-tions at the imminent hazard of his own life, many seamen and passengers have been

saved.” ww

496 the poems of william wordsworth

knew not the double-dealing of a smile;

nor aught that makes men’s promises a blank,

or deadly snare: and he survives to bless

the power that saved him in his strange distress.

xvii

the retired marine officer, isle of man

not pangs of grief for lenient time too keen,

grief that devouring waves had caused, nor guilt

which they had witnessed, swayed the man who built

this homestead, placed where nothing could be seen,

nought heard of ocean, troubled or serene.

5

a tired ship-soldier on paternal land,

that o’er the channel holds august command,

the dwelling raised,—a veteran marine;

who, in disgust, turned from the neighbouring sea

to shun the memory of a listless life

10

that hung between two callings. may no strife

more hurtful here beset him, doom’d, though free,

self-doom’d to worse inaction, till his eye

shrink from the daily sight of earth and sky!

xviii

by a retired mariner (a friend of the author)

from early youth i ploughed the restless main,

my mind as restless and as apt to change;

through every clime and ocean did i range,

in hope at length a competence to gain;

for poor to sea i went, and poor i still remain.

5

year after year i strove, but strove in vain,

and hardships manifold did i endure,

for fortune on me never deign’d to smile;

yet i at last a resting-place have found,

with just enough life’s comforts to procure,

10

in a snug cove on this our favoured isle,

  “this unpretending sonnet is by a gentleman nearly connected with the author, who hopes,

as it falls so easily into its place, that both the writer and the reader will excuse its appearance here.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 497

a peaceful spot where nature’s gifts abound;

then sure i have no reason to complain,

though poor to sea i went, and poor i still remain.

xix

at bala-sala, isle of man (supposed to be written by

a friend of the author)

broken in fortune, but in mind entire

and sound in principle, i seek repose

where ancient trees this convent-pile enclose,

in ruin beautiful. when vain desire

intrudes on peace, i pray the eternal sire

5

to cast a soul-subduing shade on me,

a grey-haired, pensive, thankful refugee,

a shade but with some sparks of heavenly fire

once to these cells vouchsafed. and when i note

the old tower’s brow yellowed as with the beams

10

of sunset ever there, albeit streams

of stormy weather-stains that semblance wrought,

i thank the silent monitor, and say

“shine so, my aged brow, at all hours of the day!”

xx

tynwald hill

once on the top of tynwald’s formal mound

(still marked with green turf circles narrowing

stage above stage) would sit this island’s king,

the laws to promulgate, enrobed and crowned;

while, compassing the little mount around,

5

degrees and orders stood, each under each:

now, like to things within fate’s easiest reach,

the power is merged, the pomp a grave has found.

off with yon cloud, old snafell! that thine eye

  “rushen abbey.” ww

2  “the summit of this mountain is well chosen by cowley, as the scene of the ‘vision,’ in which the spectral angel discourses with him concerning the government of oliver cromwell. ‘i

found myself,’ says he, ‘on the top of that famous hill in the island mona, which has the

prospect  of  three  great,  and  not  long  since  most  happy,  kingdoms. as  soon  as  ever  i looked upon them, they called forth the sad representation of all the sins and all the miser-498 the poems of william wordsworth

over three realms may take its widest range;

10

and let, for them, thy fountains utter strange

voices, thy winds break forth in prophecy,

if the whole state must suffer mortal change,

like mona’s miniature of sovereignty.

xxi

despond who will —i heard a voice exclaim,

“though fierce the assault, and shatter’d the defence,

it cannot be that britain’s social frame,

the glorious work of time and providence,

before a flying season’s rash pretence,

5

should fall; that she, whose virtue put to shame,

when europe prostrate lay, the conqueror’s aim,

should perish, self-subverted. black and dense

the cloud is; but brings that a day of doom

to liberty? her sun is up the while,

10

that orb whose beams round saxon alfred shone,

then laugh, ye innocent vales! ye streams, sweep on,

nor let one billow of our heaven-blest isle

toss in the fanning wind a humbler plume.”

xxii

in the frith of clyde, ailsa crag (july 17, 1833)

since risen from ocean, ocean to defy,

appeared the crag of ailsa, ne’er did morn

with gleaming lights more gracefully adorn

his sides, or wreathe with mist his forehead high:

now, faintly darkening with the sun’s eclipse,

5

still is he seen, in lone sublimity,

towering above the sea and little ships;

for dwarfs the tallest seem while sailing by,

each for her haven; with her freight of care,

pleasure, or grief, and toil that seldom looks

10

into the secret of to-morrow’s fare;

ies that had overwhelmed them these twenty years.’ it is not to be denied that the changes

now in progress, and the passions, and the way in which they work, strikingly resemble

those which led to the disasters the philosophic writer so feelingly bewails. god grant that

the resemblance may not become still more striking as months and years advance!” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 499

though poor, yet rich, without the wealth of books,

or aught that watchful love to nature owes

for her mute powers, fix’d forms, and transient shows.

xxiii

on the frith of clyde (in a steam-boat)

arran! a single-crested teneriffe,

a st. helena next—in shape and hue,

varying her crowded peaks and ridges blue;

who but must covet a cloud-seat or skiff

built for the air, or winged hippogriff,

5

that he might fly, where no one could pursue,

from this dull monster and her sooty crew;

and, like a god, light on thy topmost cliff.

impotent wish! which reason would despise

if the mind knew no union of extremes,

10

no natural bond between the boldest schemes

ambition frames, and heart-humilities.

beneath stern mountains many a soft vale lies,

and lofty springs give birth to lowly streams.

xxiv

on revisiting dunolly castle

the captive bird was gone;—to cliff or moor

perchance had flown, delivered by the storm;

or he had pined, and sunk to feed the worm:

him found we not; but, climbing a tall tower,

there saw, impaved with rude fidelity

5

of art mosaic, in a roofless floor,

an eagle with stretched wings, but beamless eye—

an eagle that could neither wail nor soar.

effigies of the vanished, (shall i dare

to call thee so?) or symbol of past times,

10

that towering courage, and the savage deeds

those times were proud of, take thou too a share,

  ww refers the reader to a sonnet in the “former series,”  yarrow revisited, ix. eagles, and provides the following note:

“this ingenious piece of workmanship, as the author afterwards learned, had been

executed for their own amusement by some labourers employed about the place.”

500 the poems of william wordsworth

not undeserved, of the memorial rhymes

that animate my way where’er it leads!

xxv

the dunolly eagle

not to the clouds, not to the cliff, he flew;

but when a storm, on sea or mountain bred,

came and delivered him, alone he sped

into the castle-dungeon’s darkest mew.

now, near his master’s house in open view

5

he dwells, and hears indignant tempests howl,

kennelled and chained. ye tame domestic fowl,

beware of him! thou, saucy cockatoo,

look to thy plumage and thy life!—the roe,

fleet as the west wind, is for him no quarry;

10

balanced in ether he will never tarry,

eyeing the sea’s blue depths. poor bird! even so

doth man of brother-man a creature make,

that clings to slavery for its own sad sake.

xxvi

cave of staffa

we saw, but surely, in the motley crowd,

not one of us has felt, the far-famed sight;

how could we feel it? each the other’s blight,

hurried and hurrying, volatile and loud.

o for those motions only that invite

5

the ghost of fingal to his tuneful cave!

by the breeze entered, and wave after wave

softly embosoming the timid light!

and by one votary who at will might stand

gazing, and take into his mind and heart,

10

with undistracted reverence, the effect

of those proportions where the almighty hand

that made the worlds, the sovereign architect,

has deigned to work as if with human art!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 501

xxvii

cave of staffa

thanks for the lessons of this spot—fit school

for the presumptuous thoughts that would assign

mechanic laws to agency divine;

and, measuring heaven by earth, would overrule

infinite power. the pillared vestibule,

5

expanding yet precise, the roof embowed,

might seem designed to humble man, when proud

of his best workmanship by plan and tool.

down-bearing with his whole atlantic weight

of tide and tempest on the structure’s base,

10

and flashing upwards to its topmost height,

ocean has proved its strength, and of its grace

in calms is conscious, finding for his freight

of softest music some responsive place.

xxviii

cave of staffa

ye shadowy beings, that have rights and claims

in every cell of fingal’s mystic grot,

where are ye? driven or venturing to the spot,

our fathers glimpses caught of your thin frames,

and, by your mien and bearing, knew your names;

5

and they could hear his ghostly song who trod

earth, till the flesh lay on him like a load,

while he struck his desolate harp without hopes or aims.

vanished ye are, but subject to recall;

why keep we else the instincts whose dread law

10

ruled here of yore, till what men felt they saw,

not by black arts but magic natural!

if eyes be still sworn vassals of belief,

yon light shapes forth a bard, that shade a chief.

  “the reader may be tempted to exclaim, “how came this and the two following sonnets to

be written, after the dissatisfaction expressed in the preceding one?” in fact, at the risk of incurring the reasonable displeasure of the master of the steamboat, the author returned

to the cave, and explored it under circumstances more favourable to those imaginative

impressions, which it is so wonderfully fitted to make upon the mind.” ww

502 the poems of william wordsworth

xxix

flowers on the top of the pillars at the entrance of the cave

hope smiled when your nativity was cast,

children of summer! ye fresh flowers that brave

what summer here escapes not, the fierce wave,

and whole artillery of the western blast,

battering the temple’s front, its long-drawn nave

5

smiting, as if each moment were their last.

but ye, bright flowers, on frieze and architrave

survive, and once again the pile stands fast,

calm as the universe, from specular towers

of heaven contemplated by spirits pure—

10

suns and their systems, diverse yet sustained

in symmetry, and fashioned to endure,

unhurt, the assault of time with all his hours,

as the supreme artificer ordained.

xxx

on to iona!—what can she afford

to us save matter for a thoughtful sigh,

heaved over ruin with stability

in urgent contrast? to diffuse the word

(thy paramount, mighty nature! and time’s lord)

5

her temples rose, ’mid pagan gloom; but why,

even for a moment, has our verse deplored

their wrongs, since they fulfilled their destiny?

and when, subjected to a common doom

of mutability, those far-famed piles

10

shall disappear from both the sister isles,

iona’s saints, forgetting not past days,

garlands shall wear of amaranthine bloom,

while heaven’s vast sea of voices chants their praise.

  “upon the head of the columns which form the front of the cave, rests a body of decom-

posed basaltic matter, which was richly decorated with that large bright flower, the ox-eyed

daisy. the author had noticed the same flower growing with profusion among the bold

rocks on the western coast of the isle of man; making a brilliant contrast with their black

and gloomy surfaces.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 503

xxxi

iona (upon landing)

with earnest look, to every voyager,

some ragged child holds up for sale his store

of wave-worn pebbles, pleading on the shore

where once came monk and nun with gentle stir,

blessings to give, news ask, or suit prefer.

5

but see yon neat trim church, a grateful speck

of novelty amid this sacred wreck—

nay spare thy scorn, haughty philosopher!

fallen though she be, this glory of the west,

still on her sons the beams of mercy shine;

10

and “hopes, perhaps more heavenly bright than thine,

a grace by thee unsought and unpossest,

a faith more fixed, a rapture more divine

shall gild their passage to eternal rest.”

xxxii

the black stones of iona

[see martin’s voyage among the western isles]

here on their knees men swore: the stones were black,

black in the people’s minds and words, yet they

were at that time, as now, in colour grey.

but what is colour, if upon the rack

of conscience souls are placed by deeds that lack

5

concord with oaths? what differ night and day

then, when before the perjured on his way

hell opens, and the heavens in vengeance crack

above his head uplifted in vain prayer

to saint, or fiend, or to the godhead whom

10

he had insulted—peasant, king, or thane.

fly where the culprit may, guilt meets a doom;

and, from invisible worlds at need laid bare,

come links for social order’s awful chain.

  “the four last lines of this sonnet are adopted from a well-known sonnet of russell, as conveying the author’s feeling better than any words of his own could do.” ww cites sonnet

0 in thomas russell’s  sonnets and miscellaneous poems (oxford, 789).

504 the poems of william wordsworth

xxxiii

homeward we turn. isle of columba’s cell,

where christian piety’s soul-cheering spark

(kindled from heaven between the light and dark

of time) shone like the morning-star, farewell!—

remote st. kilda, art thou visible?

5

no—but farewell to thee, beloved sea-mark

for many a voyage made in fancy’s bark,

when with more hues than in the rainbow dwell

thou a mysterious intercourse dost hold;

extracting from clear skies and air serene,

10

and out of sun-bright waves, a lucid veil,

that thickens, spreads, and, mingling fold with fold

makes known, when thou no longer canst be seen,

thy whereabout, to warn the approaching sail.

xxxiv

greenock

per me si va nella città dolente.

we have not passed into a doleful city,

we who were led to-day down a grim dell,

by some too boldly named “the jaws of hell:”

where be the wretched ones, the sights for pity?

these crowded streets resound no plaintive ditty:

5

as from the hive where bees in summer dwell,

sorrow seems here excluded; and that knell,

it neither damps the gay, nor checks the witty.

too busy mart! thus fared it with old tyre,

whose merchants princes were, whose decks were thrones:

10

soon may the punctual sea in vain respire

to serve thy need, in union with that clyde

whose nursling current brawls o’er mossy stones,

the poor, the lonely herdsman’s joy and pride.

xxxv

“there!” said a stripling, pointing with meet pride

towards a low roof with green trees half concealed,

“is mossgiel farm; and that’s the very field

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 505

where burns ploughed up the daisy.” far and wide

a plain below stretched sea-ward, while, descried

5

above sea-clouds, the peaks of arran rose;

and, by that simple notice, the repose

of earth, sky, sea, and air, was vivified.

beneath “the random bield of clod or stone”

myriads of daisies have shone forth in flower

10

near the lark’s nest, and in their natural hour

have passed away, less happy than the one

that by the unwilling ploughshare died to prove

the tender charm of poetry and love

xxxvi

fancy and tradition

the lovers took within this ancient grove

their last embrace; beside those crystal springs

the hermit saw the angel spread his wings

for instant flight; the sage in yon alcove

sate musing; on that hill the bard would rove,

5

not mute, where now the linnet only sings:

thus every where to truth tradition clings,

or fancy localises powers we love.

were only history licensed to take note

of things gone by, her meagre monuments

10

would ill suffice for persons and events:

there is an ampler page for man to quote,

a readier book of manifold contents,

studied alike in palace and in cot.

xxxvii

the river eden, cumberland

eden! till now thy beauty had i viewed

by glimpses only, and confess with shame

that verse of mine, whate’er its varying mood,

repeats but once the sound of thy sweet name;

yet fetched from paradise that honour came,

5

  “it is to be feared that there is more of the poet than the sound etymologist in this derivation of the name eden. on the western coast of cumberland is a rivulet which enters the

sea at moresby, known also in the neighbourhood by the name of eden. may not the latter

506 the poems of william wordsworth

rightfully borne; for nature gives thee flowers

that have no rivals among british bowers;

and thy bold rocks are worthy of their fame.

measuring thy course, fair stream! at length i pay

to my life’s neighbour dues of neighbourhood;

10

but i have traced thee on thy winding way

with pleasure sometimes by the thought restrained

that things far off are toiled for, while a good

not sought, because too near, is seldom gained.

xxxviii

monument of mrs. howard

(by nollekins)

in wetheral church, near corby, on the banks of the eden

stretched on the dying mother’s lap, lies dead

her new-born babe, dire issue of bright hope!

but sculpture here, with the divinest scope

of luminous faith, heavenward hath raised that head

so patiently; and through one hand has spread

5

a touch so tender for the insensate child,

earth’s lingering love to parting reconciled,

brief parting—for the spirit is all but fled;

that we, who contemplate the turns of life

through this still medium, are consoled and cheered;

10

feel with the mother, think the severed wife

is less to be lamented than revered;

and own that art, triumphant over strife

and pain, hath powers to eternity endeared.

xxxix

tranquillity! the sovereign aim wert thou

in heathen schools of philosophic lore;

heart-stricken by stern destiny of yore

the tragic muse thee served with thoughtful vow;

and what of hope elysium could allow

5

syllable come from the word dean, a valley? langdale, near ambleside, is by the inhabit-

ants called langden. the former syllable occurs in the name eamont, a principal feeder of

the eden; and the stream which flows, when the tide is out, over cartmel sands, is called

the ea.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 507

was fondly seized by sculpture, to restore

peace to the mourner’s soul; but he who wore

the crown of thorns around his bleeding brow

warmed our sad being with his glorious light:

then arts, which still had drawn a softening grace

10

from shadowy fountains of the infinite,

communed with that idea face to face;

and move around it now as planets run,

each in its orbit, round the central sun.

xl

nunnery

the floods are roused, and will not soon be weary;

down from the pennine alps how fiercely sweeps

croglin, the stately eden’s tributary!

he raves, or through some moody passage creeps

plotting new mischief—out again he leaps

5

into broad light, and sends, through regions airy,

that voice which soothed the nuns while on the steeps

they knelt in prayer, or sang to blissful mary.

that union ceased: then, cleaving easy walks

through crags, and smoothing paths beset with danger,

10

came studious taste; and many a pensive stranger

dreams on the banks, and to the river talks.

what change shall happen next to nunnery dell?

canal, and viaduct, and railway, tell!

xli

steamboats, viaducts, and railways

motions and means, on land and sea at war

with old poetic feeling, not for this,

shall ye, by poets even, be judged amiss!

nor shall your presence, howsoe’er it mar

the loveliness of nature, prove a bar

5

  “the chain of crossfell, which parts cumberland and westmore-land from northumberland

and durham.” ww

2 “at corby, a few miles below nunnery, the eden is crossed by a magnificent viaduct; and

another of these works is thrown over a deep glen or ravine at a very short distance from

the main stream.” ww

508 the poems of william wordsworth

to the mind’s gaining that prophetic sense

of future change, that point of vision whence

may be discovered what in soul ye are.

in spite of all that beauty may disown

in your harsh features, nature doth embrace

10

her lawful offspring in man’s art; and time,

pleased with your triumphs o’er his brother space,

accepts from your bold hands the proffered crown

of hope, and smiles on you with cheer sublime.

xlii

lowther! in thy majestic pile are seen

cathedral pomp and grace, in apt accord

with the baronial castle’s sterner mien;

union significant of god adored,

and charters won and guarded by the sword

5

of ancient honour; whence that goodly state

of polity which wise men venerate,

and will maintain, if god his help afford.

hourly the democratic torrent swells;

for airy promises and hopes suborned

10

the strength of backward-looking thoughts is scorned.

fall if ye must, ye towers and pinnacles,

with what ye symbolise; authentic story

will say, ye disappeared with england’s glory!

xliii

to the earl of lonsdale

“magistratus indicat virum.”

lonsdale! it were unworthy of a guest,

whose heart with gratitude to thee inclines,

if he should speak, by fancy touched, of signs

on thy abode harmoniously imprest,

  “this sonnet was written immediately after certain trials, which took place at the cumberland assizes,  when  the  earl  of  lonsdale,  in  consequence  of  repeated  and  long  continued

attacks upon his character, through the local press, had thought it right to prosecute the

conductors and proprietors of three several journals. a verdict of libel was given in one

case; and in the others, the prosecutions were withdrawn, upon the individuals retracting

and disavowing the charges, expressing regret that they had been made, and promising

to abstain from the like in future.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 509

yet be unmoved with wishes to attest

5

how in thy mind and moral frame agree

fortitude and that christian charity

which, filling, consecrates the human breast.

and if the motto on thy ’scutcheon teach

with truth, “the magistracy shows the man:”

10

that searching test thy public course has stood;

as will be owned alike by bad and good,

soon as the measuring of life’s little span

shall place thy virtues out of envy’s reach.

xliv

to cordelia m——, hallsteads, ullswater

not in the mines beyond the western main,

you tell me, delia! was the metal sought,

which a fine skill, of indian growth, has wrought

into this flexible yet faithful chain;

nor is it silver of romantic spain

5

you say, but from helvellyn’s depths was brought,

our own domestic mountain. thing and thought

mix strangely; trifles light, and partly vain,

can prop, as you have learnt, our nobler being:

yes, lady, while about your neck is wound

10

(your casual glance oft meeting) this bright cord,

what witchery, for pure gifts of inward seeing,

lurks in it, memory’s helper, fancy’s lord,

for precious tremblings in your bosom found!

xlv

conclusion

most sweet it is with unuplifted eyes

to pace the ground, if path be there or none,

while a fair region round the traveller lies

which he forbears again to look upon;

pleased rather with some soft ideal scene,

5

the work of fancy, or some happy tone

of meditation, slipping in between

the beauty coming and the beauty gone.

510 the poems of william wordsworth

if thought and love desert us, from that day

let us break off all commerce with the muse;

10

with thought and love companions of our way,

whate’er the senses take or may refuse,

the mind’s internal heaven shall shed her dews

of inspiration on the humblest lay.

[poems not included in series as first published]

the monument commonly called long meg and her daughters,

near the river eden

a weight of awe not easy to be borne

fell suddenly upon my spirit-cast

from the dread bosom of the unknown past,

when first i saw that sisterhood forlorn;

and her, whose massy strength and stature scorn

5

the power of years—pre-eminent, and placed

apart-to overlook the circle vast.

speak, giant-mother! tell it to the morn

while she dispels the cumbrous shades of night;

let the moon hear, emerging from a cloud,

10

at whose behest uprose on british ground

thy progeny; in hieroglyphic round

forth-shadowing, some have deemed, the infinite,

the inviolable god, that tames the proud!

written in a blank leaf of macpherson’s ossian

oft have i caught from fitful breeze

fragments of far-off melodies,

with ear not coveting the whole,

a part so charmed the pensive soul:

while a dark storm before my sight

5

was yielding, on a mountain height

  “the daughters of long meg, placed in a perfect circle eighty yards in diameter, are sev-

enty-two in number, and their height is from three feet to so many yards above ground;

a little way out of the circle stands long meg herself, a single stone, eighteen feet high.

when the author first saw this monument, as he came upon it by surprise, he might over-

rate its importance as an object; but, though it will not bear a comparison with stonehenge,

he must say, he has not seen any other relique of those dark ages, which can pretend to

rival it in singularity and dignity of appearance.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 511

loose vapours have i watched, that won

prismatic colours from the sun;

nor felt a wish that heaven would show

the image of its perfect bow.

10

what need, then, of these finished strains?

away with counterfeit remains!

an abbey in its lone recess,

a temple of the wilderness,

wrecks though they be, announce with feeling

15

the majesty of honest dealing.

spirit of ossian! if imbound

in language thou may’st yet be found,

if aught (intrusted to the pen

or floating on the tongues of men,

20

albeit shattered and impaired)

subsist thy dignity to guard,

in concert with memorial claim

of old grey stone, and high-born name,

that cleaves to rock or pillared cave,

25

where moans the blast, or beats the wave,

let truth, stern arbitress of all,

interpret that original,

and for presumptuous wrongs atone;

authentic words be given, or none!

30

time is not blind;—yet he, who spares

pyramid pointing to the stars,

hath preyed with ruthless appetite

on all that marked the primal flight

of the poetic ecstasy

35

into the land of mystery.

no tongue is able to rehearse

one measure, orpheus! of thy verse;

musæus, stationed with his lyre

supreme among the elysian quire,

40

is, for the dwellers upon earth,

mute as a lark ere morning’s birth.

why grieve for these, though passed away

the music, and extinct the lay?

when thousands, by severer doom,

45

512 the poems of william wordsworth

full early to the silent tomb

have sunk, at nature’s call; or strayed

from hope or promise, self-betrayed;

the garland withering on their brows;

stung with remorse for broken vows;

50

frantic—else how might they rejoice?

and friendless, by their own sad choice.

hail, bards of mightier grasp! on you

i chiefly call, the chosen few,

who cast not off the acknowledged guide,

55

who faltered not, nor turned aside;

whose lofty genius could survive

privation, under sorrow thrive;

in whom the fiery muse revered

the symbol of a snow-white beard,

60

bedewed with meditative tears

dropped from the lenient cloud of years.

brothers in soul! though distant times

produced you, nursed in various climes,

ye, when the orb of life had waned,

65

a plenitude of love retained;

hence, while in you each sad regret

by corresponding love was met,

ye lingered among human kind,

sweet voices for the passing wind;

70

departing sunbeams, loth to stop,

though smiling on the last hill top!

such to the tender-hearted maid

even ere her joys begin to fade;

such, haply, to the rugged chief

75

by fortune crushed, or tamed by grief;

appears, on morven’s lonely shore,

dim-gleaming through imperfect lore,

the son of fingal; such was blind

mæonides of ampler mind;

80

such milton, to the fountain head

of glory by urania led!

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 513

the somnambulist

1

list, ye who pass by lyulph’s tower

at eve; how softly then

doth aira-force, that torrent hoarse,

speak from the woody glen!

fit music for a solemn vale!

5

and holier seems the ground

to him who catches on the gale

the spirit of a mournful tale,

embodied in the sound.

2

not far from that fair site whereon

10

the pleasure-house is reared,

as story says, in antique days,

a stern-brow’d house appeared;

foil to a jewel rich in light

there set, and guarded well;

15

cage for a bird of plumage bright,

sweet-voiced, nor wishing for a flight

beyond her native dell.

3

to win this bright bird from her cage,

to make this gem their own,

20

came barons bold, with store of gold,

and knights of high renown;

but one she prized, and only one;

sir eglamore was he;

full happy season, when was known,

25

ye dales and hills! to you alone

their mutual loyalty—

4

known chiefly, aira! to thy glen,

thy brook, and bowers of holly;

  “a pleasure-house built by the late duke of norfolk upon the banks of ullswater. force is

the word used in the lake district for water-fall.” ww

514 the poems of william wordsworth

where passion caught what nature taught,

30

that all but love is folly;

where fact with fancy stooped to play,

doubt came not, nor regret;

to trouble hours that winged their way,

as if through an immortal day

35

whose sun could never set.

5

but in old times love dwelt not long

sequester’d with repose;

best throve the fire of chaste desire,

fanned by the breath of foes.

40

“a conquering lance is beauty’s test,

“and proves the lover true;”

so spake sir eglamore, and pressed

the drooping emma to his breast,

and looked a blind adieu.

45

6

they parted.—well with him it fared

through wide-spread regions errant;

a knight of proof in love’s behoof,

the thirst of fame his warrant:

and she her happiness can build

50

on woman’s quiet hours;

though faint, compared with spear and shield,

the solace beads and masses yield,

and needlework and flowers.

7

yet blest was emma when she heard

55

her champion’s praise recounted;

though brain would swim, and eyes grow dim,

and high her blushes mounted;

or when a bold heroic lay

she warbled from full heart:

60

delightful blossoms for the may

of absence! but they will not stay,

born only to depart.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 515

8

hope wanes with her, while lustre fills

whatever path he chooses;

65

as if his orb, that owns no curb,

received the light hers loses.

he comes not back; an ampler space

requires for nobler deeds;

he ranges on from place to place,

70

till of his doings is no trace

but what her fancy breeds.

9

his fame may spread, but in the past

her spirit finds its centre;

clear sight she has of what he was,

75

and that would now content her.

“still is he my devoted knight?”

the tear in answer flows;

month falls on month with heavier weight;

day sickens round her, and the night

80

is empty of repose.

10

in sleep she sometimes walked abroad,

deep sighs with quick words blending,

like that pale queen whose hands are seen

with fancied spots contending;

85

but she is innocent of blood,—

the moon is not more pure

that shines aloft, while through the wood

she thrids her way, the sounding flood

her melancholy lure!

90

11

while ’mid the fern-brake sleeps the doe,

and owls alone are waking,

in white arrayed, glides on the maid

the downward pathway taking,

that leads her to the torrent’s side

95

and to a holly bower;

516 the poems of william wordsworth

by whom on this still night descried?

by whom in that lone place espied?

by thee, sir eglamore!

12

a wandering ghost, so thinks the knight,

100

his coming step has thwarted,

beneath the boughs that heard their vows,

within whose shade they parted.

hush, hush, the busy sleeper see!

perplexed her fingers seem,

105

as if they from the holly tree

green twigs would pluck, as rapidly

flung from her to the stream.

13

what means the spectre? why intent

to violate the tree,

110

thought eglamore, by which i swore

unfading constancy?

here am i, and to-morrow’s sun,

to her i left, shall prove

that bliss is ne’er so surely won

115

as when a circuit has been run

of valour, truth, and love.

14

so from the spot whereon he stood,

he moved with stealthy pace;

and, drawing nigh, with his living eye,

120

he recognised the face;

and whispers caught, and speeches small,

some to the green-leaved tree,

some muttered to the torrent-fall,—

“roar on, and bring him with thy call;

125

“i heard, and so may he!”

15

soul-shattered was the knight, nor knew

if emma’s ghost it were,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 517

or boding shade, or if the maid

her very self stood there.

130

he touched, what followed who shall tell?

the soft touch snapped the thread

of slumber—shrieking back she fell,

and the stream whirled her down the dell

along its foaming bed.

135

16

in plunged the knight! when on firm ground

the rescued maiden lay,

her eyes grew bright with blissful light,

confusion passed away;

she heard, ere to the throne of grace

140

her faithful spirit flew,

his voice; beheld his speaking face,

and, dying, from his own embrace,

she felt that he was true.

17

so was he reconciled to life:

145

brief words may speak the rest;

within the dell he built a cell,

and there was sorrow’s guest;

in hermits’ weeds repose he found,

from vain temptations free;

150

beside the torrent dwelling—bound

by one deep heart-controlling sound,

and awed to piety.

18

wild stream of aira, hold thy course,

nor fear memorial lays,

155

where clouds that spread in solemn shade,

are edged with golden rays!

dear art thou to the light of heaven,

though minister of sorrow;

sweet is thy voice at pensive even;

160

and thou, in lovers’ hearts forgiven,

shalt take thy place with yarrow!

518 the poems of william wordsworth

stanzas

suggested in a steam-boat off st. bees’ heads, on the coast of

cumberland

[st. bees’ heads, anciently called the cliff of baruth, are a conspicuous sea-

mark for all vessels sailing in the n.e. parts of the irish sea. in a bay, one

side of which is formed by the southern headland, stands the village of st.

bees; a place distinguished, from very early times, for its religious and scho-

lastic foundations.

“st. bees,” say nicholson and burns, “had its name from bega, an holy

woman from ireland, who is said to have founded here, about the year of our

lord 650, a small monastery, where afterwards a church was built in memory

of her.

“the aforesaid religious house, being destroyed by the danes, was

restored by william de meschiens, son of ranulph, and brother of ranulph

de meschiens, first earl of cumberland after the conquest; and made a cell of

a prior and six benedictine monks to the abbey of st. mary at york.”

several traditions of miracles, connected with the foundation of the first

of these religious houses, survive among the people of the neighbourhood;

one of which is alluded to in the following stanzas; and another, of a some-

what bolder and more peculiar character, has furnished the subject of a spir-

ited poem by the rev. r. parkinson, m.a., late divinity lecturer of st. bees’

college, and now fellow of the collegiate church of manchester.

after the dissolution of the monasteries, archbishop grindal founded a free

school at st. bees, from which the counties of cumberland and westmoreland

have derived great benefit; and recently, under the patronage of the earl of

lonsdale, a college has been established there for the education of ministers

for the english church. the old conventual church has been repaired under

the superintendence of the rev. dr. ainger, the head of the college; and is

well worthy of being visited by any strangers who might be led to the neigh-

bourhood of this celebrated spot.

the form of stanza in the following piece, and something in the style of

versification, are adopted from the “st. monica,” a poem of much beauty

upon a monastic subject, by charlotte smith: a lady to whom english verse

is under greater obligations, than are likely to be either acknowledged or

remembered. she wrote little, and that little unambitiously, but with true feel-

ing for nature.]

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 519

stanzas

suggested in a steam-boat off st. bees’ heads

1

if life were slumber on a bed of down,

toil unimposed, vicissitude unknown,

sad were our lot: no hunter of the hare

exults like him whose javelin from the lair

has roused the lion; no one plucks the rose,

5

whose proffered beauty in safe shelter blows

’mid a trim garden’s summer luxuries,

with joy like his who climbs on hands and knees,

for some rare plant, yon headland of st. bees.

2

this independence upon oar and sail,

10

this new indifference to breeze or gale,

this straight-lined progress, furrowing a flat lea,

and regular as if locked in certainty,

depress the hours. up, spirit of the storm!

that courage may find something to perform;

15

that fortitude, whose blood disdains to freeze

at danger’s bidding, may confront the seas,

firm as the towering headlands of st. bees.

3

dread cliff of baruth! that wild wish may sleep,

bold as if men and creatures of the deep

20

breathed the same element: too many wrecks

have struck thy sides, too many ghastly decks

hast thou looked down upon, that such a thought

should here be welcome, and in verse enwrought:

with thy stern aspect better far agrees

25

utterance of thanks that we have past with ease,

as millions thus shall do, the headlands of st. bees.

4

yet, while each useful art augments her store,

what boots the gain if nature should lose more?

520 the poems of william wordsworth

and wisdom, that once held a christian place

30

in man’s intelligence sublimed by grace?

when bega sought of yore the cumbrian coast,

tempestuous winds her holy errand cross’d;

as high and higher heaved the billows, faith

grew with them, mightier than the powers of death.

35

she knelt in prayer—the waves their wrath appease;

and, from her vow well weighed in heaven’s decrees,

rose, where she touched the strand, the chauntry of st. bees.

5

“cruel of heart were they, bloody of hand,”

who in these wilds then struggled for command;

40

the strong were merciless, without hope the weak;

till this bright stranger came, fair as day-break,

and as a cresset true that darts its length

of beamy lustre from a tower of strength;

guiding the mariner through troubled seas,

45

and cheering oft his peaceful reveries,

like the fixed light that crowns yon headland of st. bees.

6

to aid the votaress, miracles believed

wrought in men’s minds, like miracles achieved;

so piety took root; and song might tell

50

what humanizing virtues round her cell

sprang up, and spread their fragrance wide around;

how savage bosoms melted at the sound

of gospel-truth enchained in harmonies

wafted o’er waves, or creeping through close trees,

55

from her religious mansion of st. bees.

7

when her sweet voice, that instrument of love,

was glorified, and took its place, above

the silent stars, among the angelic quire,

her chauntry blazed with sacrilegious fire,

60

and perished utterly; but her good deeds

had sown the spot that witnessed them with seeds

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 521

which lay in earth expectant, till a breeze

with quickening impulse answered their mute pleas,

and lo! a statelier pile, the abbey of st. bees.

65

8

there were the naked clothed, the hungry fed;

and charity extended to the dead

her intercessions made for the soul’s rest

of tardy penitents; or for the best

among the good (when love might else have slept,

70

sickened, or died) in pious memory kept.

thanks to the austere and simple devotees,

who, to that service bound by venial fees,

kept watch before the altars of st. bees.

9

were not, in sooth, their requiems sacred ties

75

woven out of passion’s sharpest agonies,

subdued, composed, and formalized by art,

to fix a wiser sorrow in the heart?

the prayer for them whose hour was past away

said to the living, profit while ye may!

80

a little part, and that the worst, he sees

who thinks that priestly cunning holds the keys

that best unlock the secrets of st. bees.

10

conscience, the timid being’s inmost light,

hope of the dawn and solace of the night,

85

cheers these recluses with a steady ray

in many an hour when judgement goes astray.

ah! scorn not hastily their rule who try

earth to despise, and flesh to mortify;

consume with zeal, in winged extacies

90

of prayer and praise forget their rosaries,

nor hear the loudest surges of st. bees.

  for ww’s note on “sacred ties” see the notes at the end of this volume.

522 the poems of william wordsworth

11

yet none so prompt to succour and protect

the forlorn traveller, or sailor wrecked

on the bare coast; nor do they grudge the boon

95

which staff and cockle hat and sandal shoon

claim for the pilgrim: and, though chidings sharp

may sometimes greet the strolling minstrel’s harp,

it is not then when, swept with sportive ease,

it charms a feast-day throng of all degrees,

100

brightening the archway of revered st. bees.

12

how did the cliffs and echoing hills rejoice

what time the benedictine brethren’s voice,

imploring, or commanding with meet pride,

summoned the chiefs to lay their feuds aside,

105

and under one blest ensign serve the lord

in palestine. advance, indignant sword!

flaming till thou from panym hands release

that tomb, dread centre of all sanctities

nursed in the quiet abbey of st. bees.

110

13

on, champions, on!—but mark! the passing day

submits her intercourse to milder sway,

with high and low whose busy thoughts from far

follow the fortunes which they may not share.

while in judea fancy loves to roam,

115

she helps to make a holy-land at home:

the star of bethlehem from its sphere invites

to sound the crystal depth of maiden rights;

and wedded life, through scriptural mysteries,

heavenward ascends with all her charities,

120

taught by the hooded celibates of st. bees.

14

who with the ploughshare clove the barren moors,

and to green meadows changed the swampy shores?

thinned the rank woods; and for the cheerful grange

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 523

made room where wolf and boar were used to range?

125

who taught, and showed by deeds, that gentler chains

should bind the vassal to his lord’s domains?

the thoughtful monks, intent their god to please,

for christ’s dear sake, by human sympathies

poured from the bosom of thy church, st. bees!

130

15

but all availed not; by a mandate given

through lawless will the brotherhood was driven

forth from their cells;—their ancient house laid low

in reformation’s sweeping overthrow.

but now once more the local heart revives,

135

the inextinguishable spirit strives.

oh may that power who hushed the stormy seas,

and cleared a way for the first votaries,

prosper the new-born college of st. bees!

16

alas! the genius of our age from schools

140

less humble draws her lessons, aims, and rules.

to prowess guided by her insight keen

matter and spirit are as one machine;

boastful idolatress of formal skill

she in her own would merge the eternal will:

145

expert to move in paths that newton trod,

from newton’s universe would banish god.

better, if reason’s triumphs match with these,

her flight before the bold credulities

that furthered the first teaching of st. bees.

150

524

memorials of a tour in italy. 1837

memorials of a tour in italy

1837

to henry crabb robinson.

companion! by whose buoyant spirit cheered,

to whose experience trusting, day by day

treasures i gained with zeal that neither feared

the toils nor felt the crosses of the way,

these records take, and happy should i be

5

were but the gift a meet return to thee

for kindnesses that never ceased to flow,

and prompt self-sacrifice to which i owe

far more than any heart but mine can know.

w. wordsworth.

rydal mount,

feb. 14 th, 1842 .

the tour of which the following poems are very inadequate remembrances

was shortened by report, too well founded, of the prevalence of cholera at

naples. to make some amends for what was reluctantly left unseen in the

south of italy, we visited the tuscan sanctuaries among the apennines, and

the principal italian lakes among the alps. neither of those lakes, nor of

venice, is there any notice in these poems, chiefly because i have touched

upon them elsewhere. see, in particular, “descriptive sketches,” “memorials

of a tour on the continent in 1820,” and a sonnet upon the extinction of the

venetian republic.

musings near aquapendente

april 1837

ye apennines! with all your fertile vales

  ww’s  notes  are  those  published  with  the  series  in  poems, chiefly of early and late years,  1842. for the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and itinerary poems, 820–845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 73–739, and

795–809.

2  ww’s  notes  are  those  published  with  the  series  in  poems, chiefly of early and late sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 525

deeply embosomed, and your winding shores

of either sea, an islander by birth,

a mountaineer by habit, would resound

your praise, in meet accordance with your claims

5

bestowed by nature, or from man’s great deeds

inherited:—presumptuous thought!—it fled

like vapour, like a towering cloud dissolved.

not, therefore, shall my mind give way to sadness;—

yon snow-white torrent-fall, plumb down it drops

10

yet ever hangs or seems to hang in air,

lulling the leisure of that high perched town,

aquapendente, in her lofty site

its neighbour and its namesake—town, and flood

forth flashing out of its own gloomy chasm

15

bright sunbeams—the fresh verdure of this lawn

strewn with grey rocks, and on the horizon’s verge,

o’er intervenient waste, through glimmering haze,

unquestionably kenned, that cone-shaped hill

with fractured summit, no indifferent sight

20

to travellers, from such comforts as are thine,

bleak radicofani! escaped with joy—

these are before me; and the varied scene

may well suffice, till noon-tide’s sultry heat

relax, to fix and satisfy the mind

25

passive yet pleased. what! with this broom in flower

close at my side. she bids me fly to greet

her sisters, soon like her to be attired

with golden blossoms opening at the feet

of my own fairfield. the glad greeting given,

30

given with a voice and by a look returned

of old companionship, time counts not minutes

ere, from accustomed paths, familiar fields,

the local genius hurries me aloft,

transported over that cloud-wooing hill,

35

seat sandal, a fond suitor of the clouds,

with dream-like smoothness, to helvellyn’s top,

there to alight upon crisp moss and range,

years, 842. for the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and itinerary poems, 1820–1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 73–739, and

795–809.

526 the poems of william wordsworth

obtaining ampler boon, at every step,

of visual sovereignty—hills multitudinous,

40

(not apennine can boast of fairer) hills

pride of two nations, wood and lake and plains,

and prospect right below of deep coves shaped

by skeleton arms, that, from the mountain’s trunk

extended, clasp the winds, with mutual moan

45

struggling for liberty, while undismayed

the shepherd struggles with them. onward thence

and downward by the skirt of greenside fell,

and by glenridding-screes, and low glencoign,

places forsaken now, but loving still

50

the muses, as they loved them in the days

of the old minstrels and the border bards.—

but here am i fast bound;—and let it pass,

the simple rapture;—who that travels far

to feed his mind with watchful eyes could share

55

or wish to share it?—one there surely was,

“the wizard of the north,” with anxious hope

brought to this genial climate, when disease

preyed upon body and mind—yet not the less

had his sunk eye kindled at those dear words

60

that spake of bards and minstrels; and his spirit

had flown with mine to old helvellyn’s brow,

where once together, in his day of strength,

we stood rejoicing, as if earth were free

from sorrow, like the sky above our heads.

65

years followed years, and when, upon the eve

of his last going from tweed-side, thought turned,

or by another’s sympathy was led,

to this bright land, hope was for him no friend,

knowledge no help; imagination shaped

70

no promise. still, in more than ear-deep seats,

survives for me, and cannot but survive

the tone of voice which wedded borrowed words

to sadness not their own, when, with faint smile

forced by intent to take from speech its edge,

75

he said, “when i am there, although ’tis fair,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 527

“twill be another yarrow.” prophecy

more than fulfilled, as gay campania’s shores

soon witnessed, and the city of seven hills,

her sparkling fountains, and her mouldering tombs;

80

and more than all, that eminence which showed

her splendors, seen, not felt, the while he stood

a few short steps (painful they were) apart

from tasso’s convent-haven, and retired grave.

peace to their spirits! why should poesy

85

yield to the lure of vain regret, and hover

in gloom on wings with confidence outspread

to move in sunshine?—utter thanks, my soul!

tempered with awe, and sweetened by compassion

for them who in the shades of sorrow dwell,

90

that i—so near the term to human life

appointed by man’s common heritage,

frail as the frailest, one withal (if that

deserve a thought) but little known to fame—

am free to rove where nature’s loveliest looks,

95

art’s noblest relics, history’s rich bequests,

failed to reanimate and but feebly cheered

the whole world’s darling—free to rove at will

o’er high and low, and if requiring rest,

rest from enjoyment only.

thanks poured forth

100

for what thus far hath blessed my wanderings, thanks

fervent but humble as the lips can breathe

where gladness seems a duty—let me guard

those seeds of expectation which the fruit

already gathered in this favoured land

105

enfolds within its core. the faith be mine,

that he who guides and governs all, approves

when gratitude, though disciplined to look

beyond these transient spheres, doth wear a crown

of earthly hope put on with trembling hand;

110

  “these words were quoted to me from “yarrow unvisited,” by sir walter scott when i vis-

ited him at abbotsford, a day or two before his departure for italy: and the affecting condi-

tion in which he was when he looked upon rome from the janicular mount, was reported

to me by a lady who had the honour of conducting him thither.” ww

for  yarrow unvisited, see vol. 2 of this edition.

528 the poems of william wordsworth

nor is least pleased, we trust, when golden beams,

reflected through the mists of age, from hours

of innocent delight, remote or recent,

shoot but a little way—’tis all they can—

into the doubtful future. who would keep

115

power must resolve to cleave to it through life,

else it deserts him, surely as he lives.

saints would not grieve nor guardian angels frown

if one—while tossed, as was my lot to be,

in a frail bark urged by two slender oars

120

over waves rough and deep, that, when they broke

dashed their white foam against the palace walls

of genoa the superb—should there be led

to meditate upon his own appointed tasks,

however humble in themselves, with thoughts

125

raised and sustained by memory of him

who oftentimes within those narrow bounds

rocked on the surge, there tried his spirit’s strength

and grasp of purpose, long ere sailed his ship

to lay a new world open.

nor less prized

130

be those impressions which incline the heart

to mild, to lowly, and to seeming weak,

bend that way her desires. the dew, the storm—

the dew whose moisture fell in gentle drops

on the small hyssop destined to become,

135

by hebrew ordinance devoutly kept,

a purifying instrument—the storm

that shook on lebanon the cedar’s top,

and as it shook, enabling the blind roots

further to force their way, endowed its trunk

140

with magnitude and strength fit to uphold

the glorious temple—did alike proceed

from the same gracious will, were both an offspring

of bounty infinite.

between powers that aim

higher to lift their lofty heads, impelled

145

by no profane ambition, powers that thrive

by conflict, and their opposites, that trust

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 529

in lowliness—a mid-way tract there lies

of thoughtful sentiment for every mind

pregnant with good. young, middle-aged, and old,

150

from century on to century, must have known

the emotion—nay, more fitly were it said—

the blest tranquillity that sunk so deep

into my spirit, when i paced, enclosed

in pisa’s campo santo, the smooth floor

155

of its arcades paved with sepulchral slabs,

and through each window’s open fret-work looked

o’er the blank area of sacred earth

fetched from mount calvary, or haply delved

in precincts nearer to the saviour’s tomb,

160

by hands of men, humble as brave, who fought

for its deliverance—a capacious field

that to descendants of the dead it holds

and to all living mute memento breathes,

more touching far than aught which on the walls

165

is pictured, or their epitaphs can speak,

of the changed city’s long-departed power,

glory, and wealth, which, perilous as they are,

here did not kill, but nourished, piety.

and, high above that length of cloistral roof,

170

peering in air and backed by azure sky,

to kindred contemplations ministers

the baptistery’s dome, and that which swells

from the cathedral pile; and with the twain

conjoined in prospect mutable or fixed

175

(as hurry on in eagerness the feet,

or pause) the summit of the leaning-tower.

not less remuneration waits on him

who having left the cemetery stands

in the tower’s shadow, of decline and fall

180

admonished not without some sense of fear,

fear that soon vanishes before the sight

of splendor unextinguished, pomp unscathed,

and beauty unimpaired. grand in itself,

and for itself, the assemblage, grand and fair

185

to view, and for the mind’s consenting eye

530 the poems of william wordsworth

a type of age in man, upon its front

bearing the world-acknowledged evidence

of past exploits, nor fondly after more

struggling against the stream of destiny,

190

but with its peaceful majesty content.

—oh what a spectacle at every turn

the place unfolds, from pavement skinned with moss,

or grass-grown spaces, where the heaviest foot

provokes no echoes, but must softly tread;

195

where solitude with silence paired stops short

of desolation, and to ruin’s scythe

decay submits not.

but where’er my steps

shall wander, chiefly let me cull with care

those images of genial beauty, oft

200

too lovely to be pensive in themselves

but by reflexion made so, which do best,

and fitliest serve to crown with fragrant wreaths

life’s cup when almost filled with years, like mine.

—how lovely robed in forenoon light and shade,

205

each ministering to each, didst thou appear

savona, queen of territory fair

as aught that marvellous coast thro’ all its length

yields to the stranger’s eye. remembrance holds

as a selected treasure thy one cliff,

210

that, while it wore for melancholy crest

a shattered convent, yet rose proud to have

clinging to its steep sides a thousand herbs

and shrubs, whose pleasant looks gave proof how kind

the breath of air can be where earth had else

215

seemed churlish. and behold, both far and near,

garden and field all decked with orange bloom,

and peach and citron, in spring’s mildest breeze

expanding; and, along the smooth shore curved

into a natural port, a tideless sea,

220

to that mild breeze with motion and with voice

softly responsive; and, attuned to all

those vernal charms of sight and sound, appeared

smooth space of turf which from the guardian fort

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 531

sloped seaward, turf whose tender april green,

225

in coolest climes too fugitive, might even here

plead with the sovereign sun for longer stay

than his unmitigated beams allow,

nor plead in vain, if beauty could preserve,

from mortal change, aught that is born on earth

230

or doth on time depend.

while on the brink

of that high convent-crested cliff i stood,

modest savona! over all did brood

a pure poetic spirit—as the breeze,

mild—as the verdure, fresh—the sunshine, bright,

235

thy gentle chiabrera!—not a stone,

mural or level with the trodden floor,

in church or chapel, if my curious quest

missed not the truth, retains a single name

of young or old, warrior, or saint, or sage,

240

to whose dear memories his sepulchral verse

paid simple tribute, such as might have flowed

from the clear spring of a plain english heart,

say rather, one in native fellowship

with all who want not skill to couple grief

245

with praise, as genuine admiration prompts.

the grief, the praise, are severed from their dust,

yet in his page the records of that worth

survive, uninjured;—glory then to words,

honour to word-preserving arts, and hail

250

ye kindred local influences that still,

if hope’s familiar whispers merit faith,

await my steps when they the breezy height

shall range of philosophic tusculum;

or sabine vales explored inspire a wish

255

to meet the shade of horace by the side

of his bandusian fount; or i invoke

his presence to point out the spot where once

he sate, and eulogized with earnest pen

peace, leisure, freedom, moderate desires;

260

1 “if any english reader should be desirous of knowing how far i am justified in thus describing the epitaphs of chiabrera, he will find translated specimens of them in the 5th volume

of my poems.” ww

532 the poems of william wordsworth

and all the immunities of rural life

extolled, behind vacuna’s crumbling fane.

or let me loiter, soothed with what is given,

nor asking more on that delicious bay,

parthenope’s domain—virgilian haunt,

265

illustrated with never-dying verse,

and, by the poet’s laurel-shaded tomb,

age after age to pilgrims from all lands

endeared.

and who—if not a man as cold

in heart as dull in brain—while pacing ground

270

chosen by rome’s legendary bards, high minds

out of her early struggles well inspired

to localize heroic acts—could look

upon the spots with undelighted eye,

though even to their last syllable the lays

275

and very names of those who gave them birth

have perished?—verily, to her utmost depth,

imagination feels what reason fears not

to recognize, the lasting virtue lodged

in those bold fictions that, by deeds assigned

280

to the valerian, fabian, curian race,

and others like in fame, created powers

with attributes from history derived,

by poesy irradiate, and yet graced,

through marvellous felicity of skill,

285

with something more propitious to high aims

than either, pent within her separate sphere,

can oft with justice claim.

and not disdaining

union with those primeval energies

to virtue consecrate, stoop ye from your height

290

christian traditions! at my spirit’s call

descend, and, on the brow of ancient rome

as she survives in ruin, manifest

your glories mingled with the brightest hues

of her memorial halo, fading, fading,

295

but never to be extinct while earth endures.

o come, if undishonoured by the prayer,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 533

from all her sanctuaries!—open for my feet

ye catacombs, give to mine eyes a glimpse

of the devout, as, mid your glooms convened

300

for safety, they of yore enclasped the cross

on knees that ceased from trembling, or intoned

their orisons with voices half-suppressed,

but sometimes heard, or fancies to be heard,

even at this hour.

and thou mamertine prison,

305

into that vault receive me from whose depth

issues, revealed in no presumptuous vision,

albeit lifting human to divine,

a saint, the church’s rock, the mystic keys

grasped in his hand; and lo! with upright sword

310

prefiguring his own impendent doom,

the apostle of the gentiles; both prepared

to suffer pains with heathen scorn and hate

inflicted;—blessed men, for so to heaven

they follow their dear lord!

time flows—nor winds,

315

nor stagnates, nor precipitates his course,

but many a benefit borne upon his breast

for human-kind sinks out of sight, is gone,

no one knows how; nor seldom is put forth

an angry arm that snatches good away,

320

never perhaps to reappear. the stream

has to our generation brought and brings

innumerable gains; yet we, who now

walk in the light of day, pertain full surely

to a chilled age, most pitiably shut out

325

from that which is and actuates, by forms,

abstractions, and by lifeless fact to fact

minutely linked with diligence uninspired,

unrectified, unguided, unsustained,

by godlike insight. to this fate is doomed

330

science, wide-spread and spreading still as be

her conquests, in the world of sense made known.

so with the internal mind it fares; and so

with morals, trusting, in contempt or fear

534 the poems of william wordsworth

of vital principle’s controlling law,

335

to her pur-blind guide expediency; and so

suffers religious faith. elate with view

of what is won, we overlook or scorn

the best that should keep pace with it, and must,

else more and more the general mind will droop,

340

even as if bent on perishing. there lives

no faculty within us which the soul

can spare, and humblest earthly weal demands,

for dignity not placed beyond her reach,

zealous co-operation of all means

345

given or acquired, to raise us from the mire,

and liberate our hearts from low pursuits.

by gross utilities enslaved we need

more of ennobling impulse from the past,

if to the future aught of good must come

350

sounder and therefore holier than the ends

which, in the giddiness of self applause,

we covet as supreme. o grant the crown

that wisdom wears, or take his treacherous staff

from knowledge!—if the muse, whom i have served

355

this day, be mistress of a single pearl

fit to be placed in that pure diadem;

then, not in vain, under these chesnut boughs

reclined, shall i have yielded up my soul

to transports from the secondary founts

360

flowing of time and place, and paid to both

due homage; nor shall fruitlessly have striven,

by love of beauty moved, to enshrine in verse

accordant meditations, which in times

vexed and disordered, as our own, may shed

365

influence, at least among a scattered few,

to soberness of mind and peace of heart

friendly; as here to my repose hath been

this flowering broom’s dear neighbourhood, the light

and murmur issuing from yon pendent flood,

370

and all the varied landscape. let us now

rise, and to-morrow greet magnificent rome.

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 535

i

the pine of monte mario at rome

i saw far off the dark top of a pine

look like a cloud—a slender stem the tie

that bound it to its native earth—poised high

’mid evening hues, along the horizon line,

striving in peace each other to outshine.

5

but when i learned the tree was living there,

saved from the sordid axe by beaumont’s care,

oh, what a gush of tenderness was mine!

the rescued pine-tree, with its sky so bright

and cloud-like beauty, rich in thoughts of home,

10

death-parted friends, and days too swift in flight,

supplanted the whole majesty of rome

(then first apparent from the pincian height)

crowned with st. peter’s everlasting dome.

ii

at rome

is this, ye gods, the capitolian hill?

yon petty steep in truth the fearful rock,

tarpeian named of yore, and keeping still

that name, a local phantom proud to mock

the traveller’s expectation?—could our will

5

destroy the ideal power within, ’twere done

thro’ what men see and touch,—slaves wandering on,

impelled by thirst of all but heaven-taught skill.

full oft, our wish obtained, deeply we sigh;

yet not unrecompensed are they who learn,

10

from that depression raised, to mount on high

with stronger wing, more clearly to discern

eternal things; and, if need be, defy

change, with a brow not insolent, though stern.

  “within a couple of hours of my arrival at rome, i saw from monte pincio, the pine tree

as described in the sonnet; and, while expressing admiration at the beauty of its appear-

ance, i was told by an acquaintance of my fellow-traveller, who happened to join us at the

moment, that a price had been paid for it by the late sir g. beaumont, upon condition that

the proprietor should not act upon his known intention of cutting it down.” ww

536 the poems of william wordsworth

iii

at rome.—regrets.—in allusion to niebuhr

and other modern historians

those old credulities, to nature dear,

shall they no longer bloom upon the stock

of history, stript naked as a rock

’mid a dry desert? what is it we hear?

the glory of infant rome must disappear,

5

her morning splendors vanish, and their place

know them no more. if truth, who veiled her face

with those bright beams yet hid it not, must steer

henceforth a humbler course perplexed and slow;

one solace yet remains for us who came

10

into this world in days when story lacked

severe research, that in our hearts we know

how, for exciting youth’s heroic flame,

assent is power, belief the soul of fact.

iv

continued

complacent fictions were they, yet the same

involved a history of no doubtful sense,

history that proves by inward evidence

from what a precious source of truth it came.

ne’er could the boldest eulogist have dared

5

such deeds to paint, such characters to frame,

but for coeval sympathy prepared

to greet with instant faith their loftiest claim.

none but a noble people could have loved

flattery in ancient rome’s pure-minded style:

10

not in like sort the runic scald was moved;

he, nursed ’mid savage passions that defile

humanity, sang feats that well might call

for the blood-thirsty mead of odin’s riotous hall.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 537

v

plea for the historian

forbear to deem the chronicler unwise,

ungentle, or untouched by seemly ruth,

who, gathering up all that time’s envious tooth

has spared of sound and grave realities,

firmly rejects those dazzling flatteries,

5

dear as they are to unsuspecting youth,

that might have drawn down clio from the skies

her rights to claim, and vindicate the truth.

her faithful servants while she walked with men

were they who, not unmindful of her sire

10

all-ruling jove, whate’er their theme might be

revered her mother, sage mnemosyne,

and, at the muse’s will, invoked the lyre

to animate, but not mislead, the pen.

vi

at rome

they—who have seen the noble roman’s scorn

break forth at thought of laying down his head,

when the blank day is over, garreted

in his ancestral palace, where, from morn

to night, the desecrated floors are worn

5

by feet of purse-proud strangers; they—who have read

in one meek smile, beneath a peasant’s shed,

how patiently the weight of wrong is borne;

they—who have heard thy lettered sages treat

of freedom, with mind grasping the whole theme

10

from ancient rome, downwards through that bright dream

of commonwealths, each city a starlike seat

of rival glory; they—fallen italy—

nor must, nor will, nor can, despair of thee!

      “quem virum—lyra—

—sumes celebrare clio?” ww quotes part of horace’s  odes, i, xii, ll. –3 (“what

man, clio, will you choose to praise with your lyre”).

538 the poems of william wordsworth

vii

near rome, in sight of st. peter’s

long has the dew been dried on tree and lawn;

o’er man and beast a not unwelcome boon

is shed, the languor of approaching noon;

to shady rest withdrawing or withdrawn

mute are all creatures, as this couchant fawn,

5

save insect-swarms that hum in air afloat,

save that the cock is crowing, a shrill note,

startling and shrill as that which roused the dawn.

heard in that hour, or when, as now, the nerve

shrinks from the voice as from a mis-timed thing,

10

oft for a holy warning may it serve,

charged with remembrance of his sudden sting,

his bitter tears, whose name the papal chair

and yon resplendent church are proud to bear.

viii

at albano

days passed—and monte calvo would not clear

his head from mist; and, as the wind sobbed through

albano’s dripping ilex avenue,

my dull forebodings in a peasant’s ear

found casual vent. she said, “be of good cheer;

5

our yesterday’s procession did not sue

in vain; the sky will change to sunny blue,

thanks to our lady’s grace.” i smiled to hear,

but not in scorn:—the matron’s faith may lack

the heavenly sanction needed to ensure

10

its own fulfilment; but her upward track

stops not at this low point, nor wants the lure

of flowers the virgin without fear may own,

for by her son’s blest hand the seed was sown.

ix

near anio’s stream, i spied a gentle dove

perched on an olive branch, and heard her cooing

’mid new-born blossoms that soft airs were wooing,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 539

while all things present told of joy and love.

but restless fancy left that olive grove

5

to hail the exploratory bird renewing

hope for the few, who, at the world’s undoing,

on the great flood were spared to live and move.

o bounteous heaven! signs true as dove and bough

brought to the ark are coming evermore,

10

even though men seek them not, but, while they plough

this sea of life without a visible shore,

do neither promise ask nor grace implore

in what alone is ours, the vouchsafed now.

x

from the alban hills, looking towards rome

forgive, illustrious country! these deep sighs,

heaved less for thy bright plains and hills bestrown

with monuments decayed or overthrown,

for all that tottering stands or prostrate lies,

than for like scenes in moral vision shown,

5

ruin perceived for keener sympathies;

faith crushed, yet proud of weeds, her gaudy crown;

virtues laid low, and mouldering energies.

yet why prolong this mournful strain?—fallen power,

thy fortunes, twice exalted, might provoke

10

verse to glad notes prophetic of the hour

when thou, uprisen, shalt break thy double yoke,

and enter, with prompt aid from the most high,

on the third stage of thy great destiny.

xi

near the lake of thrasymene

when here with carthage rome to conflict came,

an earthquake, mingling with the battle’s shock,

checked not its rage; unfelt the ground did rock,

sword dropped not, javelin kept its deadly aim.—

now all is sun-bright peace. of that day’s shame,

5

or glory, not a vestige seems to endure,

save in this rill that took from blood the name

540 the poems of william wordsworth

which yet it bears, sweet stream! as crystal pure.

so may all trace and sign of deeds aloof

10

from the true guidance of humanity,

thro’ time and nature’s influence, purify

their spirit; or, unless they for reproof

or warning serve, thus let them all, on ground

that gave them being, vanish to a sound.

xii

near the same lake

for action born, existing to be tried,

powers manifold we have that intervene

to stir the heart that would too closely screen

her peace from images to pain allied.

what wonder if at midnight, by the side

5

of sanguinetto or broad thrasymene,

the clang of arms is heard, and phantoms glide,

unhappy ghosts in troops by moonlight seen;

and singly thine, o vanquished chief! whose corse,

unburied, lay hid under heaps of slain:

10

but who is he?—the conqueror. would he force

his way to rome? ah, no,—round hill and plain

wandering, he haunts, at fancy’s strong command,

this spot—his shadowy death-cup in his hand.

the cuckoo at laverna

may 25th, 1837

list—’twas the cuckoo.—o with what delight

heard i that voice! and catch it now, though faint,

far off and faint, and melting into air,

yet not to be mistaken. hark again!

  “laverna  is  one  of  the  three  famous  convents  called  the  three  tuscan  sanctuaries—

camaldoli  and  vallombrosa  are  the  other  two.  laverna  was  founded  by  s  francis  of

assissi, and the  monks are franciscans.—in the following verses i am much indebted

to a passage in a letter of one of mrs corbelins relations—which passage was suggested

by my own poem, to the cuckoo. you will see some account of these sanctuaries in the

quarto volume which you will recollect lady charlotte bury sent  me—it contains, as well

as her poem, drawings by her husband.—





transcribed at munich april 8th [8]37”

manuscript note in ww’s hand prefixed to poem in dc ms. 141.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 541

those louder cries give notice that the bird,

5

although invisible as echo’s self,

is wheeling hitherward. thanks, happy creature,

for this unthought-of greeting!

while allured

from vale to hill, from hill to vale led on,

we have pursued, through various lands, a long

10

and pleasant course; flower after flower has blown,

embellishing the ground that gave them birth

with aspects novel to my sight; but still

most fair, most welcome, when they drank the dew

in a sweet fellowship with kinds beloved,

15

for old remembrance sake. and oft—where spring

display’d her richest blossoms among files

of orange-trees bedecked with glowing fruit

ripe for the hand, or under a thick shade

of ilex, or, if better suited to the hour,

20

the lightsome olive’s twinkling canopy—

oft have i heard the nightingale and thrush

blending as in a common english grove

their love-songs; but, where’er my feet might roam,

whate’er assemblages of new and old,

25

strange and familiar, might beguile the way,

a gratulation from that vagrant voice

was wanting;—and most happily till now.

for see, laverna! mark the far-famed pile,

high on the brink of that precipitous rock,

30

implanted like a fortress, as in truth

it is, a christian fortress, garrisoned

in faith and hope, and dutiful obedience,

by a few monks, a stern society,

dead to the world and scorning earth-born joys.

35

nay—though the hopes that drew, the fears that drove,

st. francis, far from man’s resort, to abide

among these sterile heights of apennine,

bound him, nor, since he raised yon house, have ceased

to bind his spiritual progeny, with rules

40

stringent as flesh can tolerate and live;

his milder genius (thanks to the good god

542 the poems of william wordsworth

that made us) over those severe restraints

of mind, that dread heart-freezing discipline,

doth sometimes here predominate, and works

45

by unsought means for gracious purposes;

for earth through heaven, for heaven, by changeful earth,

illustrated, and mutually endeared.

rapt though he were above the power of sense,

familiarly, yet out of the cleansed heart

50

of that once sinful being overflowed

on sun, moon, stars, the nether elements,

and every shape of creature they sustain,

divine affections; and with beast and bird

(stilled from afar—such marvel story tells—

55

by casual outbreak of his passionate words,

and from their own pursuits in field or grove

drawn to his side by look or act of love

humane, and virtue of his innocent life)

he wont to hold companionship so free,

60

so pure, so fraught with knowledge and delight,

as to be likened in his followers’ minds

to that which our first parents, ere the fall

from their high state darkened the earth with fear,

held with all kinds in eden’s blissful bowers.

65

then question not that, ’mid the austere band,

who breathe the air he breathed, tread where he trod,

some true partakers of his loving spirit

do still survive, and, with those gentle hearts

consorted, others, in the power, the faith,

70

of a baptized imagination, prompt

to catch from nature’s humblest monitors

whate’er they bring of impulses sublime.

thus sensitive must be the monk, though pale

with fasts, with vigils worn, depressed by years,

75

whom in a sunny glade i chanced to see,

upon a pine-tree’s storm-uprooted trunk,

seated alone, with forehead sky-ward raised,

hands clasped above the crucifix he wore

appended to his bosom, and lips closed

80

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 543

by the joint pressure of his musing mood

and habit of his vow. that ancient man—

nor haply less the brother whom i marked,

as we approached the convent gate, aloft

looking far forth from his aerial cell,

85

a young ascetic—poet, hero, sage,

he might have been, lover belike he was—

if they received into a conscious ear

the notes whose first faint greeting startled me,

whose sedulous iteration thrilled with joy

90

my heart—may have been moved like me to think,

ah! not like me who walk in the world’s ways,

on the great prophet, styled the voice of one

crying amid the wilderness, and given,

now that their snows must melt, their herbs and flowers

95

revive, their obstinate winter pass away,

that awful name to thee, thee, simple cuckoo,

wandering in solitude, and evermore

foretelling and proclaiming, ere thou leave

this thy last haunt beneath italian skies

100

to carry thy glad tidings over heights

still loftier, and to climes more near the pole.

voice of the desert, fare-thee-well; sweet bird!

if that substantial title please thee more,

farewell!—but go thy way, no need hast thou

105

of a good wish sent after thee; from bower

to bower as green, from sky to sky as clear,

thee gentle breezes waft—or airs that meet

thy course and sport around thee softly fan—

till night, descending upon hill and vale,

110

grants to thy mission a brief term of silence,

and folds thy pinions up in blest repose.

xiii

at the convent of camaldoli

grieve for the man who hither came bereft,

and seeking consolation from above;

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

544 the poems of william wordsworth

nor grieve the less that skill to him was left

to paint this picture of his lady-love:

can she, a blessed saint, the work approve?

5

and o, good brethren of the cowl, a thing

so fair, to which with peril he must cling,

destroy in pity, or with care remove.

that bloom—those eyes—can they assist to bind

thoughts that would stray from heaven? the dream must cease

10

to be; by faith, not sight, his soul must live;

else will the enamoured monk too surely find

how wide a space can part from inward peace

the most profound repose his cell can give.

xiv

continued

the world forsaken, all its busy cares

and stirring interests shunned with desperate flight,

all trust abandoned in the healing might

of virtuous action; all that courage dares,

labour accomplishes, or patience bears—

5

those helps rejected, they, whose minds perceive

how subtly works man’s weakness, sighs may heave

for such a one beset with cloistral snares.

father of mercy! rectify his view,

if with his vows this object ill agree;

10

shed over it thy grace, and so subdue

imperious passion in a heart set free;

that earthly love may to herself be true,

give him a soul that cleaveth unto thee.

xv

at the eremite or upper convent of camaldoli

what aim had they, the pair of monks, in size

  “in justice to the benedictines of camaldoli, by whom strangers are so hospitably enter-

tained, i feel obliged to notice, that i saw among them no other figures at all resembling,

in size and complexion, the two monks described in this sonnet. what was their office,

or the motive which brought them to this place of mortification, which they could not have

approached without being carried in this or some other way, a feeling of delicacy pre-

vented me from inquiring. an account has before been given of the hermitage they were

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 545

enormous, dragged, while side by side they sate,

by panting steers up to this convent gate?

how, with empurpled cheeks and pampered eyes,

dare they confront the lean austerities

5

of brethren who, here fixed, on jesu wait

in sackcloth, and god’s anger deprecate

through all that humbles flesh and mortifies?

strange contrast!—verily the world of dreams,

where mingle, as for mockery combined,

10

things in their very essences at strife,

shows not a sight incongruous as the extremes

that everywhere, before the thoughtful mind,

meet on the solid ground of waking life.

at vallombrosa

thick as autumnal leaves that strew the brooks

in vallombrosa, where etrurian shades

high over-arch’d embower.

paradise lost

“vallombrosa—i longed in thy shadiest wood

to slumber, reclined on the moss-covered floor!”

fond wish that was granted at last, and the flood,

that lulled me asleep, bids me listen once more.

its murmur how soft! as it falls down the steep,

5

near that cell—yon sequestered retreat high in air—

where our milton was wont lonely vigils to keep

for converse with god, sought through study and prayer.

the monks still repeat the tradition with pride,

and its truth who shall doubt? for his spirit is here;

10

in the cloud-piercing rocks doth her grandeur abide,

in the pines pointing heavenward her beauty austere;

in the flower-besprent meadows his genius we trace

turned to humbler delights, in which youth might confide,

that would yield him fit help while prefiguring that place

15

about to enter. it was visited by us towards the end of the month of may; yet snow was

lying thick under the pine-trees, within a few yards of the gate.” ww

  for ww’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

2  “see for the two  first lines, “stanzas composed in the simplon pass.” ww (see the poem by this title, above).

546 the poems of william wordsworth

where, if sin had not entered, love never had died.

when with life lengthened out came a desolate time,

and darkness and danger had compassed him round,

with a thought he might flee to these haunts of his prime,

and here once again a kind of shelter be found.

20

and let me believe that when nightly the muse

would waft him to sion, the glorified hill,

here also, on some favoured height, they would choose

to wander, and drink inspiration at will.

vallombrosa! of thee i first heard in the page

25

of that holiest of bards; and the name for my mind

had a musical charm, which the winter of age

and the changes it brings had no power to unbind.

and now, ye miltonian shades! under you

i repose, nor am forced from sweet fancy to part,

30

while your leaves i behold and the brooks they will strew,

and the realised vision is clasped to my heart.

even so, and unblamed, we rejoice as we may

in forms that must perish, frail objects of sense;

unblamed—if the soul be intent on the day

35

when the being of beings shall summon her hence.

for he and he only with wisdom is blest

who, gathering true pleasures wherever they grow,

looks up in all places, for joy or for rest,

to the fountain whence time and eternity flow.

40

xvi

at florence

under the shadow of a stately pile,

the dome of florence, pensive and alone,

nor giving heed to aught that passed the while,

i stood, and gazed upon a marble stone,

the laurelled dante’s favourite seat. a throne,

5

in just esteem, it rivals; though no style

be there of decoration to beguile

the mind, depressed by thought of greatness flown.

as a true man, who long had served the lyre,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 547

i gazed with earnestness, and dared no more.

10

but in his breast the mighty poet bore

a patriot’s heart, warm with undying fire.

bold with the thought, in reverence i sate down,

and, for a moment, filled that empty throne.

xvii

before the picture of the baptist, by raphael,

in the gallery at florence

the baptist might have been ordain’d to cry

forth from the towers of that huge pile, wherein

his father served jehovah; but how win

due audience, how for aught but scorn defy

the obstinate pride and wanton revelry

5

of the jerusalem below, her sin

and folly, if they with united din

drown not at once mandate and prophecy?

therefore the voice spake from the desert, thence

to her, as to her opposite in peace,

10

silence, and holiness, and innocence,

to her and to all lands its warning sent,

crying with earnestness that might not cease,

make straight a highway for the lord—repent!

xviii

at florence.—from michael angelo

rapt above earth by power of one fair face,

hers in whose sway alone my heart delights,

i mingle with the blest on those pure heights

where man, yet mortal, rarely finds a place.

with him who made the work that work accords

5

so well, that by its help and through his grace

i raise my thoughts, inform my deeds and words,

clasping her beauty in my soul’s embrace.

thus, if from two fair eyes mine cannot turn,

i feel how in their presence doth abide

10

light which to god is both the way and guide;

and, kindling at their lustre, if i burn,

548 the poems of william wordsworth

my noble fire emits the joyful ray

that through the realms of glory shines for aye.

xix

at florence.—from m. angelo

eternal lord! eased of a cumbrous load,

and loosened from the world, i turn to thee;

shun, like a shattered bark, the storm, and flee

to thy protection for a safe abode.

the crown of thorns, hands pierced upon the tree,

5

the meek, benign, and lacerated face,

to a sincere repentance promise grace,

to the sad soul give hope of pardon free.

with justice mark not thou, o light divine,

my fault, nor hear it with thy sacred ear;

10

neither put forth that way thy arm severe;

wash with thy blood my sins; thereto incline

more readily the more my years require

help, and forgiveness speedy and entire.

among the ruins of a convent in the apennines

ye trees! whose slender roots entwine

altars that piety neglects;

whose infant arms enclasp the shrine

which no devotion now respects;

if not a straggler from the herd

5

here ruminate, nor shrouded bird,

chaunting her low-voiced hymn, take pride

in aught that ye would grace or hide—

how sadly is your love misplaced,

fair trees, your bounty run to waste!

10

and ye, wild flowers! that no one heeds,

and ye—full often spurned as weeds—

in beauty clothed, or breathing sweetness

from fractured arch and mouldering wall—

do but more touchingly recal

15

man’s headstrong violence and time’s fleetness,

and make the precincts ye adorn

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 549

appear to sight still more forlorn.

xx

at bologna, in remembrance of the late insurrections

ah why deceive ourselves! by no mere fit

of sudden passion roused shall men attain

true freedom where for ages they have lain

bound in a dark abominable pit,

with life’s best sinews more and more unknit.

5

here, there, a banded few who loathe the chain

may rise to break it: effort worse than vain

for thee, o great italian nation, split

into those jarring fractions.—let thy scope

be one fixed mind for all; thy rights approve

10

to thy own conscience gradually renewed;

learn to make time the father of wise hope;

then trust thy cause to the arm of fortitude,

the light of knowledge, and the warmth of love.

xxi

continued

hard task! exclaim the undisciplined, to lean

on patience coupled with such slow endeavour,

that long-lived servitude must last for ever.

perish the grovelling few, who, prest between

wrongs and the terror of redress, would wean

5

millions from glorious aims. our chains to sever

let us break forth in tempest now or never!—

what, is there then no space for golden mean

and gradual progress?—twilight leads to day,

and, even within the burning zones of earth,

10

the hastiest sunrise yields a temperate ray;

the softest breeze to fairest flowers gives birth:

think not that prudence dwells in dark abodes,

she scans the future with the eye of gods.

550 the poems of william wordsworth

xxii

concluded

as leaves are to the tree whereon they grow

and wither, every human generation

is to the being of a mighty nation,

locked in our world’s embrace through weal and woe;

thought that should teach the zealot to forego

5

rash schemes, to abjure all selfish agitation,

and seek through noiseless pains and moderation

the unblemished good they only can bestow.

alas! with most, who weigh futurity

against time present, passion holds the scales:

10

hence equal ignorance of both prevails,

and nations sink; or, struggling to be free,

are doomed to flounder on, like wounded whales

tossed on the bosom of a stormy sea.

xxiii

in lombardy

see, where his difficult way that old man wins

bent by a load of mulberry-leaves!—most hard

appears his lot, to the small worm’s compared,

for whom his toil with early day begins.

acknowledging no task-master, at will

5

(as if her labour and her ease were twins)

she seems to work, at pleasure to lie still,

and softly sleeps within the thread she spins.

so fare they—the man serving as her slave.

ere long their fates do each to each conform:

10

both pass into new being,—but the worm,

transfigured, sinks into a hopeless grave;

his volant spirit will, he trusts, ascend

to bliss unbounded, glory without end.

xxiv

after leaving italy

fair land! thee all men greet with joy; how few,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 551

whose souls take pride in freedom, virtue, fame,

part from thee without pity dyed in shame:

i could not—while from venice we withdrew,

led on till an alpine strait confined our view

5

within its depths, and to the shore we came

of lago morto, dreary sight and name,

which o’er sad thoughts a sadder colouring threw.

italia! on the surface of thy spirit,

(too aptly emblemed by that torpid lake)

10

shall a few partial breezes only creep?—

be its depths quickened; what thou dost inherit

of the world’s hopes, dare to fulfil; awake,

mother of heroes, from thy death-like sleep!

xxv

continued

as indignation mastered grief, my tongue

spake bitter words; words that did ill agree

with those rich stores of nature’s imagery,

and divine art, that fast to memory clung—

thy gifts, magnificent region, ever young

5

in the sun’s eye, and in his sister’s sight

how beautiful! how worthy to be sung

in strains of rapture, or subdued delight!

i feign not; witness that unwelcome shock

that followed the first sound of german speech,

10

caught the far-winding barrier alps among.

in that announcement, greeting seemed to mock

parting; the casual word had power to reach

my heart, and filled that heart with conflict strong.

[poems not included in series as first published]

the pillar of trajan

where towers are crushed, and unforbidden weeds

o’er mutilated arches shed their seeds;

and temples, doomed to milder change, unfold

a new magnificence that vies with old;

552 the poems of william wordsworth

firm in its pristine majesty hath stood

5

a votive column, spared by fire and flood;—

and, though the passions of man’s fretful race

have never ceased to eddy round its base,

not injured more by touch of meddling hands

than a lone obelisk, ’mid nubian sands,

10

or aught in syrian deserts left to save,

from death the memory of the good and brave.

historic figures round the shaft embost

ascend, with lineaments in air not lost:

still as he turns, the charmed spectator sees

15

group winding after group with dream-like ease;

triumphs in sunbright gratitude displayed,

or softly stealing into modest shade.

—so, pleased with purple clusters to entwine

some lofty elm-tree, mounts the daring vine;

20

the woodbine so, with spiral grace, and breathes

wide-spreading odours from her flowery wreaths.

borne by the muse from rills in shepherds’ ears

murmuring but one smooth story for all years,

i gladly commune with the mind and heart

25

of him who thus survives by classic art,

his actions witness, venerate his mien,

and study trajan as by pliny seen;

behold how fought the chief whose conquering sword

stretched far as earth might own a single lord;

30

in the delight of moral prudence schooled,

how feelingly at home the sovereign ruled;

best of the good—in pagan faith allied

to more than man, by virtue deified.

memorial pillar! ’mid the wrecks of time

35

preserve thy charge with confidence sublime—

the exultations, pomps, and cares of rome,

whence half the breathing world received its doom;

things that recoil from language; that, if shewn

by apter pencil, from the light had flown.

40

a pontiff, trajan here the gods implores,

there greets an embassy from indian shores;

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 553

lo! he harangues his cohorts— there the storm

of battle meets him in authentic form!

unharnessed, naked, troops of moorish horse

45

sweep to the charge; more high, the dacian force,

to hoof and finger mailed;—yet, high or low,

none bleed, and none lie prostrate but the foe;

in every roman, through all turns of fate,

is roman dignity inviolate;

50

spirit in him pre-eminent, who guides,

supports, adorns, and over all presides;

distinguished only by inherent state

from honoured instruments that round him wait;

rise as he may, his grandeur scorns the test

55

of outward symbol, nor will deign to rest

on aught by which another is deprest.

—alas! that one thus disciplined could toil

to enslave whole nations on their native soil;

so emulous of macedonian fame,

60

that, when his age was measured with his aim,

he drooped, ’mid else unclouded victories,

and turned his eagles back with deep-drawn sighs:

o weakness of the great! o folly of the wise!

where now the haughty empire that was spread

65

with such fond hope? her very speech is dead;

yet glorious art the sweep of time defies,

and trajan still, through various enterprise,

mounts, in this fine illusion, tow’rd the skies:

still are we present with the imperial chief,

70

nor cease to gaze upon the bold relief

till rome, to silent marble unconfined,

becomes with all her years a vision of the mind.

composed on may-morning, 1838

if with old love of you, dear hills! i share

  “here  and  infra;  see  forsythe.”  ww  drew  details  for  the  poem  from  joseph  forsyth’s remarks on antiquities, arts, and letters during an excursion [ in] italy in 1802 [ and 1803]

(london, 86).

2  in his  poems (845) ww paired this sonnet with “life with yon lambs, like day, is just begun,” published in  poems of early and late years (842). see  composed on the same morning, below.

554 the poems of william wordsworth

new love of many a rival image brought

from far, forgive the wanderings of my thought:

nor art thou wrong’d, sweet may! when i compare

thy present birth-morn with thy last, so fair,

5

so rich to me in favours. for my lot

then was, within the famed egerian grot

to sit and muse, fanned by its dewy air

mingling with thy soft breath! that morning, too,

warblers i heard their joy unbosoming

10

amid the sunny, shadowy, colyseum;

heard them, unchecked by aught of sombre hue,

for victories there won by flower-crowned spring,

chant in full choir their innocent te deum.

555

sonnets upon the punishment of death. in series.

i

suggested by the view of lancaster castle (on the road

from the south)

this spot—at once unfolding sight so fair

of sea and land, with yon grey towers that still

rise up as if to lord it over air—

might soothe in human breasts the sense of ill,

or charm it out of memory; yea, might fill

5

the heart with joy and gratitude to god

for all his bounties upon man bestowed:

why bears it then the name of “weeping hill”?

thousands, as toward yon old lancastrian towers,

a prison’s crown, along this way they past

10

for lingering durance or quick death with shame,

from this bare eminence thereon have cast

their first look—blinded as tears fell in showers

shed on their chains; and hence that doleful name.

ii

tenderly do we feel by nature’s law

for worst offenders: though the heart will heave

with indignation, deeply moved we grieve,

in after thought, for him who stood in awe

neither of god nor man, and only saw,

5

lost wretch, a horrible device enthroned

on proud temptations, till the victim groaned

under the steel his hand had dared to draw.

but o, restrain compassion, if its course,

as oft befals, prevent or turn aside

10

judgments and aims and acts whose higher source

is sympathy with the unforewarned, who died

blameless—with them that shuddered o’er his grave,

and all who from the law firm safety crave.

  for the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and

itinerary poems, 1820–1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 865–868, and 878–879.

556 the poems of william wordsworth

iii

the roman consul doomed his sons to die

who had betrayed their country. the stern word

afforded (may it through all time afford)

a theme for praise and admiration high.

upon the surface of humanity

5

he rested not; its depths his mind explored;

he felt; but his parental bosom’s lord

was duty,—duty calmed his agony.

and some, we know, when they by wilful act

a single human life have wrongly taken,

10

pass sentence on themselves, confess the fact,

and, to atone for it, with soul unshaken

kneel at the feet of justice, and, for faith

broken with all mankind, solicit death.

iv

is death, when evil against good has fought

with such fell mastery that a man may dare

by deeds the blackest purpose to lay bare,—

is death, for one to that condition brought,

for him, or any one, the thing that ought

5

to be most dreaded? lawgivers, beware,

lest, capital pains remitting till ye spare

the murderer, ye, by sanction to that thought

seemingly given, debase the general mind;

tempt the vague will tried standards to disown,

10

nor only palpable restraints unbind,

but upon honour’s head disturb the crown,

whose absolute rule permits not to withstand

in the weak love of life his least command.

v

not to the object specially designed,

howe’er momentous in itself it be,

good to promote or curb depravity,

is the wise legislator’s view confined.

his spirit, when most severe, is oft most kind;

5

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 557

as all authority in earth depends

on love and fear, their several powers he blends,

copying with awe the one paternal mind.

uncaught by processes in show humane,

he feels how far the act would derogate

10

from even the humblest functions of the state;

if she, self-shorn of majesty, ordain

that never more shall hang upon her breath

the last alternative of life or death.

vi

ye brood of conscience—spectres! that frequent

the bad man’s restless walk, and haunt his bed—

fiends in your aspect, yet beneficent

in act, as hovering angels when they spread

their wings to guard the unconsciousinnocent—

5

slow be the statutes of the land to share

a laxity that could not but impair

your power to punish crime, and so prevent.

and ye, beliefs! coiled serpent-like about

the adage on all tongues, “murder will out,”

10

how shall your ancient warnings work for good

in the full might they hitherto have shown,

if for deliberate shedder of man’s blood

survive not judgment that requires his own?

vii

before the world had past her time of youth,

while polity and discipline were weak,

the precept eye for eye, and tooth for tooth,

came forth—a light, though but as of day-break,

strong as could then be borne. a master meek

5

proscribed the spirit fostered by that rule,

patience his law, long-suffering his school,

and love the end, which all through peace must seek.

but lamentably do they err who strain

his mandates, given rash impulse to controul

10

and keep vindictive thirstings from the soul,

so far that, if consistent in their scheme,

558 the poems of william wordsworth

they must forbid the state to inflict a pain,

making of social order a mere dream.

viii

fit retribution, by the moral code

determined, lies beyond the state’s embrace,

yet, as she may, for each peculiar case

she plants well-measured terrors in the road

of wrongful acts. downward it is and broad,

5

and, the main fear once doomed to banishment,

far oftener then, bad ushering worse event,

blood would be spilt that in his dark abode

crime might lie better hid. and, should the change

take from the horror due to a foul deed,

10

pursuit and evidence so far must fail,

and, guilt escaping, passion then might plead

in angry spirits for her old free range,

and the “wild justice of revenge” prevail.

ix

though to give timely warning and deter

is one great aim of penalty, extend

thy mental vision further and ascend

far higher, else full surely thou shalt err.

what is a state? the wise behold in her

5

a creature born of time, that keeps one eye

fixed on the statutes of eternity,

to which her judgments reverently defer.

speaking through law’s dispassionate voice the state

endues her conscience with external life

10

and being, to preclude or quell the strife

of individual will, to elevate

the grovelling mind, the erring to recal,

and fortify the moral sense of all.

x

our bodily life, some plead, that life the shrine

of an immortal spirit, is a gift

so sacred, so informed with light divine,

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 559

that no tribunal, though most wise to sift

deed and intent, should turn the being adrift

5

into that world where penitential tear

may not avail, nor prayer have for god’s ear

a voice—that world whose veil no hand can lift

for earthly sight. “eternity and time,”

they urge, “have interwoven claims and rights

10

not to be jeopardised through foulest crime:

the sentence rule by mercy’s heaven-born lights.”

even so; but measuring not by finite sense

infinite power, perfect intelligence.

xi

ah, think how one compelled for life to abide

locked in a dungeon needs must eat the heart

out of his own humanity, and part

with every hope that mutual cares provide;

and, should a less unnatural doom confide

5

in life-long exile on a savage coast,

soon the relapsing penitent may boast

of yet more heinous guilt, with fiercer pride.

hence thoughtful mercy, mercy sage and pure,

sanctions the forfeiture that law demands,

10

leaving the final issue in his hands

whose goodness knows no change, whose love is sure,

who sees, foresees; who cannot judge amiss,

and wafts at will the contrite soul to bliss.

xii

see the condemned alone within his cell

and prostrate at some moment when remorse

stings to the quick, and, with resistless force,

assaults the pride she strove in vain to quell.

then mark him, him who could so long rebel,

5

the crime confessed, a kneeling penitent

before the altar, where the sacrament

softens his heart, till from his eyes outwell

tears of salvation. welcome death! while heaven

does in this change exceedingly rejoice;

10

560 the poems of william wordsworth

while yet the solemn heed the state hath given

helps him to meet the last tribunal’s voice

in faith, which fresh offences, were he cast

on old temptations, might for ever blast.

xiii

conclusion

yes, though he well may tremble at the sound

of his own voice, who from the judgment-seat

sends the pale convict to his last retreat

in death; though listeners shudder all around,

they know the dread requital’s source profound;

5

nor is, they feel, its wisdom obsolete—

(would that it were!) the sacrifice unmeet

for christian faith. but hopeful signs abound;

the social rights of man breathe purer air;

religion deepens her preventive care;

10

then, moved by needless fear of past abuse,

strike not from law’s firm hand that awful rod,

but leave it thence to drop for lack of use:

oh, speed the blessed hour, almighty god!

xiv

apology

the formal world relaxes her cold chain

for one who speaks in numbers; ampler scope

his utterance finds; and, conscious of the gain,

imagination works with bolder hope

the cause of grateful reason to sustain;

5

and, serving truth, the heart more strongly beats

against all barriers which his labour meets

in lofty place, or humble life’s domain.

enough;—before us lay a painful road,

and guidance have i sought in duteous love

10

from wisdom’s heavenly father. hence hath flowed

patience, with trust that, whatsoe’er the way

each takes in this high matter, all may move

cheered with the prospect of a brighter day.

561

sonnets dedicated to liberty and order

i

composed after reading a newspaper of the day

“people! your chains are severing link by link;

soon shall the rich be levelled down—the poor

meet them half way.” vain boast! for these, the more

they thus would rise, must low and lower sink

till, by repentance stung, they fear to think;

5

while all lie prostrate, save the tyrant few

bent in quick turns each other to undo,

and mix the poison, they themselves must drink.

mistrust thyself, vain country! cease to cry,

“knowledge will save me from the threatened woe.”

10

for, if than other rash ones more thou know,

yet on presumptuous wing as far would fly

above thy knowledge as they dared to go,

thou wilt provoke a heavier penalty.

ii

upon the late general fast. march, 1832

reluctant call it was; the rite delayed;

and in the senate some there were who doffed

the last of their humanity, and scoffed

at providential judgments, undismayed

by their own daring. but the people prayed

5

as with one voice; their flinty heart grew soft

with penitential sorrow, and aloft

their spirit mounted, crying, “god us aid!”

oh that with aspirations more intense,

chastised by self-abasement more profound,

10

this people, once so happy, so renowned

for liberty, would seek from god defence

against far heavier ill, the pestilence

  ww’s notes are those published with the series in  poems, 845. for the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  sonnet series and itinerary poems, 1820–

1845, ed. geoffrey jackson (2004), pp. 899–903, and 94–97.

562 the poems of william wordsworth

of revolution, impiously unbound!

iii

said secrecy to cowardice and fraud,

falsehood and treachery, in close council met,

deep under ground, in pluto’s cabinet,

“the frost of england’s pride will soon be thawed;

“hooded the open brow that overawed

5

“our schemes; the faith and honour, never yet

“by us with hope encountered, be upset;—

“for once i burst my bands, and cry, applaud!”

then whispered she, “the bill is carrying out!”

they heard, and, starting up, the brood of night

10

clapped hands, and shook with glee their matted locks;

all powers and places that abhor the light

joined in the transport, echoed back their shout,

hurrah for ———, hugging his ballot-box!

iv

blest statesman he, whose mind’s unselfish will

leaves him at ease among grand thoughts; whose eye

sees that, apart from magnanimity,

wisdom exists not; nor the humbler skill

of prudence, disentangling good and ill

5

with patient care. what tho’ assaults run high,

they daunt not him who holds his ministry,

resolute, at all hazards, to fulfil

its duties;—prompt to move, but firm to wait,—

knowing, things rashly sought are rarely found;

10

that, for the functions of an ancient state—

strong by her charters, free because imbound,

servant of providence, not slave of fate—

perilous is sweeping change, all chance unsound.

  “ ‘all change is perilous, and all chance unsound.’ spenser.” ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 563

v

in allusion to various recent histories and notices

of the french revolution

portentous change when history can appear

as the cool advocate of foul device;

reckless audacity extol, and jeer

at consciences perplexed with scruples nice!

they who bewail not, must abhor, the sneer

5

born of conceit, power’s blind idolater;

or haply sprung from vaunting cowardice

betrayed by mockery of holy fear.

hath it not long been said the wrath of man

works not the righteousness of god? oh bend,

10

bend, ye perverse! to judgments from on high,

laws that lay under heaven’s perpetual ban

all principles of action that transcend

the sacred limits of humanity.

vi

continued

who ponders national events shall find

an awful balancing of loss and gain,

joy based on sorrow, good with ill combined,

and proud deliverance issuing out of pain

and direful throes; as if the all-ruling mind,

5

with whose perfection it consists to ordain

volcanic burst, earthquake, and hurricane,

dealt in like sort with feeble human kind

by laws immutable. but woe for him

who thus deceived shall lend an eager hand

10

to social havoc. is not conscience ours,

and truth, whose eye guilt only can make dim;

and will, whose office, by divine command,

is to control and check disordered powers?

564 the poems of william wordsworth

vii

concluded

long-favoured england! be not thou misled

by monstrous theories of alien growth,

lest alien frenzy seize thee, waxing wroth,

self-smitten till thy garments reek dyed red

with thy own blood, which tears in torrents shed

5

fail to wash out, tears flowing ere thy troth

be plighted, not to ease but sullen sloth,

or wan despair—the ghost of false hope fled

into a shameful grave. among thy youth,

my country! if such warning be held dear,

10

then shall a veteran’s heart be thrilled with joy,

one who would gather from eternal truth,

for time and season, rules that work to cheer—

not scourge, to save the people—not destroy

viii

men of the western world! in fate’s dark book

whence these opprobrious leaves of dire portent?

think ye your british ancestors forsook

their native land, for outrage provident;

from unsubmissive necks the bridle shook

5

to give, in their descendants, freer vent

and wider range to passions turbulent,

to mutual tyranny a deadlier look?

nay, said a voice, soft as the south wind’s breath,

dive through the stormy surface of the flood

10

to the great current flowing underneath;

explore the countless springs of silent good;

so shall the truth be better understood,

and thy grieved spirit brighten strong in faith.

  “these lines were written several years ago, when reports prevailed of cruelties committed

in many parts of america, by men making a law of their own passions. a far more formi-

dable, as being a more deliberate mischief, has appeared among those states which have

lately broken faith with the public creditor in a manner so infamous. i cannot, however, but

look at both evils under a similar relation to inherent good, and hope that the time is not

distant when our brethren of the west will wipe off this stain from their name and nation.”

ww

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 565

ix

to the pennsylvanians

days undefiled by luxury or sloth,

firm self-denial, manners grave and staid,

rights equal, laws with cheerfulness obeyed,

words that require no sanction from an oath,

and simple honesty a common growth—

5

this high repute, with bounteous nature’s aid,

won confidence, now ruthlessly betrayed

at will, your power the measure of your troth!—

all who revere the memory of penn

grieve for the land on whose wild woods his name

10

was fondly grafted with a virtuous aim,

renounced, abandoned by degenerate men

for state-dishonour black as ever came

to upper air from mammon’s loathsome den.

x

at bologna, in remembrance of the late insurrections, 1831

i

ah why deceive ourselves! by no mere fit

of sudden passion roused shall men attain

true freedom where for ages they have lain

bound in a dark abominable pit,

with life’s best sinews more and more unknit.

5

here, there, a banded few who loathe the chain

may rise to break it: effort worse than vain

for thee, o great italian nation, split

into those jarring fractions.—let thy scope

be one fixed mind for all; thy rights approve

10

to thy own conscience gradually renewed;

learn to make time the father of wise hope;

then trust thy cause to the arm of fortitude,

the light of knowledge, and the warmth of love.

566 the poems of william wordsworth

xi

continued

ii

hard task! exclaim the undisciplined, to lean

on patience coupled with such slow endeavour,

that long-lived servitude must last for ever.

perish the grovelling few, who, prest between

wrongs and the terror of redress, would wean

5

millions from glorious aims. our chains to sever

let us break forth in tempest now or never!—

what, is there then no space for golden mean

and gradual progress?—twilight leads to day,

and, even within the burning zones of earth,

10

the hastiest sunrise yields a temperate ray;

the softest breeze to fairest flowers gives birth:

think not that prudence dwells in dark abodes,

she scans the future with the eye of gods.

xii

concluded

iii

as leaves are to the tree whereon they grow

and wither, every human generation

is to the being of a mighty nation,

locked in our world’s embrace through weal and woe;

thought that should teach the zealot to forego

5

rash schemes, to abjure all selfish agitation,

and seek through noiseless pains and moderation

the unblemished good they only can bestow.

alas! with most, who weigh futurity

against time present, passion holds the scales:

10

hence equal ignorance of both prevails,

and nations sink; or, struggling to be free,

are doomed to flounder on, like wounded whales

tossed on the bosom of a stormy sea.

sonnet series and itinerary poems (1820–1845) 567

xiii

young england—what is then become of old,

of dear old england? think they she is dead,

dead to the very name? presumption fed

on empty air! that name will keep its hold

in the true filial bosom’s inmost fold

5

for ever.—the spirit of alfred, at the head

of all who for her rights watch’d, toil’d and bled,

knows that this prophecy is not too bold.

what—how! shall she submit in will and deed

to beardless boys—an imitative race,

10

the servum pecus of a gallic breed?

dear mother! if thou must thy steps retrace,

go where at least meek innocency dwells;

let babes and sucklings be thy oracles.

xiv

feel for the wrongs to universal ken

daily exposed, woe that unshrouded lies;

and seek the sufferer in his darkest den,

whether conducted to the spot by sighs

and moanings, or he dwells (as if the wren

5

taught him concealment) hidden from all eyes

in silence and the awful modesties

of sorrow;—feel for all, as brother men!

rest not in hope want’s icy chain to to thaw

by casual boons and formal charities;

10

learn to be just, just through impartial law;

far as ye may, erect and equalise;

and what ye cannot reach by statute, draw

each from his fountain of self-sacrifice!

568

last poems (1821–1850)

decay of piety

oft have i seen, ere time had ploughed my cheek,

matrons and sires—who, punctual to the call

of their loved church, on fast or festival

through the long year the house of prayer would seek:

by christmas snows, by visitation bleak

5

of easter winds, unscared, from hut or hall

they came to lowly bench or sculptured stall,

but with one fervour of devotion meek.

i see the places where they once were known,

and ask, surrounded even by kneeling crowds,

10

is ancient piety for ever flown?

alas! even then they seemed like fleecy clouds

that, struggling through the western sky, have won

their pensive light from a departed sun!

“not love, nor war, nor the tumultuous swell”

not love, nor war, nor the tumultuous swell

of civil conflict, nor the wrecks of change,

nor duty struggling with afflictions strange,

not these alone inspire the tuneful shell;

but where untroubled peace and concord dwell,

5

there also is the muse not loth to range,

watching the blue smoke of the elmy grange,

skyward ascending from the twilight dell.

meek aspirations please her, lone endeavour,

and sage content, and placid melancholy;

10

she loves to gaze upon a crystal river,

diaphanous, because it travels slowly;

soft is the music that would charm for ever;

the flower of sweetest smell is shy and lowly.

  for the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  last poems, 1821–

1850, ed. jared curtis, with apryl lee denny and jill heydt-stevenson, associate editors (999).

last poems (1820–1850) 569

a parsonage in oxfordshire

where holy ground begins—unhallowed ends,

is marked by no distinguishable line;

the turf unites—the pathways intertwine;

and, wheresoe’er the stealing footstep tends,

garden, and that domain where kindred, friends,

5

and neighbours rest together, here confound

their several features—mingled like the sound

of many waters, or as evening blends

with shady night. soft airs, from shrub and flower,

waft fragrant greetings to each silent grave;

10

meanwhile between those poplars, as they wave

their lofty summits, comes and goes a sky

bright as the glimpses of eternity,

to saints accorded in their mortal hour.

recollection of the portrait of king henry eighth,

trinity lodge, cambridge

the imperial stature, the colossal stride,

are yet before me; yet do i behold

the broad full visage, chest of amplest mould,

the vestments ’broidered with barbaric pride:

and lo! a poniard, at the monarch’s side,

5

hangs ready to be grasped in sympathy

with the keen threatenings of that fulgent eye,

below the white-rimmed bonnet, far descried.

who trembles now at thy capricious mood?

mid those surrounding worthies, haughty king!

10

we rather think, with grateful mind sedate,

how providence educeth, from the spring

of lawless will, unlooked-for streams of good,

which neither force shall check, nor time abate.

[translation of the sestet of a sonnet by tasso]

camoëns, he the accomplished and the good,

gave to thy fame a more illustrious flight

than that brave vessel though she sailed so far,

  ww included this sonnet in his note to  pastoral character, sonnet iii.xi. of  ecclesiastical sketches in 822.

570 the poems of william wordsworth

through him her course along the austral flood

is known to all beneath the polar star

5

through him the antipodes in thy name delight.

“a volant tribe of bards on earth are found”

a volant tribe of bards on earth are found,

who, while the flattering zephyrs round them play,

on “coignes of vantage” hang their nests of clay;

how quickly from that aery hold unbound,

dust for oblivion! to the solid ground

5

of nature trusts the mind that builds for aye;

convinced that there, there only, she can lay

secure foundations. as the year runs round,

apart she toils within the chosen ring;

while the stars shine, or while day’s purple eye

10

is gently closing with the flowers of spring;

where even the motion of an angel’s wing

would interrupt the intense tranquillity

of silent hills, and more than silent sky.

“queen and negress chaste and fair!”

queen and negress chaste and fair!

christophe now is laid asleep

seated in a british chair

state in humbler manner keep

shine for clarkson’s pure delight

5

negro princess, ebon bright!

lay thy diadem apart

pomp has been a sad deceiver

through thy champion’s faithful heart

joy be poured, and thou the giver

10

thou that mak’st a day of night

sable princess, ebon bright!

let not “wilby’s” holy shade

interpose at envy’s call,

hayti’s shining queen was made

15

to illumine playford hall

bless it then with constant light

negress excellently bright!

last poems (1820–1850) 571

[epigrams on byron’s cain]

i. “critics, right honourable bard! decree”

critics, right honourable bard! decree

laurels to some, a nightshade wreath to thee,

whose muse a sure though late revenge hath ta’en

of harmless abel’s death by murdering cain.

ii.

on cain a mystery dedicated to sir walter scott

a german haggis––from receipt

of him who cook’d “the death of abel”

and sent “warm–reeking rich” and sweet

from venice to sir walter’s table.

iii.

after reading a luscious scene of the above—

the wonder explained

what! adam’s eldest son in this sweet strain!

yes—did you never hear of sugar-cain?

iv.

on a nursery piece of the same, by a scottish bard—

dont wake little enoch,

or he’ll give you a wee knock!

for the pretty sweet lad

as he lies in his cradle

is more like to his dad

5

than a spoon to a ladle.

“thus far i write to please my friend”

thus far i write to please my friend;

and now to please myself i end.

“by moscow self–devoted to a blaze”

by moscow self–devoted to a blaze

of dreadful sacrifice; by russian blood

572 the poems of william wordsworth

lavished in fight with desperate hardihood;

the unfeeling elements no claim shall raise

to rob our human–nature of just praise

5

for what she did and suffered. pledges sure

of a deliverance absolute and pure

she gave, if faith might tread the beaten ways

of providence. but now did the most high

exalt his still small voice;––to quell that host

10

gathered his power, a manifest ally;

he whose heaped waves confounded the proud boast

of pharaoh, said to famine, snow, and frost,

finish the strife by deadliest victory!

“these vales were saddened with no common gloom”

in the burial-ground of this church are deposited the remains of jemima

a. d. second daughter of sir egerton brydges bart—of lee priory, kent—

who departed this life at rydal may 25th 1822 ag: 28 years. this memorial is

erected by her afflicted husband edwd quillinan

these vales were saddened with no common gloom

when good jemima perished in her bloom;

when (such the awful will of heaven) she died

by flames breathed on her from her own fire-side.

on earth we dimly see, and but in part

5

we know, yet faith sustains the sorrowing heart;

and she, the pure, the patient and the meek,

might have fit epitaph could feelings speak;

if words could tell and monuments record,

how treasures lost are inwardly deplored,

10

no name by grief’s fond eloquence adorn’d,

more than jemima’s would be praised and mourn’d;

the tender virtues of her blameless life,

bright in the daughter, brighter in the wife,

and in the cheerful mother brightest shone:

15

that light hath past away—the will of god be done!

last poems (1820–1850) 573

to the lady ———,

on seeing the foundation preparing for the erection

of ——— chapel, westmoreland

blest is this isle—our native land;

where battlement and moated gate

are objects only for the hand

of hoary time to decorate;

where shady hamlet, town that breathes

5

its busy smoke in social wreaths,

no rampart’s stern defence require,

nought but the heaven-directed spire,

and steeple tower (with pealing bells

far heard)—our only citadels.

10

o lady! from a noble line

of chieftains sprung, who stoutly bore

the spear, yet gave to works divine

a bounteous help in days of yore,

(as records mouldering in the dell

15

of nightshade haply yet may tell)

thee kindred aspirations moved

to build, within a vale beloved,

for him upon whose high behests

all peace depends, all safety rests.

20

well may the villagers rejoice!

nor heat, nor cold, nor weary ways,

will be a hindrance to the voice

that would unite in prayer and praise;

more duly shall wild-wandering youth

25

receive the curb of sacred truth,

shall tottering age, bent earthward, hear

the promise, with uplifted ear;

and all shall welcome the new ray

imparted to their sabbath-day.

30

  in 840 the title became  to the lady fleming, on seeing the foundation preparing for the erection of rydal chapel, westmoreland.

2  “beckangs ghyll—or the vale of nightshade—in which stands st. mary’s abbey, in low

furness.” ww

574 the poems of william wordsworth

even strangers, slackening here their pace,

shall hail this work of pious care,

lifting its front with modest grace

to make a fair recess more fair;

and to exalt the passing hour;

35

or soothe it, with a healing power

drawn from the sacrifice fulfilled,

before this rugged soil was tilled,

or human habitation rose

to interrupt the deep repose!

40

nor yet the corner stone is laid

with solemn rite; but fancy sees

the tower time-stricken, and in shade

embosomed of coeval trees;

hears, o’er the lake, the warning clock

45

as it shall sound with gentle shock

at evening, when the ground beneath

is ruffled o’er with cells of death;

where happy generations lie,

here tutored for eternity.

50

lives there a man whose sole delights

are trivial pomp and city noise,

hardening a heart that loathes or slights

what every natural heart enjoys?

who never caught a noon-tide dream

55

from murmur of a running stream;

could strip, for aught the prospect yields

to him, their verdure from the fields;

and take the radiance from the clouds

in which the sun his setting shrouds.

60

a soul so pitiably forlorn,

if such do on this earth abide,

may season apathy with scorn,

may turn indifference to pride,

and still be not unblest—compared

65

with him who grovels, self-debarred

from all that lies within the scope

of holy faith and christian hope;

last poems (1820–1850) 575

or, shipwrecked, kindles on the coast

false fires, that others may be lost.

70

alas! that such perverted zeal

should spread on britain’s favoured ground!

that public order, private weal,

should e’er have felt or feared a wound

from champions of the desperate law

75

which from their own blind hearts they draw;

who tempt their reason to deny

god, whom their passions dare defy,

and boast that they alone are free

who reach this dire extremity!

80

but turn we from these “bold bad” men;

the way, mild lady! that hath led

down to their “dark opprobrious den,”

is all too rough for thee to tread.

softly as morning vapours glide

85

through mosedale-cove from carrock’s side,

should move the tenour of his song

who means to charity no wrong;

whose offering gladly would accord

with this day’s work, in thought and word.

90

heaven prosper it! may peace, and love,

and hope, and consolation, fall,

through its meek influence, from above,

and penetrate the hearts of all;

all who, around the hallowed fane,

95

shall sojourn in this fair domain;

grateful to thee, while service pure,

and ancient ordinance, shall endure,

for opportunity bestowed

to kneel together, and adore their god.

100

on the same occasion

oh! gather whencesoe’er ye safely may

the help which slackening piety requires;

nor deem that he perforce must go astray

who treads upon the footmarks of his sires.

576 the poems of william wordsworth

our churches, invariably perhaps, stand east and west, but why is by few

persons exactly known; nor, that the degree of deviation from due east often

noticeable in the ancient ones was determined, in each particular case, by

the point in the horizon, at which the sun rose upon the day of the saint to

whom the church was dedicated. these observances of our ancestors, and

the causes of them, are the subject of the following stanzas.

when in the antique age of bow and spear

and feudal rapine clothed with iron mail,

came ministers of peace, intent to rear

the mother church in yon sequestered vale;

then, to her patron saint a previous rite

5

resounded with deep swell and solemn close,

through unremitting vigils of the night,

till from his couch the wished-for sun uprose.

he rose, and straight—as by divine command,

they who had waited for that sign to trace

10

their work’s foundation, gave with careful hand

to the high altar its determined place;

mindful of him who in the orient born

there lived, and on the cross his life resigned,

and who, from out the regions of the morn,

15

issuing in pomp, shall come to judge mankind.

so taught their creed;—nor failed the eastern sky,

mid these more awful feelings, to infuse

the sweet and natural hopes that shall not die

long as the sun his gladsome course renews.

20

for us hath such prelusive vigil ceased;

yet still we plant, like men of elder days,

our christian altar faithful to the east,

whence the tall window drinks the morning rays;

that obvious emblem giving to the eye

25

of meek devotion, which erewhile it gave,

that symbol of the dayspring from on high,

triumphant o’er the darkness of the grave.

last poems (1820–1850) 577

memory

a pen—to register; a key—

that winds through secret wards;

are well assigned to memory

by allegoric bards.

as aptly, also, might be given

5

a pencil to her hand;

that, softening objects, sometimes even

outstrips the heart’s demand;

that smooths foregone distress, the lines

of lingering care subdues,

10

long-vanished happiness refines,

and clothes in brighter hues:

yet, like a tool of fancy, works

those spectres to dilate

that startle conscience, as she lurks

15

within her lonely seat.

o! that our lives, which flee so fast,

in purity were such,

that not an image of the past

should fear that pencil’s touch!

20

retirement then might hourly look

upon a soothing scene,

age steal to his allotted nook,

contented and serene;

with heart as calm as lakes that sleep,

25

in frosty moonlight glistening;

or mountain rivers, where they creep

along a channel smooth and deep,

to their own far-off murmurs listening.

“first floweret of the year is that which shows”

first floweret of the year is that which shows

its rival whiteness mid surrounding snows;

to guide the shining company of heaven,

578 the poems of william wordsworth

brightest as first appears the star of even;

upon imperial brows the richest gem

5

stands ever foremost in the diadem;

how, then, could mortal so unfit engage

to take his station in this leading page,

for others marshal with his pen the way

which shall be trod in many a future day!

10

why was not some fair lady call’d to write

dear words—for memory characters of light—

lines which enraptur’d fancy might explore

and half create her image?—but no more;

strangers! forgive the deed, an unsought task,

15

for what you look on, friendship deigned to ask.

“how rich that forehead’s calm expanse!”

how rich that forehead’s calm expanse!

how bright that heaven-directed glance!

—waft her to glory, winged powers,

ere sorrow be renewed,

and intercourse with mortal hours

5

bring back a humbler mood!

so looked cecilia when she drew

an angel from his station;

so looked—not ceasing to pursue

her tuneful adoration!

10

but hand and voice alike are still;

no sound here sweeps away the will

that gave it birth;—in service meek

one upright arm sustains the cheek,

and one across the bosom lies—

15

that rose, and now forgets to rise,

subdued by breathless harmonies

of meditative feeling;

mute strains from worlds beyond the skies,

through the pure light of female eyes

20

their sanctity revealing!

last poems (1820–1850) 579

a flower garden

tell me, ye zephyrs! that unfold,

while fluttering o’er this gay recess,

pinions that fanned the teeming mould

of eden’s blissful wilderness,

did only softly-stealing hours

5

there close the peaceful lives of flowers?

say, when the moving creatures saw

all kinds commingled without fear,

prevailed a like indulgent law

for the still growths that prosper here?

10

did wanton fawn and kid forbear

the half-blown rose, the lily spare?

or peeped they often from their beds

and prematurely disappeared,

devoured like pleasure ere it spreads

15

a bosom to the sun endeared?

if such their harsh untimely doom,

it falls not here on bud or bloom.

all summer long the happy eve

of this fair spot her flowers may bind,

20

nor e’er, with ruffled fancy, grieve,

from the next glance she casts, to find

that love for little things by fate

is rendered vain as love for great.

yet, where the guardian fence is wound,

25

so subtly is the eye beguiled

it sees not nor suspects a bound,

no more than in some forest wild;

free as the light in semblance—crost

only by art in nature lost.

30

and, though the jealous turf refuse

by random footsteps to be prest,

and feeds on never-sullied dews,

ye, gentle breezes from the west,

with all the ministers of hope,

35

580 the poems of william wordsworth

are tempted to this sunny slope!

and hither throngs of birds resort;

some, inmates lodged in shady nests,

some, perched on stems of stately port

that nod to welcome transient guests;

40

while hare and leveret, seen at play,

appear not more shut out than they.

apt emblem (for reproof of pride)

this delicate enclosure shows

of modest kindness, that would hide

45

the firm protection she bestows;

of manners, like its viewless fence,

ensuring peace to innocence.

thus spake the moral muse—her wing

abruptly spreading to depart,

50

she left that farewell offering,

memento for some docile heart;

that may respect the good old age

when fancy was truth’s willing page;

and truth would skim the flowery glade,

55

though entering but as fancy’s shade.

to ———

let other bards of angels sing,

bright suns without a spot;

but thou art no such perfect thing;

rejoice that thou art not!

such if thou wert in all men’s view,

5

a universal show,

what would my fancy have to do,

my feelings to bestow?

the world denies that thou art fair;

so, mary, let it be

10

if nought in loveliness compare

with what thou art to me.

1 ww’s manuscript note identifies mary wordsworth as the addressee.

last poems (1820–1850) 581

true beauty dwells in deep retreats,

whose veil is unremoved

till heart with heart in concord beats,

15

and the lover is beloved.

to ———

look at the fate of summer flowers,

which blow at daybreak, droop ere even-song;

and, grieved for their brief date, confess that ours,

measured by what we are and ought to be,

measured by all that trembling we foresee,

5

is not so long!

if human life do pass away,

perishing yet more swiftly than the flower,

whose frail existence is but of a day;

what space hath virgin’s beauty to disclose

10

her sweets, and triumph o’er the breathing rose?

not even an hour!

the deepest grove whose foliage hid

the happiest lovers arcady might boast,

could not the entrance of this thought forbid:

15

o be thou wise as they, soul-gifted maid!

nor rate too high what must so quickly fade,

so soon be lost.

then shall love teach some virtuous youth

“to draw out of the object of his eyes,”

20

the whilst on thee they gaze in simple truth,

hues more exalted, “a refined form,”

that dreads not age, nor suffers from the worm,

and never dies.

to rotha q ———

rotha, my spiritual child! this head was grey

when at the sacred font for thee i stood;

  ww’s manuscript note states that he addressed the poem to “dear friends” who were given

to attaching undue importance to “personal beauty.”

2 addressed to rotha quillinan, the daughter of ww’s son-in-law edward and his first wife.

she was named after the mountain stream of l. 9.

582 the poems of william wordsworth

pledged till thou reach the verge of womanhood,

and shalt become thy own sufficient stay:

too late, i feel, sweet orphan! was the day

5

for stedfast hope the contract to fulfil;

yet shall my blessing hover o’er thee still,

embodied in the music of this lay,

breathed forth beside the peaceful mountain stream

whose murmur soothed thy languid mother’s ear

10

after her throes, this stream of name more dear

since thou dost bear it,—a memorial theme

for others; for thy future self a spell

to summon fancies out of time’s dark cell.

composed among the ruins of a castle in north wales

through shattered galleries, ’mid roofless halls,

wandering with timid footstep oft betrayed,

the stranger sighs, nor scruples to upbraid

old time, though he, gentlest among the thralls

of destiny, upon these wounds hath laid

5

his lenient touches, soft as light that falls,

from the wan moon, upon the towers and walls,

light deepening the profoundest sleep of shade.

relic of kings! wreck of forgotten wars,

to winds abandoned and the prying stars,

10

time loves thee! at his call the seasons twine

luxuriant wreaths around thy forehead hoar;

and, though past pomp no changes can restore,

a soothing recompense, his gift, is thine!

to the lady e. b. and the hon. miss p

composed in the grounds of plass newidd, near llangollin, 1824

a stream, to mingle with your favourite dee,

along the vale of meditation flows;

so styled by those fierce britons, pleased to see

in nature’s face the expression of repose;

or haply there some pious hermit chose

5

to live and die, the peace of heaven his aim;

to whom the wild sequestered region owes,

at this late day, its sanctifying name.

last poems (1820–1850) 583

glyn cafaillgaroch, in the cambrian tongue,

in ours the vale of friendship, let this spot

10

be named; where, faithful to a low-roofed cot,

on deva’s banks, ye have abode so long;

sisters in love—a love allowed to climb,

even on this earth, above the reach of time!

to the torrent at the devil’s bridge, north wales

how art thou named? in search of what strange land

from what huge height, descending? can such force

of waters issue from a british source,

or hath not pindus fed thee, where the band

of patriots scoop their freedom out, with hand

5

desperate as thine? or come the incessant shocks

from that young stream, that smites the throbbing rocks

of viamala? there i seem to stand,

as in life’s morn; permitted to behold,

from the dread chasm, woods climbing above woods

10

in pomp that fades not, everlasting snows,

and skies that ne’er relinquish their repose;

such power possess the family of floods

over the minds of poets, young or old!

to ———

o dearer far than light and life are dear,

full oft our human foresight i deplore;

trembling, through my unworthiness, with fear

that friends, by death disjoined, may meet no more!

misgivings, hard to vanquish or control,

5

mix with the day, and cross the hour of rest;

while all the future, for thy purer soul,

with “sober certainties” of love is blest.

if a faint sigh, not meant for human ear,

tell that these words thy humbleness offend,

10

cherish me still—else faltering in the rear

of a steep march; uphold me to the end.

  addressed to thomas hutchinson, brother of mary wordsworth.

584 the poems of william wordsworth

peace settles where the intellect is meek,

and love is dutiful in thought and deed;

through thee communion with that love i seek;

15

the faith heaven strengthens where he moulds the creed.

the contrast

within her gilded cage confined,

i saw a dazzling belle,

a parrot of that famous kind

whose name is non-pareil.

like beads of glossy jet her eyes;

5

and, smoothed by nature’s skill,

with pearl or gleaming agate vies

her finely-curved bill.

her plumy mantle’s living hues

in mass opposed to mass,

10

outshine the splendour that imbues

the robes of pictured glass.

and, sooth to say, an apter mate

did never tempt the choice

of feathered thing most delicate

15

in figure and in voice.

but, exiled from australian bowers,

and singleness her lot,

she trills her song with tutored powers,

or mocks each casual note.

20

no more of pity for regrets

with which she may have striven!

now but in wantonness she frets,

or spite, if cause be given;

arch, volatile, a sportive bird

25

by social glee inspired;

ambitious to be seen or heard,

and pleased to be admired!

__________

last poems (1820–1850) 585

this moss-lined shed, green, soft, and dry,

harbours a self-contented wren,

30

not shunning man’s abode, though shy,

almost as thought itself, of human ken.

strange places, coverts unendeared

she never tried; the very nest

in which this child of spring was reared,

35

is warmed, thro’ winter, by her feathery breast.

to the bleak winds she sometimes gives

a slender unexpected strain;

that tells the hermitess still lives,

though she appear not, and be sought in vain.

40

say, dora! tell me by yon placid moon,

if called to choose between the favoured pair,

which would you be,—the bird of the saloon,

by lady fingers tended with nice care,

caressed, applauded, upon dainties fed,

45

or nature’s darkling of this mossy shed?

the infant m——— m———

unquiet childhood here by special grace

forgets her nature, opening like a flower

that neither feeds nor wastes its vital power

in painful struggles. months each other chase,

and nought untunes that infant’s voice; a trace

5

of fretful temper sullies not her cheek;

prompt, lively, self-sufficing, yet so meek

that one enrapt with gazing on her face,

(which even the placid innocence of death

could scarcely make more placid, heaven more bright,)

10

might learn to picture, for the eye of faith,

the virgin, as she shone with kindred light;

a nursling couched upon her mother’s knee,

beneath some shady palm of galilee.

  addressed to mary monkhouse, daughter of ww’s friend thomas monkhouse. she was

born december 2, 82.

586 the poems of william wordsworth

cenotaph

in affectionate remembrance of frances fermor, whose remains are depos-

ited in the church of claines, near worcester, this stone is erected by her

sister, dame margaret, wife of sir george beaumont, bart., who, feeling not

less than the love of a brother for the deceased, commends this memorial to

the care of his heirs and successors in the possession of this place.

by vain affections unenthralled,

though resolute when duty called

to meet the world’s broad eye,

pure as the holiest cloistered nun

that ever feared the tempting sun,

5

did fermor live and die.

this tablet, hallowed by her name,

one heart-relieving tear may claim;

but if the pensive gloom

of fond regret be still thy choice,

10

exalt thy spirit, hear the voice

of jesus from her tomb!

“i am the way, the truth, and the life.”

elegiac stanzas. 1824

o for a dirge! but why complain?

ask rather a triumphal strain

when fermor’s race is run;

a garland of immortal boughs

to bind around the christian’s brows,

5

whose glorious work is done.

we pay a high and holy debt;

no tears of passionate regret

shall stain this votive lay;

ill-worthy, beaumont! were the grief

10

that flings itself on wild relief

when saints have passed away.

sad doom, at sorrow’s shrine to kneel,

for ever covetous to feel,

and impotent to bear:

15

  the subject here, as in the preceding poem, is frances fermor.

last poems (1820–1850) 587

such once was hers—to think and think

on severed love, and only sink

from anguish to despair!

but nature to its inmost part

had faith refined, and to her heart

20

a peaceful cradle given;

calm as the dew-drop’s, free to rest

within a breeze-fanned rose’s breast

till it exhales to heaven.

was ever spirit that could bend

25

so graciously?—that could descend,

another’s need to suit,

so promptly from her lofty throne?—

in works of love, in these alone,

how restless, how minute!

30

pale was her hue; yet mortal cheek

ne’er kindled with a livelier streak

when aught had suffered wrong,—

when aught that breathes had felt a wound;

such look the oppressor might confound,

35

however proud and strong.

but hushed be every thought that springs

from out the bitterness of things;

her quiet is secure;

no thorns can pierce her tender feet,

40

whose life was, like the violet sweet,

as climbing jasmine, pure;—

as snowdrop on an infant’s grave,

or lily heaving with the wave

that feeds it and defends;

45

as vesper, ere the star hath kissed

the mountain top, or breathed the mist

that from the vale ascends.

thou takest not away, o death!

thou strik’st—and absence perisheth,

50

indifference is no more;

588 the poems of william wordsworth

the future brightens on our sight;

for on the past hath fallen a light

that tempts us to adore.

“why, minstrel, these untuneful murmurings—”

“why, minstrel, these untuneful murmurings—

dull, flagging notes that with each other jar?”

“think, gentle lady, of a harp so far

from its own country, and forgive the strings.”

a simple answer! but even so forth springs,

5

from the castalian fountain of the heart,

the poetry of life, and all that art

divine of words quickening insensate things.

from the submissive necks of guiltless men

stretched on the block, the glittering axe recoils;

10

sun, moon, and stars, all struggle in the toils

of mortal sympathy; what wonder then

if the poor harp distempered music yields

to its sad lord, far from his native fields?

a morning exercise

fancy, who leads the pastimes of the glad,

full oft is pleased a wayward dart to throw;

sending sad shadows after things not sad,

peopling the harmless fields with signs of woe:

beneath her sway, a simple forest cry

5

becomes an echo of man’s misery.

blithe ravens croak of death; and when the owl

tries his two voices for a favourite strain—

tu-whit—tu-whoo! the unsuspecting fowl

forebodes mishap, or seems but to complain;

10

fancy, intent to harass and annoy,

can thus pervert the evidence of joy.

through border wilds where naked indians stray,

myriads of notes attest her subtle skill;

a feathered task-master cried, “work away!”

15

last poems (1820–1850) 589

and, in thy iteration, “whip poor will,”

is heard the spirit of a toil-worn slave,

lashed out of life, not quiet in the grave!

what wonder? at her bidding, ancient lays

steeped in dire griefs the voice of philomel;

20

and that fleet messenger of summer days,

the swallow, twittered subject to like spell;

but ne’er could fancy bend the buoyant lark

to melancholy service—hark! o hark!

the daisy sleeps upon the dewy lawn,

25

not lifting yet the head that evening bowed;

but he is risen, a later star of dawn,

glittering and twinkling near yon rosy cloud;

bright gem instinct with music, vocal spark;

the happiest bird that sprang out of the ark!

30

hail, blest above all kinds!—supremely skilled

restless with fixed to balance, high with low,

thou leav’st the halcyon free her hopes to build

on such forbearance as the deep may show;

perpetual flight, unchecked by earthly ties,

35

leavest to the wandering bird of paradise.

faithful, though swift as lightning, the meek dove;

yet more hath nature reconciled in thee;

so constant with thy downward eye of love,

yet, in aerial singleness, so free;

40

so humble, yet so ready to rejoice

in power of wing and never-wearied voice!

how would it please old ocean to partake,

with sailors longing for a breeze in vain,

the harmony that thou best lovest to make

45

where earth resembles most his blank domain!

urania’s self might welcome with pleased ear

these matins mounting towards her native sphere.

  “see  waterton’s  wanderings  in  south  america.”  ww  refers  to  charles  waterton’s

wanderings in south america, the north-west of the united states, and the antilles, in the years 1812, 1816, 1820 and 1824 (london, 825).

590 the poems of william wordsworth

chanter by heaven attracted, whom no bars

to day-light known deter from that pursuit,

50

’tis well that some sage instinct, when the stars

come forth at evening, keeps thee still and mute;

for not an eyelid could to sleep incline

were thou among them singing as they shine!

to a sky-lark

ethereal minstrel! pilgrim of the sky!

dost thou despise the earth where cares abound?

or, while the wings aspire, are heart and eye

both with thy nest upon the dewy ground?

thy nest which thou canst drop into at will,

5

those quivering wings composed, that music still!

to the last point of vision, and beyond,

mount, daring warbler! that love-prompted strain,

(’twixt thee and thine a never-failing bond)

thrills not the less the bosom of the plain:

10

yet might’st thou seem, proud privilege! to sing

all independent of the leafy spring.

leave to the nightingale her shady wood;

a privacy of glorious light is thine;

whence thou dost pour upon the world a flood

15

of harmony, with rapture more divine;

type of the wise who soar, but never roam;

true to the kindred points of heaven and home!

“while they, her playmates once, light-hearted tread”

while they, her playmates once, light-hearted tread

the mountain turf and river’s flowery marge;

or float with music in the festal barge;

rein the proud steed, or through the dance are led;

is anna doomed to press a weary bed—

5

till oft her guardian angel, to some charge

more urgent called, will stretch his wings at large,

and friends too rarely prop the languid head.

yet genius is no feeble comforter:

the presence even of a stuffed owl for her

10

last poems (1820–1850) 591

can cheat the time; sending her fancy out

to ivied castles and to moonlight skies,

though he can neither stir a plume, nor shout,

nor veil, with restless film, his staring eyes.

to ———

such age how beautiful! o lady bright,

whose mortal lineaments seem all refined

by favouring nature and a saintly mind

to something purer and more exquisite

than flesh and blood; whene’er thou meet’st my sight,

5

when i behold thy blanched unwithered cheek,

thy temples fringed with locks of gleaming white,

and head that droops because the soul is meek,

thee with the welcome snowdrop i compare;

that child of winter, prompting thoughts that climb

10

from desolation tow’rds the genial prime;

or with the moon conquering earth’s misty air,

and filling more and more with crystal light

as pensive evening deepens into night.

“ere with cold beads of midnight dew”

ere with cold beads of midnight dew

had mingled tears of thine,

i grieved, fond youth! that thou shouldst sue

to haughty geraldine.

immoveable by generous sighs,

5

she glories in a train

who drag, beneath our native skies,

an oriental chain.

pine not like them with arms across,

forgetting in thy care

10

how the fast-rooted trees can toss

their branches in mid air.

the humblest rivulet will take

its own wild liberties;

  addressed to lady fitzgerald, as described to ww by his friend lady beaumont.

592 the poems of william wordsworth

and, every day, the imprisoned lake

15

is flowing in the breeze.

then, crouch no more on suppliant knee,

but scorn with scorn outbrave;

a briton, even in love, should be

a subject, not a slave!

20

inscription

the massy ways, carried across these heights

by roman perseverance, are destroyed,

or hidden under ground, like sleeping worms.

how venture then to hope that time will spare

this humble walk? yet on the mountain’s side

5

a poet’s hand first shaped it; and the steps

of that same bard, repeated to and fro

at morn, at noon, and under moonlight skies,

through the vicissitudes of many a year,

forbade the weeds to creep o’er its grey line.

10

no longer, scattering to the heedless winds

the vocal raptures of fresh poesy,

shall he frequent these precincts; locked no more

in earnest converse with beloved friends,

here will he gather stores of ready bliss,

15

as from the beds and borders of a garden

choice flowers are gathered! but, if power may spring

out of a farewell yearning favoured more

than kindred wishes mated suitably

with vain regrets, the exile would consign

20

this walk, his loved possession, to the care

of those pure minds that reverence the muse.

“strange visitation! at jemima’s lip”

strange visitation! at jemima’s lip

  “this sonnet, as poetry, explains itself, yet the scene of the incident having been a wild

wood, it may be doubted, as a point of natural history, whether the bird was aware that his

attentions were bestowed upon a human, or even a living, creature. but a redbreast will

perch upon the foot of a gardener at work, and alight on the handle of the spade when his

hand is half upon it—this i have seen. and under my own roof i have witnessed affecting

instances of the creature’s friendly visits to the chambers of sick persons, as described in

the author’s poems, [ the redbreast. (suggested in a westmoreland cottage.), included

last poems (1820–1850) 593

thus hadst thou pecked, wild redbreast! love might say,

a half-blown rose had tempted thee to sip

its glistening dews; but hallowed is the clay

which the muse warms; and i, whose head is grey,

5

am not unworthy of thy fellowship;

nor could i let one thought—one motion—slip

that might thy sylvan confidence betray.

for are we not all his, without whose care

vouchsafed no sparrow falleth to the ground?

10

who gives his angels wings to speed through air,

and rolls the planets through the blue profound;

then peck or perch, fond flutterer! nor forbear

to trust a poet in still vision bound.

“when philoctetes in the lemnian isle”

when philoctetes in the lemnian isle

lay couched;—upon that breathless monument,

on him, or on his fearful bow unbent,

some wild bird oft might settle, and beguile

the rigid features of a transient smile,

5

disperse the tear, or to the sigh give vent,

slackening the pains of ruthless banishment

from home affections, and heroic toil.

nor doubt that spiritual creatures round us move,

griefs to allay that reason cannot heal;

10

and very reptiles have sufficed to prove

to fettered wretchedness, that no bastile

is deep enough to exclude the light of love,

though man for brother man has ceased to feel.

retirement

if the whole weight of what we think and feel,

save only far as thought and feeling blend

with action, were as nothing, patriot friend!

from thy remonstrance would be no appeal;

below]. one of these welcome intruders used frequently to roost upon a nail in the wall,

from which a picture had hung, and was ready, as morning came, to pipe his song in the

hearing of the invalid, who had been long confined to her room. these attachments to a

particular person, when marked and continued, used to be reckoned ominous; but the

superstition is passing away.” ww added this note in 838.

594 the poems of william wordsworth

but to promote and fortify the weal

5

of our own being, is her paramount end;

a truth which they alone shall comprehend

who shun the mischief which they cannot heal.

peace in these feverish times is sovereign bliss;

here, with no thirst but what the stream can slake,

10

and startled only by the rustling brake,

cool air i breathe; while the unincumbered mind,

by some weak aims at services assigned

to gentle natures, thanks not heaven amiss.

“fair prime of life! were it enough to gild”

fair prime of life! were it enough to gild

with ready sunbeams every straggling shower;

and, if an unexpected cloud should lower,

swiftly thereon a rainbow arch to build

for fancy’s errands,—then, from fields half-tilled

5

gathering green weeds to mix with poppy flower,

thee might thy minions crown, and chant thy power,

unpitied by the wise, all censure stilled.

ah! show that worthier honours are thy due;

fair prime of life! arouse the deeper heart;

10

confirm the spirit glorying to pursue

some path of steep ascent and lofty aim;

and, if there be a joy that slights the claim

of grateful memory, bid that joy depart.

“go back to antique ages, if thine eyes”

go back to antique ages, if thine eyes

the genuine mien and character would trace

of the rash spirit that still holds her place,

prompting the world’s audacious vanities!

see, at her call, the tower of babel rise;

5

the pyramid extend its monstrous base,

for some aspirant of our short-lived race,

anxious an aery name to immortalize.

there, too, ere wiles and politic dispute

gave specious colouring to aim and act,

10

see the first mighty hunter leave the brute

last poems (1820–1850) 595

to chase mankind, with men in armies packed

for his field-pastime, high and absolute,

while, to dislodge his game, cities are sacked!

“are states oppress’d afflicted and degraded”

are states oppress’d afflicted and degraded

lo! while before minerva’s altar quake

the concious tyrants, like a vengeful snake

leaps forth the sword that lurk’d with myrtles braided!

thence to the capitol by fancy aided

5

the hush’d design of brutus to partake

or watch the hero of the helvetian lake

’till from that rocky couch with pine oershaded

he starts and grasps his deadly carabine

nor let thy thirst forego the draught divine

10

of liberty which like a liquid fountain

refresh’d pelayo on the illustrious mountain;

the swede within the dalecarlian mine

when every hope but his was shrunk and faded.

ode,

composed on may morning

while from the purpling east departs

the star that led the dawn,

blithe flora from her couch upstarts,

for may is on the lawn.

a quickening hope, a freshening glee,

5

foreran the expected power,

whose first-drawn breath, from bush and tree,

shakes off that pearly shower.

all nature welcomes her whose sway,

tempers the year’s extremes;

10

who scattereth lusters o’er noon-day,

like morning’s dewy gleams;

while mellow warble, sprightly trill,

the tremulous heart excite;

and hums the balmy air to still

15

the balance of delight.

596 the poems of william wordsworth

time was, blest power! when youths and maids

at peep of dawn would rise,

and wander forth, in forest glades

thy birth to solemnize.

20

though mute the song—to grace the rite

untouched the hawthorn bough,

thy spirit triumphs o’er the slight;

man changes, but not thou!

thy feathered lieges bill and wings

25

in love’s disport employ;

warmed by thy influence, creeping things

awake to silent joy:

queen art thou still for each gay plant

where the slim wild deer roves;

30

and served in depths where fishes haunt

their own mysterious groves.

cloud-piercing peak, and trackless heath,

instinctive homage pay;

nor wants the dim-lit cave a wreath

35

to honour thee, sweet may!

where cities fanned by thy brisk airs

behold a smokeless sky,

their puniest flower-pot-nursling dares

to open a bright eye.

40

and if, on this thy natal morn,

the pole, from which thy name

hath not departed, stands forlorn

of song and dance and game,

still from the village-green a vow

45

aspires to thee addrest,

wherever peace is on the brow,

or love within the breast.

yes! where love nestles thou canst teach

the soul to love the more;

50

hearts also shall thy lessons reach

that never loved before.

stript is the haughty one of pride,

last poems (1820–1850) 597

the bashful freed from fear,

while rising, like the ocean-tide,

55

in flows the joyous year.

hush, feeble lyre! weak words, refuse

the service to prolong!

to yon exulting thrush the muse

intrusts the imperfect song;

60

his voice shall chant, in accents clear,

throughout the live-long day,

till the first silver star appear,

the sovereignty of may.

to may

though many suns have risen and set

since thou, blithe may, wert born,

and bards, who hailed thee, may forget

thy gifts, thy beauty scorn;

there are who to a birthday strain

5

confine not harp and voice,

but evermore throughout thy reign

are grateful and rejoice!

delicious odours! music sweet,

too sweet to pass away!

10

oh for a deathless song to meet

the soul’s desire—a lay

that, when a thousand years are told,

should praise thee, genial power!

through summer heat, autumnal cold,

15

and winter’s dreariest hour.

earth, sea, thy presence feel—nor less,

if yon ethereal blue

with its soft smile the truth express,

the heavens have felt it too.

20

the inmost heart of man if glad

partakes a livelier cheer;

and eyes that cannot but be sad

let fall a brightened tear.

598 the poems of william wordsworth

since thy return, through days and weeks

25

of hope that grew by stealth,

how many wan and faded cheeks

have kindled into health!

the old, by thee revived, have said,

“another year is ours;”

30

and wayworn wanderers, poorly fed,

have smiled upon thy flowers.

who tripping lisps a merry song

amid his playful peers?

the tender infant who was long

35

a prisoner of fond fears;

but now, when every sharp-edged blast

is quiet in its sheath,

his mother leaves him free to taste

earth’s sweetness in thy breath.

40

thy help is with the weed that creeps

along the humblest ground;

no cliff so bare but on its steeps

thy favours may be found;

but most on some peculiar nook

45

that our own hands have drest,

thou and thy train are proud to look,

and seem to love it best.

and yet how pleased we wander forth

when may is whispering, “come!

50

choose from the bowers of virgin earth

the happiest for your home;

heaven’s bounteous love through me is spread

from sunshine, clouds, winds, waves,

drops on the mouldering turret’s head,

55

and on your turf-clad graves!”

such greeting heard, away with sighs

for lilies that must fade,

or “the rathe primrose as it dies

forsaken” in the shade!

60

vernal fruitions and desires

last poems (1820–1850) 599

are linked in endless chase;

while, as one kindly growth retires,

another takes its place.

and what if thou, sweet may, hast known

65

mishap by worm and blight;

if expectations newly blown

have perished in thy sight;

if loves and joys, while up they sprung,

were caught as in a snare;

70

such is the lot of all the young,

however bright and fair.

lo! streams that april could not check

are patient of thy rule;

gurgling in foamy water-break,

75

loitering in glassy pool:

by thee, thee only, could be sent

such gentle mists as glide,

curling with unconfirmed intent,

on that green mountain’s side.

80

how delicate the leafy veil

through which yon house of god

gleams ’mid the peace of this deep dale

by few but shepherds trod!

and lowly huts, near beaten ways,

85

no sooner stand attired

in thy fresh wreaths, than they for praise

peep forth, and are admired.

season of fancy and of hope,

permit not for one hour

90

a blossom from thy crown to drop,

nor add to it a flower!

keep, lovely may, as if by touch

of self-restraining art,

this modest charm of not too much,

95

part seen, imagined part!

600 the poems of william wordsworth

“once i could hail (howe’er serene the sky)”

“late, late yestreen i saw the new moone

wi’ the auld moone in hir arme.”

ballad of sir patrick spence, percy’s reliques.

once i could hail (howe’er serene the sky)

the moon re-entering her monthly round,

no faculty yet given me to espy

the dusky shape within her arms imbound,

that thin memento of effulgence lost

5

which some have named her predecessor’s ghost.

young, like the crescent that above me shone,

nought i perceived within it dull or dim;

all that appeared was suitable to one

whose fancy had a thousand fields to skim;

10

to expectations spreading with wild growth,

and hope that kept with me her plighted troth.

i saw (ambition quickening at the view)

a silver boat launched on a boundless flood;

a pearly crest, like dian’s when it threw

15

its brightest splendour round a leafy wood;

but not a hint from under-ground, no sign

fit for the glimmering brow of proserpine.

or was it dian’s self that seemed to move

before me? nothing blemished the fair sight;

20

on her i looked whom jocund fairies love,

cynthia, who puts the little stars to flight,

and by that thinning magnifies the great,

for exaltation of her sovereign state.

and when i learned to mark the spectral shape

25

as each new moon obeyed the call of time,

if gloom fell on me, swift was my escape;

such happy privilege hath life’s gay prime,

to see or not to see, as best may please

a buoyant spirit, and a heart at ease.

30

  ww cites thomas percy’s  reliques of ancient english poetry (3 vols.; london, 765).

last poems (1820–1850) 601

now, dazzling stranger! when thou meet’st my glance,

thy dark associate ever i discern;

emblem of thoughts too eager to advance

while i salute my joys, thoughts sad or stern;

shades of past bliss, or phantoms that to gain

35

their fill of promised lustre wait in vain.

so changes mortal life with fleeting years;

a mournful change, should reason fail to bring

the timely insight that can temper fears,

and from vicissitude remove its sting;

40

while faith aspires to seats in that domain

where joys are perfect, neither wax nor wane.

“the lady whom you here behold”

the lady whom you here behold

was once pigmalion’s wife

he made her first from marble cold

and venus gave her life.

when fate remov’d her from his arms

5

thro’ sundry forms she pass’d

and conquering hearts by various charms

this shape she took at last.

we caught her, true tho’ strange th’ account

among a troop of fairies

10

who nightly frisk on our green mount

and practise strange vagaries.

her raiment then was scant, so we

bestowed some pains upon her

part for the sake of decency

15

and part to do her honor.

but as no doubt ’twas for her sins

we found her in such plight

she shall do penance stuck with pins

and serve you day and night.

20

602 the poems of william wordsworth

to ———

happy the feeling from the bosom thrown

in perfect shape whose beauty time shall spare

though a breath made it, like a bubble blown

for summer pastime into wanton air;

happy the thought best likened to a stone

5

of the sea-beach, when, polished with nice care,

veins it discovers exquisite and rare,

which for the loss of that moist gleam atone

that tempted first to gather it. o chief

of friends! such feelings if i here present,

10

such thoughts, with others mixed less fortunate;

then smile into my heart a fond belief

that thou, if not with partial joy elate,

receiv’st the gift for more than mild content!

to s. h.

excuse is needless when with love sincere

of occupation, not by fashion led,

thou turn’st the wheel that slept with dust o’erspread;

my nerves from no such murmur shrink,––tho’ near,

soft as the dorhawk’s to a distant ear,

5

when twilight shades bedim the mountain’s head.

she who was feigned to spin our vital thread

might smile, o lady! on a task once dear

to household virtues. venerable art,

torn from the poor! yet will kind heaven protect

10

its own, not left without a guiding chart,

if rulers, trusting with undue respect

to proud discoveries of the intellect,

sanction the pillage of man’s ancient heart.

“prithee gentle lady list”

prithee gentle lady list

to a small ventriloquist

i whose pretty voice you hear

from this paper speaking clear

  probably addressed to mary wordsworth.

2  sara hutchinson, ww’s sister-in-law.

last poems (1820–1850) 603

have a mother, once a statue!

5

i thus boldly looking at you

do the name of paphus bear

fam’d pygmalion’s son and heir

by that wondrous marble wife

that from venus took her life

10

cupid’s nephew then am i

nor unskilled his darts to ply

but from him i crav’d no warrant

coming thus to seek my parent

not equipp’d with bow and quiver

15

her by menace to deliver

but resolv’d with filial care

her captivity to share

hence while on your toilet she

is doom’d a pincushion to be

20

by her side i’ll take my place

as a humble needlecase

furnish’d too with dainty thread

for a sempstress thorough bred

then let both be kindly treated

25

till the term for which she’s fated

durance to sustain be over

so will i ensure a lover

lady! to your heart’s content

but on harshness are you bent?

30

bitterly shall you repent

when to cyprus back i go

and take up my uncle’s bow.

conclusion

to ———

if these brief records, by the muses’ art

produced as lonely nature or the strife

that animates the scenes of public life

inspired, may in thy leisure claim a part;

and if these transcripts of the private heart

5

  the  sonnet  concluded  the  miscellaneous  sonnets  in  ww’s  poetical works  (827)  and reflects back on them at the close of that series.

604 the poems of william wordsworth

have gained a sanction from thy falling tears,

then i repent not: but my soul hath fears

breathed from eternity; for as a dart

cleaves the blank air, life flies: now every day

is but a glimmering spoke in the swift wheel

10

of the revolving week. away, away,

all fitful cares, all transitory zeal;

so timely grace the immortal wing may heal,

and honour rest upon the senseless clay.

address

to kilchurn castle upon loch awe

“from the top of the hill a most impressive scene opened upon our view,—

a ruined castle on an island at some distance from the shore, backed by a

cove of the mountain cruachan, down which came a foaming stream. the

castle occupied every foot of the island that was visible to us, appearing

to rise out of the water,—mists rested upon the mountain side, with spots

of sunshine; there was a mild desolation in the low-grounds, a solemn

grandeur in the mountains, and the castle was wild, yet stately—not dis-

mantled of turrets—nor the walls broken down, though obviously a ruin.”

extract from the journal of my companion.

child of loud-throated war! the mountain stream

roars in thy hearing; but thy hour of rest

is come, and thou art silent in thy age;

save when the winds sweep by and sounds are caught

ambiguous, neither wholly thine nor theirs.

5

oh! there is life that breathes not; powers there are

that touch each other to the quick in modes

which the gross world no sense hath to perceive,

no soul to dream of. what art thou, from care

10

cast off—abandoned by thy rugged sire,

nor by soft peace adopted; though, in place

and in dimension, such that thou might’st seem

but a mere footstool to yon sovereign lord,

huge cruachan, (a thing that meaner hills

15

might crush, nor know that it had suffered harm;)

yet he, not loth, in favour of thy claims

to reverence suspends his own; submitting

all that the god of nature hath conferred,

last poems (1820–1850) 605

all that he has in common with the stars,

20

to the memorial majesty of time

impersonated in thy calm decay!

take, then, thy seat, vicegerent unreproved!

now, while a farewell gleam of evening light

is fondly lingering on thy shattered front,

25

do thou, in turn, be paramount; and rule

over the pomp and beauty of a scene

whose mountains, torrents, lake, and woods, unite

to pay thee homage; and with these are joined,

in willing admiration and respect,

30

two hearts, which in thy presence might be called

youthful as spring. shade of departed power,

skeleton of unfleshed humanity,

the chronicle were welcome that should call

into the compass of distinct regard

35

the toils and struggles of thy infancy!

yon foaming flood seems motionless as ice;

its dizzy turbulence eludes the eye,

frozen by distance; so, majestic pile,

to the perception of this age, appear

40

thy fierce beginnings, softened and subdued

and quieted in character; the strife,

the pride, the fury uncontrollable,

lost on the aërial heights of the crusades!

“scorn not the sonnet; critic, you have frowned”

scorn not the sonnet; critic, you have frowned,

mindless of its just honours;—with this key

shakspeare unlocked his heart; the melody

of this small lute gave ease to petrarch’s wound;

a thousand times this pipe did tasso sound;

5

camöens soothed with it an exile’s grief;

the sonnet glittered a gay myrtle leaf

amid the cypress with which dante crowned

his visionary brow: a glow-worm lamp,

it cheered mild spenser, called from faery-land

10

  “the tradition is, that the castle was built by a lady during the absence of her lord in

palestine.” ww

606 the poems of william wordsworth

to struggle through dark ways; and when a damp

fell round the path of milton, in his hand

the thing became a trumpet, whence he blew

soul-animating strains—alas, too few!

“there is a pleasure in poetic pains”

there is a pleasure in poetic pains

which only poets know;—’twas rightly said;

whom could the muses else allure to tread

their smoothest paths, to wear their lightest chains?

when happiest fancy has inspired the strains,

5

how oft the malice of one luckless word

pursues the enthusiast to the social board,

haunts him belated on the silent plains!

yet he repines not, if his thought stand clear

at last of hindrance and obscurity,

10

fresh as the star that crowns the brow of morn;

bright, speckless as a softly-moulded tear

the moment it has left the virgin’s eye,

or rain-drop lingering on the pointed thorn.

to the cuckoo

not the whole warbling grove in concert heard

when sunshine follows shower, the breast can thrill

like the first summons, cuckoo! of thy bill,

with its twin notes inseparably paired.

the captive, ’mid damp vaults unsunned, unaired,

5

measuring the periods of his lonely doom,

that cry can reach; and to the sick man’s room

sends gladness, by no languid smile declared.

the lordly eagle-race through hostile search

may perish; time may come when never more

10

the wilderness shall hear the lion roar;

but, long as cock shall crow from household perch

to rouse the dawn, soft gales shall speed thy wing,

and thy erratic voice be faithful to the spring!

“in my mind’s eye a temple, like a cloud”

in my mind’s eye a temple, like a cloud

last poems (1820–1850) 607

slowly surmounting some invidious hill,

rose out of darkness: the bright work stood still,

and might of its own beauty have been proud,

but it was fashioned and to god was vowed

5

by virtues that diffused, in every part,

spirit divine through forms of human art:

faith had her arch—her arch, when winds blow loud,

into the consciousness of safety thrilled;

and love her towers of dread foundation laid

10

under the grave of things; hope had her spire

star-high, and pointing still to something higher;

trembling i gazed, but heard a voice—it said,

hell-gates are powerless phantoms when we build.

on seeing a needlecase in the form of a harp,

the work of e. m. s.

frowns are on every muse’s face,

reproaches from their lips are sent,

that mimickry should thus disgrace

the noble instrument.

a very harp in all but size!

5

needles for strings in apt gradation!

minerva’s self would stigmatize

the unclassic profanation.

even her own needle that subdued

arachne’s rival spirit,

10

though wrought in vulcan’s happiest mood,

like station could not merit.

and this, too, from the laureate’s child,

a living lord of melody!

how will her sire be reconciled

15

to the refined indignity?

i spake, when whispered a low voice,

“bard! moderate your ire;

“spirits of all degrees rejoice

  edith may southey was the daughter of robert southey of greta hall, keswick.

608 the poems of william wordsworth

“in presence of the lyre.

20

“the minstrels of pygmean bands,

“dwarf genii, moonlight-loving fays,

“have shells to fit their tiny hands

“and suit their slender lays.

“some, still more delicate of ear,

25

“have lutes (believe my words)

“whose framework is of gossamer,

“while sunbeams are the chords.

“gay sylphs this miniature will court,

“made vocal by their brushing wings,

30

“and sullen gnomes will learn to sport

“around its polished strings;

“whence strains to love-sick maiden dear,

“while in her lonely bower she tries

“to cheat the thought she cannot cheer,

35

“by fanciful embroideries.

“trust, angry bard! a knowing sprite,

“nor think the harp her lot deplores;

“though mid the stars the lyre shines bright,

“love stoops as fondly as he soars.”

40

“her only pilot the soft breeze the boat”

her only pilot the soft breeze the boat

lingers, but fancy is well satisfied;

with keen-eyed hope, with memory, at her side,

and the glad muse at liberty to note

all that to each is precious, as we float

5

gently along; regardless who shall chide

if the heavens smile, and leave us free to glide,

happy associates breathing air remote

from trivial cares. but, fancy and the muse,

why have i crowded this small bark with you

10

and others of your kind, ideal crew!

while here sits one whose brightness owes its hues

to flesh and blood; no goddess from above,

last poems (1820–1850) 609

no fleeting spirit, but my own true love?

farewell lines

“high bliss is only for a higher state,”

but, surely, if severe afflictions borne

with patience merit the reward of peace,

peace ye deserve; and may the solid good,

sought by a wise though late exchange, and here

5

with bounteous hand beneath a cottage-roof

to you accorded, never be withdrawn,

nor for the world’s best promises renounced.

most soothing was it for a welcome friend,

fresh from the crowded city, to behold

10

that lonely union, privacy so deep,

such calm employments, such entire content.

so, when the rain is over, the storm laid,

a pair of herons oft-times have i seen,

upon a rocky islet, side by side,

15

drying their feathers in the sun, at ease;

and so, when night with grateful gloom had fallen,

two glowworms in such nearness that they shared,

as seemed, their soft self-satisfying light,

each with the other, on the dewy ground,

20

where he that made them blesses their repose.

when wandering among lakes and hills i note,

once more, those creatures thus by nature paired,

and guarded in their tranquil state of life,

even, as your happy presence to my mind

25

their union brought, will they repay the debt,

and send a thankful spirit back to you,

with hope that we, dear friends! shall meet again.

extract from the strangers book

station winandermere

“lord and lady darlington, lady vane, miss taylor and capn stamp

pronounce this lake superior to lac de geneve, lago de como, lago

maggiore, l’eau de zurick, loch lomond, loch ketterine or the lakes

of killarney”—

610 the poems of william wordsworth

on seeing the above

my lord and lady darlington

i would not speak in snarling tone

nor to you good lady vane

would i give one moment’s pain

nor miss taylor captain stamp

5

would i your flights of memory cramp

yet having spent a summer’s day

on the green margin of loch tay

and doubled (prospects ever bettering)

the mazy reaches of loch ketterine

10

and more than once been free at luss

loch lomond’s beauties to discuss

and wish’d at least to hear the blarney

of the sly boatmen of killarney

and dipt my hand in dancing wave

15

of “eau de zurich lac genêve”

and bow’d to many a major domo

on stately terraces of como

and seen the simplon’s forehead hoary

reclined on lago maggiore

20

at breathless eventide at rest

on the broad water’s placid breast

i, not insensible heaven knows

to the charms this station shows,

must tell you capn lord and ladies,

25

for honest truth one poet’s trade is,

that your praise appears to me

folly’s own hyperbole—!

“four fiery steeds impatient of the rein”

four fiery steeds impatient of the rein

whirled us o’er sunless ground beneath a sky

as void of sunshine, when, from that wide plain,

clear tops of far-off mountains we descry,

like a sierra of cerulean spain,

5

all light and lustre. did no heart reply?

yes, there was one;—for one, asunder fly

the thousand links of that ethereal chain;

last poems (1820–1850) 611

and green vales open out, with grove and field,

and the fair front of many a happy home;

10

such tempting spots as into vision come

while soldiers, of the weapons that they wield

weary, and sick of strifeful christendom,

gaze on the moon by parting clouds revealed.

roman antiquities discovered,

at bishopstone, herefordshire

while poring antiquarians search the ground

upturned with curious pains, the bard, a seer,

takes fire:—the men that have been reappear;

romans for travel girt, for business gowned,

and some recline on couches, myrtle-crowned,

5

in festal glee: why not? for fresh and clear,

as if its hues were of the passing year,

dawns this time-buried pavement. from that mound

hoards may come forth of trajans, maximins,

shrunk into coins with all their warlike toil:

10

or a fierce impress issues with its foil

of tenderness—the wolf, whose suckling twins

the unlettered ploughboy pities when he wins

the casual treasure from the furrowed soil.

st. catherine of ledbury

when human touch, as monkish books attest,

nor was applied nor could be, ledbury bells

broke forth in concert flung adown the dells,

and upward, high as malvern’s cloudy crest;

sweet tones, and caught by a noble lady blest

5

to rapture! mabel listened at the side

of her loved mistress: soon the music died,

and catherine said, “here i set up my rest.”

warned in a dream, the wanderer long had sought

a home that by such miracle of sound

10

must be revealed:—she heard it now, or felt

the deep, deep joy of a confiding thought;

and there, a saintly anchoress she dwelt

till she exchanged for heaven that happy ground.

612 the poems of william wordsworth

to ———

[miss not the occasion; by the forelock take

that subtile power, the never-halting time,

lest a mere moment’s putting-off should make

mischance almost as heavy as a crime.]

“wait, prithee, wait!” this answer lesbia threw

forth to her dove, and took no further heed;

her eye was busy, while her fingers flew

across the harp, with soul-engrossing speed;

but from that bondage when her thoughts were freed

5

she rose, and toward the close-shut casement drew,

whence the poor unregarded favorite, true

to old affections, had been heard to plead

with flapping wing for entrance. what a shriek

forced from that voice so lately tuned to a strain

10

of harmony!—a shriek of terror, pain,

and self-reproach!—for, from aloft, a kite

pounced, and the dove, which from its ruthless beak

she could not rescue, perished in her sight!

filial piety

untouched through all severity of cold,

inviolate, whate’er the cottage hearth

might need for comfort, or for festal mirth,

that pile of turf is half a century old:

yes, traveller! fifty winters have been told

5

since suddenly the dart of death went forth

’gainst him who raised it,—his last work on earth;

thence by his son more prized than aught which gold

could purchase—watched, preserved by his own hands,

that, faithful to the structure, still repair

10

its waste.—though crumbling with each breath of air,

in annual renovation thus it stands—

rude mausoleum! but wrens nestle there,

and red-breasts warble when sweet sounds are rare.

  addressed to ellen loveday walker.

last poems (1820–1850) 613

a grave-stone upon the floor in the cloisters

of worcester cathedral

“miserrimus!” and neither name nor date,

prayer, text, or symbol, graven upon the stone;

nought but that word assigned to the unknown,

that solitary word—to separate

from all, and cast a cloud around the fate

5

of him who lies beneath. most wretched one,

who chose his epitaph? himself alone

could thus have dared the grave to agitate,

and claim, among the dead, this awful crown;

nor doubt that he marked also for his own,

10

close to these cloistral steps a burial-place,

that every foot might fall with heavier tread,

trampling upon his vileness. stranger, pass

softly!—to save the contrite, jesus bled.

the wishing-gate

in the vale of grasmere, by the side of the high-way, leading to ambleside,

is a gate, which, time out of mind, has been called the wishing-gate, from a

belief that wishes formed or indulged there have a favourable issue.

hope rules a land for ever green:

all powers that serve the bright-eyed queen

are confident and gay;

clouds at her bidding disappear;

points she to aught?—the bliss draws near,

5

and fancy smooths the way.

not such the land of wishes—there

dwell fruitless day-dreams, lawless prayer,

and thoughts with things at strife;

yet how forlorn should ye depart,

10

ye superstitions of the heart,

how poor were human life!

when magic lore abjured its might,

ye did not forfeit one dear right,

one tender claim abate;

15

  see “the wishing-gate destroyed,” below, and ww’s note to that poem.

614 the poems of william wordsworth

witness this symbol of your sway,

surviving near the public way,

the rustic wishing-gate!

inquire not if the faery race

shed kindly influence on the place,

20

ere northward they retired;

if here a warrior left a spell,

panting for glory as he fell;

or here a saint expired.

enough that all around is fair,

25

composed with nature’s finest care,

and in her fondest love;

peace to embosom and content,

to overawe the turbulent,

the selfish to reprove.

30

yea! even the stranger from afar,

reclining on this moss-grown bar,

unknowing, and unknown,

the infection of the ground partakes,

longing for his belov’d—who makes

35

all happiness her own.

then why should conscious spirits fear

the mystic stirrings that are here,

the ancient faith disclaim?

the local genius ne’er befriends

40

desires whose course in folly ends,

whose just reward is shame.

smile if thou wilt, but not in scorn,

if some, by ceaseless pains outworn,

here crave an easier lot;

45

if some have thirsted to renew

a broken vow, or bind a true,

with firmer, holier knot.

and not in vain, when thoughts are cast

upon the irrevocable past,

50

some penitent sincere

last poems (1820–1850) 615

may for a worthier future sigh,

while trickles from his downcast eye

no unavailing tear.

the worldling, pining to be freed

55

from turmoil, who would turn or speed

the current of his fate,

might stop before this favoured scene,

at nature’s call, nor blush to lean

upon the wishing-gate.

60

the sage, who feels how blind, how weak

is man, though loth such help to seek,

yet, passing, here might pause,

and yearn for insight to allay

misgiving, while the crimson day

65

in quietness withdraws;

or when the church-clock’s knell profound

to time’s first step across the bound

of midnight makes reply;

time pressing on with starry crest,

70

to filial sleep upon the breast

of dread eternity!

a tradition of darley dale, derbyshire

’tis said that to the brow of yon fair hill

two brothers clomb, and, turning face from face,

nor one look more exchanging, grief to still

or feed, each planted on that lofty place

a chosen tree; then, eager to fulfil

5

their courses, like two new-born rivers, they

in opposite directions urged their way

down from the far-seen mount. no blast might kill

or blight that fond memorial;—the trees grew,

and now entwine their arms; but ne’er again

10

embraced those brothers upon earth’s wide plain;

nor aught of mutual joy or sorrow knew

until their spirits mingled in the sea

that to itself takes all—eternity.

616 the poems of william wordsworth

“the unremitting voice of nightly streams”

the unremitting voice of nightly streams

that wastes so oft, we think, its tuneful powers,

if neither soothing to the worm that gleams

through dewy grass, nor small birds hushed in bowers,

nor unto silent leaves and drowsy flowers,—

5

that voice of unpretending harmony

(for who what is shall measure by what seems

to be, or not to be,

or tax high heaven with prodigality?)

wants not a healing influence that can creep

10

into the human breast, and mix with sleep

to regulate the motion of our dreams

for kindly issues—as through every clime

was felt near murmuring brooks in earliest time;

as at this day, the rudest swains who dwell

15

where torrents roar, or hear the tinkling knell

of water-breaks, with grateful heart could tell.

the gleaner (suggested by a picture)

that happy gleam of vernal eyes,

those locks from summer’s golden skies,

that o’er thy brow are shed;

that cheek—a kindling of the morn,

that lip—a rose-bud from the thorn,

5

i saw;—and fancy sped

to scenes arcadian, whispering, through soft air,

of bliss that grows without a care,

of happiness that never flies—

how can it where love never dies?

10

of promise whispering, where no blight

can reach the innocent delight;

where pity, to the mind conveyed

in pleasure, is the darkest shade

that time, unwrinkled grandsire, flings

15

from his smoothly-gliding wings.

what mortal form, what earthly face,

inspired the pencil, lines to trace,

last poems (1820–1850) 617

and mingle colours, that should breed

such rapture, nor want power to feed;

20

for had thy charge been idle flowers,

fair damsel, o’er my captive mind,

to truth and sober reason blind,

’mid that soft air, those long-lost bowers,

the sweet illusion might have hung, for hours.

25

—thanks to this tell-tale sheaf of corn,

that touchingly bespeaks thee born

life’s daily tasks with them to share

who, whether from their lowly bed

they rise, or rest the weary head,

30

ponder the blessing they entreat

from heaven, and feel what they repeat,

while they give utterance to the prayer

that asks for daily bread.

the triad

show me the noblest youth of present time,

whose trembling fancy would to love give birth;

some god or hero, from the olympian clime

returned, to seek a consort upon earth;

or, in no doubtful prospect, let me see

5

the brightest star of ages yet to be,

and i will mate and match him blissfully.

i will not fetch a naiad from a flood

pure as herself—(song lacks not mightier power)

nor leaf-crowned dryad from a pathless wood,

10

nor sea-nymph glistening from her coral bower;

mere mortals bodied forth in vision still,

shall with mount ida’s triple lustre fill

the chaster coverts of a british hill.

“appear!—obey my lyre’s command!

15

come, like the graces, hand in hand!

for ye, though not by birth allied,

1 ww identified the three young women addressed in the poem as edith may southey, daughter  of  robert  southey,  his  own  daughter  dora,  and  sara  coleridge,  daughter  of samuel t. coleridge.

618 the poems of william wordsworth

are sisters in the bond of love;

and not the boldest tongue of envious pride

in you those interweavings could reprove

20

which they, the progeny of jove,

learnt from the tuneful spheres that glide

in endless union earth and sea above.”—

—i speak in vain,—the pines have hushed their waving:

a peerless youth expectant at my side,

25

breathless as they, with unabated craving

looks to the earth, and to the vacant air;

and, with a wandering eye that seems to chide,

asks of the clouds what occupants they hide:—

but why solicit more than sight could bear,

30

by casting on a moment all we dare?

invoke we those bright beings one by one,

and what was boldly promised, truly shall be done.

“fear not this constraining measure!

drawn by a poetic spell,

35

lucida! from domes of pleasure,

or from cottage-sprinkled dell,

come to regions solitary,

where the eagle builds her aery,

above the hermit’s long-forsaken cell!”

40

—she comes!—behold

that figure, like a ship with silver sail!

nearer she draws—a breeze uplifts her veil—

upon her coming wait

as pure a sunshine and as soft a gale

45

as e’er, on herbage covering earthly mould,

tempted the bird of juno to unfold

his richest splendour, when his veering gait

and every motion of his starry train

seem governed by a strain

50

of music, audible to him alone.—

o lady, worthy of earth’s proudest throne!

nor less, by excellence of nature, fit

beside an unambitious hearth to sit

domestic queen, where grandeur is unknown;

55

what living man could fear

last poems (1820–1850) 619

the worst of fortune’s malice, wert thou near,

humbling that lily stem, thy sceptre meek,

that its fair flowers may brush from off his cheek

the too, too happy tear?

60

——queen and handmaid lowly!

whose skill can speed the day with lively cares,

and banish melancholy

by all that mind invents or hand prepares;

o thou, against whose lip, without its smile,

65

and in its silence even, no heart is proof;

whose goodness, sinking deep, would reconcile

the softest nursling of a gorgeous palace

to the bare life beneath the hawthorn roof

of sherwood’s archer, or in caves of wallace—

70

who that hath seen thy beauty could content

his soul with but a glimpse of heavenly day?

who that hath loved thee, but would lay

his strong hand on the wind, if it were bent

to take thee in thy majesty away?

75

—pass onward (even the glancing deer

till we depart intrude not here;)

that mossy slope, o’er which the woodbine throws

a canopy, is smoothed for thy repose!”

glad moment is it when the throng

80

of warblers in full concert strong

strive, and not vainly strive, to rout

the lagging shower, and force coy phœbus out,

met by the rainbow’s form divine,

issuing from her cloudy shrine;—

85

so may the thrillings of the lyre

prevail to further our desire,

while to these shades a nymph i call,

the youngest of the lovely three.—

“come, if the notes thine ear may pierce;

90

submissive to the might of verse,

by none more deeply felt than thee!”

—i sang; and lo! from pastimes virginal

she hastens to the tents

of nature, and the lonely elements.

95

620 the poems of william wordsworth

air sparkles round her with a dazzling sheen,

and mark her glowing cheek, her vesture green!

and, as if wishful to disarm

or to repay the potent charm,

she bears the stringed lute of old romance,

100

that cheered the trellised arbour’s privacy,

and soothed war-wearied knights in raftered hall.

how light her air! how delicate her glee!

so tripped the muse, inventress of the dance;

so, truant in waste woods, the blithe euphrosyne!

105

but the ringlets of that head

why are they ungarlanded?

why bedeck her temples less

than the simplest shepherdess?

is it not a brow inviting

110

choicest flowers that ever breathed,

which the myrtle would delight in

with idalian rose enwreathed?

but her humility is well content

with one wild floweret (call it not forlorn)

115

flower of the winds, beneath her bosom worn;

yet is it more for love than ornament.

open, ye thickets! let her fly,

swift as a thracian nymph o’er field and height!

for she, to all but those who love her shy,

120

would gladly vanish from a stranger’s sight;

though where she is beloved, and loves, as free

as bird that rifles blossoms on a tree,

turning them inside out with arch audacity.

alas! how little can a moment show

125

of an eye where feeling plays

in ten thousand dewy rays;

a face o’er which a thousand shadows go!

—she stops—is fastened to that rivulet’s side;

and there (while, with sedater mien,

130

o’er timid waters that have scarcely left

their birth-place in the rocky cleft

she bends) at leisure may be seen

last poems (1820–1850) 621

features to old ideal grace allied,

amid their smiles and dimples dignified—

135

fit countenance for the soul of primal truth,

the bland composure of eternal youth!

what more changeful than the sea?

but over his great tides

fidelity presides;

140

and this light-hearted maiden constant is as he.—

high is her aim as heaven above,

and wide as ether her good-will,

and, like the lowly reed, her love

can drink its nurture from the scantiest rill;

145

insight as keen as frosty star

is to her charity no bar,

nor interrupts her frolic graces

when she is, far from these wild places,

encircled by familiar faces.

150

o the charm that manners draw,

nature, from thy genuine law!

if from what her hand would do,

her voice would utter, there ensue

aught untoward or unfit,

155

she, in benign affections pure,

in self-forgetfulness secure,

sheds round the transient harm or vague mischance

a light unknown to tutored elegance:

her’s is not a cheek shame-stricken,

160

but her blushes are joy-flushes—

and the fault (if fault it be)

only ministers to quicken

laughter-loving gaiety,

and kindle sportive wit—

165

leaving this daughter of the mountains free

as if she knew that oberon king of faery

had crossed her purpose with some quaint vagary,

and heard his viewless bands

over their mirthful triumph clapping hands.

170

“last of the three, though eldest born,

622 the poems of william wordsworth

reveal thyself, like pensive morn,

touched by the skylark’s earliest note,

ere humbler gladness be afloat.

but whether in the semblance drest

175

of dawn—or eve, fair vision of the west,

come with each anxious hope subdued

by woman’s gentle fortitude,

each grief, through meekness, settling into rest.

—or i would hail thee when some high-wrought page

180

of a closed volume lingering in thy hand

has raised thy spirit to a peaceful stand

among the glories of a happier age.”

—her brow hath opened on me—see it there,

brightening the umbrage of her hair;

185

so gleams the crescent moon, that loves

to be descried through shady groves.

—tenderest bloom is on her cheek;

wish not for a richer streak—

nor dread the depth of meditative eye;

190

but let thy love, upon that azure field

of thoughtfulness and beauty, yield

its homage offered up in purity.—

what would’st thou more? in sunny glade

or under leaves of thickest shade,

195

was such a stillness e’er diffused

since earth grew calm while angels mused?

softly she treads, as if her foot were loth

to crush the mountain dew-drops, soon to melt

on the flower’s breast; as if she felt

200

that flowers themselves, whate’er their hue,

with all their fragrance, all their glistening,

call to the heart for inward listening;

and though for bridal wreaths and tokens true

welcomed wisely—though a growth

205

which the careless shepherd sleeps on,

as fitly spring from turf the mourner weeps on,

and without wrong are cropped the marble tomb to strew.

the charm is over; the mute phantoms gone,

nor will return—but droop not, favoured youth;

210

last poems (1820–1850) 623

the apparition that before thee shone

obeyed a summons covetous of truth.

from these wild rocks thy footsteps i will guide

to bowers in which thy fortune may be tried,

and one of the bright three become thy happy bride!

215

stanzas

on

the power of sound

argument.

the ear addressed, as occupied by a spiritual functionary, in communion

with sounds, individual, or combined in studied harmony.—sources and

effects of those sounds (to the close of 6th stanza).—the power of music,

whence proceeding, exemplified in the idiot.—origin of music, and its

effect in early ages—how produced (to the middle of 10th stanza).—the

mind recalled to sounds acting casually and severally.—wish uttered (11th

stanza) that these could be united into a scheme or system for moral inter-

ests and intellectual contemplation.—(stanza 12th.) the pythagorean theory

of numbers and music, with their supposed power over the motions of the

universe—imaginations consonant with such a theory.—wish expressed (in

11th stanza) realised, in some degree, by the representation of all sounds

under the form of thanksgiving to the creator.—(last stanza) the destruction

of earth and the planetary system—the survival of audible harmony, and its

support in the divine nature, as revealed in holy writ.

on the power of sound

1

thy functions are etherial,

as if within thee dwelt a glancing mind,

organ of vision! and a spirit aerial

informs the cell of hearing, dark and blind;

intricate labyrinth, more dread for thought

5

to enter than oracular cave;

strict passage, through which sighs are brought,

and whispers, for the heart, their slave;

and shrieks, that revel in abuse

of shivering flesh; and warbled air,

10

624 the poems of william wordsworth

whose piercing sweetness can unloose

the chains of frenzy, or entice a smile

into the ambush of despair;

hosannas pealing down the long-drawn aisle,

and requiems answered by the pulse that beats

15

devoutly, in life’s last retreats!

2

the headlong streams and fountains

serve thee, invisible spirit, with untired powers;

cheering the wakeful tent on syrian mountains,

they lull perchance ten thousand thousand flowers.

20

that roar, the prowling lion’s here i am,

how fearful to the desert wide!

that bleat, how tender! of the dam

calling a straggler to her side.

shout, cuckoo! let the vernal soul

25

go with thee to the frozen zone;

toll from thy loftiest perch, lone bell-bird, toll!

at the still hour to mercy dear,

mercy from her twilight throne

listening to nun’s faint sob of holy fear,

30

to sailor’s prayer breathed from a darkening sea,

or widow’s cottage lullaby.

3

ye voices, and ye shadows,

and images of voice—to hound and horn

from rocky steep and rock-bestudded meadows

35

flung back, and, in the sky’s blue caves, reborn,

on with your pastime! till the church-tower bells

a greeting give of measured glee;

and milder echoes from their cells

repeat the bridal symphony.

40

then, or far earlier, let us rove

where mists are breaking up or gone,

and from aloft look down into a cove

besprinkled with a careless quire,

happy milk-maids, one by one

45

last poems (1820–1850) 625

scattering a ditty each to her desire,

a liquid concert matchless by nice art,

a stream as if from one full heart.

4

blest be the song that brightens

the blind man’s gloom, exalts the veteran’s mirth;

50

unscorned the peasant’s whistling breath, that lightens

his duteous toil of furrowing the green earth.

for the tired slave, song lifts the languid oar,

and bids it aptly fall, with chime

that beautifies the fairest shore,

55

and mitigates the harshest clime.

yon pilgrims see—in lagging file

they move; but soon the appointed way

a choral ave marie shall beguile,

and to their hope the distant shrine

60

glisten with a livelier ray:

nor friendless he, the prisoner of the mine,

who from the well-spring of his own clear breast

can draw, and sing his griefs to rest.

5

when civic renovation

65

dawns on a kingdom, and for needful haste

best eloquence avails not, inspiration

mounts with a tune, that travels like a blast

piping through cave and battlemented tower;

then starts the sluggard, pleased to meet

70

that voice of freedom, in its power

of promises, shrill, wild, and sweet!

who, from a martial pageant, spreads

incitements of a battle-day,

thrilling the unweaponed crowd with plumeless heads;

75

even she whose lydian airs inspire

peaceful striving, gentle play

of timid hope and innocent desire

shot from the dancing graces, as they move

fanned by the plausive wings of love.

80

626 the poems of william wordsworth

6

how oft along thy mazes,

regent of sound, have dangerous passions trod!

o thou, through whom the temple rings with praises,

and blackening clouds in thunder speak of god,

betray not by the cozenage of sense

85

thy votaries, wooingly resigned

to a voluptuous influence

that taints the purer, better mind;

but lead sick fancy to a harp

that hath in noble tasks been tried;

90

and, if the virtuous feel a pang too sharp,

soothe it into patience,—stay

the uplifted arm of suicide;

and let some mood of thine in firm array

knit every thought the impending issue needs,

95

ere martyr burns, or patriot bleeds!

7

as conscience, to the centre

of being, smites with irresistible pain,

so shall a solemn cadence, if it enter

the mouldy vaults of the dull idiot’s brain,

100

transmute him to a wretch from quiet hurled—

convulsed as by a jarring din;

and then aghast, as at the world

of reason partially let in

by concords winding with a sway

105

terrible for sense and soul!

or, awed he weeps, struggling to quell dismay.

point not these mysteries to an art

lodged above the starry pole;

pure modulations flowing from the heart

110

of divine love, where wisdom, beauty, truth

with order dwell, in endless youth?

8

oblivion may not cover

all treasures hoarded by the miser, time.

last poems (1820–1850) 627

orphean insight! truth’s undaunted lover,

115

to the first leagues of tutored passion climb,

when music deigned within this grosser sphere

her subtle essence to enfold,

and voice and shell drew forth a tear

softer than nature’s self could mould.

120

yet strenuous was the infant age:

art, daring because souls could feel,

stirred nowhere but an urgent equipage

of rapt imagination sped her march

through the realms of woe and weal:

125

hell to the lyre bowed low; the upper arch

rejoiced that clamorous spell and magic verse

her wan disasters could disperse.

9

the gift to king amphion

that walled a city with its melody

130

was for belief no dream; thy skill, arion!

could humanise the creatures of the sea,

where men were monsters. a last grace he craves,

leave for one chant;— the dulcet sound

steals from the deck o’er willing waves,

135

and listening dolphins gather round.

self-cast, as with a desperate course,

’mid that strange audience, he bestrides

a proud one docile as a managed horse;

and singing, while the accordant hand

140

sweeps his harp, the master rides;

so shall he touch at length a friendly strand,

and he, with his preserver, shine star-bright

in memory, through silent night.

10

the pipe of pan, to shepherds

145

couched in the shadow of menalian pines,

was passing sweet; the eyeballs of the leopards,

that in high triumph drew the lord of vines,

how did they sparkle to the cymbal’s clang!

628 the poems of william wordsworth

while fauns and satyrs beat the ground

150

in cadence,—and silenus swang

this way and that, with wild-flowers crowned.

to life, to life give back thine ear:

ye who are longing to be rid

of fable, though to truth subservient, hear

155

the little sprinkling of cold earth that fell

echoed from the coffin lid;

the convict’s summons in the steeple knell;

“the vain distress-gun,” from a leeward shore,

repeated—heard, and heard no more!

160

11

for terror, joy, or pity,

vast is the compass, and the swell of notes:

from the babe’s first cry to voice of regal city,

rolling a solemn sea-like bass, that floats

far as the woodlands—with the trill to blend

165

of that shy songstress, whose love-tale

might tempt an angel to descend,

while hovering o’er the moonlight vale.

o for some soul-affecting scheme

of moral music, to unite

170

wanderers whose portion is the faintest dream

of memory!—o that they might stoop to bear

chains, such precious chains of sight

as laboured minstrelsies through ages wear!

o for a balance fit the truth to tell

175

of the unsubstantial, pondered well!

12

by one pervading spirit

of tones and numbers all things are controlled,

as sages taught, where faith was found to merit

initiation in that mystery old.

180

the heavens, whose aspect makes our minds as still

as they themselves appear to be,

innumerable voices fill

with everlasting harmony;

last poems (1820–1850) 629

the towering headlands, crowned with mist,

185

their feet among the billows, know

that ocean is a mighty harmonist;

thy pinions, universal air,

ever waving to and fro,

are delegates of harmony, and bear

190

strains that support the seasons in their round;

stern winter loves a dirge-like sound.

13

break forth into thanksgiving,

ye banded instruments of wind and chords;

unite, to magnify the ever-living,

195

your inarticulate notes with the voice of words!

nor hushed be service from the lowing mead,

nor mute the forest hum of noon;

thou too be heard, lone eagle! freed

from snowy peak and cloud, attune

200

thy hungry barkings to the hymn

of joy, that from her utmost walls

the six-days’ work, by flaming seraphim,

transmits to heaven! as deep to deep

shouting through one valley calls,

205

all worlds, all natures, mood and measure keep

for praise and ceaseless gratulation, poured

into the ear of god, their lord!

14

a voice to light gave being;

to time, and man his earth-born chronicler;

210

a voice shall finish doubt and dim foreseeing,

and sweep away life’s visionary stir;

the trumpet (we, intoxicate with pride,

arm at its blast for deadly wars)

to archangelic lips applied,

215

the grave shall open, quench the stars.

o silence! are man’s noisy years

no more than moments of thy life?

is harmony, blest queen of smiles and tears,

630 the poems of william wordsworth

with her smooth tones and discords just,

220

tempered into rapturous strife,

thy destined bond-slave? no! though earth be dust

and vanish, though the heavens dissolve, her stay

is in the word, that shall not pass away.

the egyptian maid;

or,

the romance of the water lily

[for the name and persons in the following poem, see the “history of the

renowned prince arthur and his knights of the round table;” for the rest the

author is answerable; only it may be proper to add, that the lotus, with the

bust of the goddess appearing to rise out of the full-blown flower, was sug-

gested by the beautiful work of ancient art, once included among the townley

marbles, and now in the british museum.]

while merlin paced the cornish sands,

forth-looking toward the rocks of scilly,

the pleased enchanter was aware

of a bright ship that seemed to hang in air,

yet was she work of mortal hands,

5

and took from men her name—the water lily.

soft was the wind, that landward blew;

and, as the moon, o’er some dark hill ascendant,

grows from a little edge of light

to a full orb, this pinnace bright,

10

became, as nearer to the coast she drew,

more glorious, with spread sail and streaming pendant.

upon this winged shape so fair

sage merlin gazed with admiration:

her lineaments, thought he, surpass

15

aught that was ever shown in magic glass;

was ever built with patient care;

or, at a touch, set forth with wondrous transformation.

now, though a mechanist, whose skill

shames the degenerate grasp of modern science,

20

grave merlin (and belike the more

last poems (1820–1850) 631

for practising occult and perilous lore)

was subject to a freakish will

that sapped good thoughts, or scared them with defiance.

provoked to envious spleen, he cast

25

an altered look upon the advancing stranger

whom he had hailed with joy, and cried,

“my art shall help to tame her pride—”

anon the breeze became a blast,

and the waves rose, and sky portended danger.

30

with thrilling word, and potent sign

traced on the beach, his work the sorcerer urges;

the clouds in blacker clouds are lost,

like spiteful fiends that vanish, crossed

by fiends of aspect more malign;

35

and the winds roused the deep with fiercer scourges.

but worthy of the name she bore

was this sea-flower, this buoyant galley;

supreme in loveliness and grace

of motion, whether in the embrace

40

of trusty anchorage, or scudding o’er

the main flood roughened into hill and valley.

behold, how wantonly she laves

her sides, the wizard’s craft confounding;

like something out of ocean sprung

45

to be for ever fresh and young,

breasts the sea-flashes, and huge waves

top-gallant high, rebounding and rebounding!

but ocean under magic heaves,

and cannot spare the thing he cherished:

50

ah! what avails that she was fair,

luminous, blithe, and debonair?

the storm has stripped her of her leaves;

the lily floats no longer!—she hath perished.

grieve for her,—she deserves no less;

55

so like, yet so unlike, a living creature!

no heart had she, no busy brain;

632 the poems of william wordsworth

though loved, she could not love again;

though pitied, feel her own distress;

nor aught that troubles us, the fools of nature.

60

yet is there cause for gushing tears;

so richly was this galley laden;

a fairer than herself she bore,

and, in her struggles, cast ashore;

a lovely one, who nothing hears

65

of wind or wave—a meek and guileless maiden.

into a cave had merlin fled

from mischief, caused by spells himself had muttered;

and, while repentant all too late,

in moody posture there he sate,

70

he heard a voice, and saw, with half-raised head,

a visitant by whom these words were uttered:

“on christian service this frail bark

sailed” (hear me, merlin!) “under high protection,

though on her prow a sign of heathen power

75

was carved—a goddess with a lily flower,

the old egyptian’s emblematic mark

of joy immortal and of pure affection.

“her course was for the british strand,

her freight it was a damsel peerless;

80

god reigns above, and spirits strong

may gather to avenge this wrong

done to the princess, and her land

which she in duty left, though sad not cheerless.

“and to caerleon’s loftiest tower

85

soon will the knights of arthur’s table

a cry of lamentation send;

and all will weep who there attend,

to grace that stranger’s bridal hour,

for whom the sea was made unnavigable.

90

“shame! should a child of royal line

die through the blindness of thy malice:”

thus to the necromancer spake

last poems (1820–1850) 633

nina, the lady of the lake,

a gentle sorceress, and benign,

95

who ne’er embittered any good man’s chalice.

“what boots,” continued she, “to mourn?

to expiate thy sin endeavour!

from the bleak isle where she is laid,

fetched by our art, the egyptian maid

100

may yet to arthur’s court be borne

cold as she is, ere life be fled for ever.

“my pearly boat, a shining light,

that brought me down that sunless river,

will bear me on from wave to wave,

105

and back with her to this sea-cave;

then merlin! for a rapid flight

through air to thee my charge will i deliver.

“the very swiftest of thy cars

must, when my part is done, be ready;

110

meanwhile, for further guidance, look

into thy own prophetic book;

and, if that fail, consult the stars

to learn thy course; farewell! be prompt and steady.”

this scarcely spoken, she again

115

was seated in her gleaming shallop,

that, o’er the yet-distempered deep,

pursued its way with bird-like sweep,

or like a steed, without a rein,

urged o’er the wilderness in sportive gallop.

120

soon did the gentle nina reach

that isle without a house or haven;

landing, she found not what she sought,

nor saw of wreck or ruin aught

but a carved lotus cast upon the shore

125

by the fierce waves, a flower in marble graven.

sad relique, but how fair the while!

for gently each from each retreating

with backward curve, the leaves revealed

634 the poems of william wordsworth

the bosom half, and half concealed,

130

of a divinity, that seemed to smile

on nina as she passed, with hopeful greeting.

no quest was hers of vague desire,

of tortured hope and purpose shaken;

following the margin of a bay,

135

she spied the lonely cast-away,

unmarred, unstripped of her attire,

but with closed eyes,—of breath and bloom forsaken.

then nina, stooping down, embraced,

with tenderness and mild emotion,

140

the damsel, in that trance embound;

and, while she raised her from the ground,

and in the pearly shallop placed,

sleep fell upon the air, and stilled the ocean.

the turmoil hushed, celestial springs

145

of music opened, and there came a blending

of fragrance, underived from earth,

with gleams that owed not to the sun their birth,

and that soft rustling of invisible wings

which angels make, on works of love descending.

150

and nina heard a sweeter voice

than if the goddess of the flower had spoken:

“thou hast achieved, fair dame! what none

less pure in spirit could have done;

go, in thy enterprise rejoice!

155

air, earth, sea, sky, and heaven, success betoken.”

so cheered she left that island bleak,

a bare rock of the scilly cluster;

and, as they traversed the smooth brine,

the self-illumined brigantine

160

shed, on the slumberer’s cold wan cheek

and pallid brow, a melancholy lustre.

fleet was their course, and when they came

to the dim cavern, whence the river

issued into the salt-sea flood,

165

last poems (1820–1850) 635

merlin, as fixed in thought he stood,

was thus accosted by the dame:

“behold to thee my charge i now deliver!

“but where attends thy chariot—where?”

quoth merlin, “even as i was bidden,

170

so have i done; as trusty as thy barge

my vehicle shall prove—o precious charge!

if this be sleep, how soft! if death, how fair!

much have my books disclosed, but the end is hidden.”

he spake, and gliding into view

175

forth from the grotto’s dimmest chamber

came two mute swans, whose plumes of dusky white

changed, as the pair approached the light,

drawing an ebon car, their hue

(like clouds of sunset) into lucid amber.

180

once more did gentle nina lift

the princess, passive to all changes:

the car received her; then up-went

into the ethereal element

the birds with progress smooth and swift

185

as thought, when through bright regions memory ranges.

sage merlin, at the slumberer’s side,

instructs the swans their way to measure;

and soon caerleon’s towers appeared,

and notes of minstrelsy were heard

190

from rich pavilions spreading wide,

for some high day of long-expected pleasure.

awe-stricken stood both knights and dames

ere on firm ground the car alighted;

eftsoons astonishment was past,

195

for in that face they saw the last

last lingering look of clay, that tames

all pride, by which all happiness is blighted.

said merlin, “mighty king, fair lords,

away with feast and tilt and tourney!

200

ye saw, throughout this royal house,

636 the poems of william wordsworth

ye heard, a rocking marvellous

of turrets, and a clash of swords

self-shaken, as i closed my airy journey.

“lo! by a destiny well known

205

to mortals, joy is turned to sorrow;

this is the wished-for bride, the maid

of egypt, from a rock conveyed

where she by shipwreck had been thrown;

ill sight! but grief may vanish ere the morrow.”

210

“though vast thy power, thy words are weak,”

exclaimed the king, “a mockery hateful;

dutiful child! her lot how hard!

is this her piety’s reward?

those watery locks, that bloodless cheek!

215

o winds without remorse! o shore ungrateful!

“rich robes are fretted by the moth;

towers, temples, fall by stroke of thunder;

will that, or deeper thoughts, abate

a father’s sorrow for her fate?

220

he will repent him of his troth;

his brain will burn, his stout heart split asunder.

“alas! and i have caused this woe;

for, when my prowess from invading neighbours

had freed his realm, he plighted word

225

that he would turn to christ our lord,

and his dear daughter on a knight bestow

whom i should choose for love and matchless labours.

“her birth was heathen, but a fence

of holy angels round her hovered;

230

a lady added to my court

so fair, of such divine report

and worship, seemed a recompence

for fifty kingdoms by my sword recovered.

“ask not for whom, o champions true!

235

she was reserved by me her life’s betrayer;

she who was meant to be a bride

last poems (1820–1850) 637

is now a corse; then put aside

vain thoughts, and speed ye, with observance due

of christian rites, in christian ground to lay her.”

240

“the tomb,” said merlin, “may not close

upon her yet, earth hide her beauty;

not froward to thy sovereign will

esteem me, liege! if i, whose skill

wafted her hither, interpose

245

to check this pious haste of erring duty.

“my books command me to lay bare

the secret thou art bent on keeping;

here must a high attest be given,

what bridegroom was for her ordained by heaven;

250

and in my glass significants there are

of things that may to gladness turn this weeping.

“for this, approaching, one by one,

thy knights must touch the cold hand of the virgin;

so, for the favoured one, the flower may bloom

255

once more; but, if unchangeable her doom,

if life departed be for ever gone,

some blest assurance, from this cloud emerging,

may teach him to bewail his loss;

not with a grief that, like a vapour, rises

260

and melts; but grief devout that shall endure,

and a perpetual growth secure

of purposes which no false thought shall cross,

a harvest of high hopes and noble enterprises.”

“so be it,” said the king;—”anon,

265

here, where the princess lies, begin the trial;

knights each in order as ye stand

step forth.”—to touch the pallid hand

sir agravaine advanced; no sign he won

from heaven or earth;—sir kaye had like denial.

270

abashed, sir dinas turned away;

even for sir percival was no disclosure;

though he, devoutest of all champions, ere

638 the poems of william wordsworth

he reached that ebon car, the bier

whereon diffused like snow the damsel lay,

275

full thrice had crossed himself in meek composure.

imagine (but ye saints! who can?)

how in still air the balance trembled;

the wishes, peradventure the despites

that overcame some not ungenerous knights;

280

and all the thoughts that lengthened out a span

of time to lords and ladies thus assembled.

what patient confidence was here!

and there how many bosoms panted!

while drawing toward the car sir gawaine, mailed

285

for tournament, his beaver vailed,

and softly touched; but, to his princely cheer

and high expectancy, no sign was granted.

next, disencumbered of his harp,

sir tristram, dear to thousands as a brother,

290

came to proof, nor grieved that there ensued

no change;—the fair izonda he had wooed

with love too true, a love with pangs too sharp,

from hope too distant, not to dread another.

not so sir launcelot;—from heaven’s grace

295

a sign he craved, tired slave of vain contrition;

the royal guinever looked passing glad

when his touch failed.—next came sir galahad;

he paused, and stood entranced by that still face

whose features he had seen in noontide vision.

300

for late, as near a murmuring stream

he rested ’mid an arbour green and shady,

nina, the good enchantress, shed

a light around his mossy bed;

and, at her call, a waking dream

305

prefigured to his sense the egyptian lady.

now, while his bright-haired front he bowed,

and stood, far-kenned by mantle furred with ermine,

as o’er the insensate body hung

last poems (1820–1850) 639

the enrapt, the beautiful, the young,

310

belief sank deep into the crowd

that he the solemn issue would determine.

nor deem it strange; the youth had worn

that very mantle on a day of glory,

the day when he achieved that matchless feat,

315

the marvel of the perilous seat,

which whosoe’er approached of strength was shorn,

though king or knight the most renowned in story.

he touched with hesitating hand,

and lo! those birds, far-famed through love’s dominions,

320

the swans, in triumph clap their wings;

and their necks play, involved in rings,

like sinless snakes in eden’s happy land;—

“mine is she,” cried the knight;—again they clapped their pinions.

“mine was she—mine she is, though dead,

325

and to her name my soul shall cleave in sorrow;”

whereat, a tender twilight streak

of colour dawned upon the damsel’s cheek;

and her lips, quickening with uncertain red,

seemed from each other a faint warmth to borrow.

330

deep was the awe, the rapture high,

of love emboldened, hope with dread entwining,

when, to the mouth, relenting death

allowed a soft and flower-like breath,

precursor to a timid sigh,

335

to lifted eyelids, and a doubtful shining.

in silence did king arthur gaze

upon the signs that pass away or tarry;

in silence watched the gentle strife

of nature leading back to life;

340

then eased his soul at length by praise

of god, and heaven’s pure queen—the blissful mary.

then said he, “take her to thy heart

sir galahad! a treasure that god giveth,

bound by indissoluble ties to thee

345

640 the poems of william wordsworth

through mortal change and immortality;

be happy and unenvied, thou who art

a goodly knight that hath no peer that liveth!”

not long the nuptials were delayed;

and sage tradition still rehearses

350

the pomp the glory of that hour

when toward the altar from her bower

king arthur led the egyptian maid,

and angels carolled these far-echoed verses;—

who shrinks not from alliance

355

of evil with good powers,

to god proclaims defiance,

and mocks whom he adores.

a ship to christ devoted

from the land of nile did go;

360

alas! the bright ship floated,

an idol at her prow.

by magic domination,

the heaven-permitted vent

of purblind mortal passion,

365

was wrought her punishment.

the flower, the form within it,

what served they in her need?

her port she could not win it,

nor from mishap be freed.

370

the tempest overcame her,

and she was seen no more;

but gently gently blame her,

she cast a pearl ashore.

the maid to jesu hearkened,

375

and kept to him her faith,

till sense in death was darkened,

or sleep akin to death.

but angels round her pillow

last poems (1820–1850) 641

kept watch, a viewless band;

380

and, billow favouring billow,

she reached the destined strand.

blest pair! whate’er befall you,

your faith in him approve

who from frail earth can call you,

385

to bowers of endless love!

a jewish family

(in a small valley opposite st. goar, upon the rhine)

genius of raphael! if thy wings

might bear thee to this glen,

with faithful memory left of things

to pencil dear and pen,

thou wouldst forego the neighbouring rhine,

5

and all his majesty,

a studious forehead to incline

o’er this poor family.

the mother––her thou must have seen,

in spirit, ere she came

10

to dwell these rifted rocks between,

or found on earth a name;

an image, too, of that sweet boy,

thy inspirations give:

of playfulness, and love, and joy,

15

predestined here to live.

downcast, or shooting glances far,

how beautiful his eyes,

that blend the nature of the star

with that of summer skies!

20

i speak as if of sense beguiled;

uncounted months are gone,

yet am i with the jewish child,

that exquisite saint john.

i see the dark brown curls, the brow,

25

the smooth transparent skin,

642 the poems of william wordsworth

refined, as with intent to show

the holiness within;

the grace of parting infancy

by blushes yet untamed;

30

age faithful to the mother’s knee,

nor of her arms ashamed.

two lovely sisters, still and sweet

as flowers, stand side by side;

their soul–subduing looks might cheat

35

the christian of his pride:

such beauty hath the eternal poured

upon them not forlorn,

though of a lineage once abhorred,

nor yet redeemed from scorn.

40

mysterious safeguard, that, in spite

of poverty and wrong,

doth here preserve a living light,

from hebrew fountains sprung;

that gives this ragged group to cast

45

around the dell a gleam

of palestine, of glory past,

and proud jerusalem!

the poet and the caged turtledove

as often as i murmur here

my half-formed melodies,

straight from her osier mansion near,

the turtledove replies:

though silent as a leaf before,

5

the captive promptly coos;

is it to teach her own soft lore,

or second my weak muse?

i rather think, the gentle dove

is murmuring a reproof,

10

displeased that i from lays of love

have dared to keep aloof;

that i, a bard of hill and dale,

last poems (1820–1850) 643

have caroll’d, fancy free,

as if nor dove, nor nightingale,

15

had heart or voice for me.

if such thy meaning, o forbear,

sweet bird! to do me wrong;

love, blessed love, is every where

the spirit of my song:

20

’mid grove, and by the calm fireside,

love animates my lyre;

that coo again!—’tis not to chide,

i feel, but to inspire.

written in mrs. field’s album

opposite a pen-and-ink sketch in the manner of

a rembrandt etching done by edmund field

that gloomy cave, that gothic nich,

those trees that forward lean

as if enamoured of the brook—

how soothing is the scene!

no witchery of inky words

5

can such illusions yield;

yet all (ye landscape poets blush!)

was penned by edmund field.

the russian fugitive

[peter henry bruce, having given in his entertaining memoirs the substance

of the following tale, affirms, that, besides the concurring reports of others,

he had the story from the lady’s own mouth.

the lady catherine, mentioned towards the close, was the famous catherine,

then bearing that name as the acknowledged wife of peter the great.]

the russian fugitive

part i

1

enough of rose-bud lips, and eyes

like harebells bathed in dew,

of cheek that with carnation vies,

644 the poems of william wordsworth

and veins of violet hue;

earth wants not beauty that may scorn

5

a likening to frail flowers;

yea, to the stars, if they were born

for seasons and for hours.

2

through moscow’s gates, with gold unbarred,

stepped one at dead of night,

10

whom such high beauty could not guard

from meditated blight;

by stealth she passed, and fled as fast

as doth the hunted fawn,

nor stopped, till in the dappling east

15

appeared unwelcome dawn.

3

seven days she lurked in brake and field,

seven nights her course renewed,

sustained by what her scrip might yield,

or berries of the wood;

20

at length, in darkness travelling on,

when lowly doors were shut,

the haven of her hope she won,

her foster-mother’s hut.

4

“to put your love to dangerous proof

25

i come,” said she, “from far;

for i have left my father’s roof,

in terror of the czar.”

no answer did the matron give,

no second look she cast;

30

she hung upon the fugitive,

embracing and embraced.

5

she led her lady to a seat

beside the glimmering fire,

last poems (1820–1850) 645

bathed duteously her wayworn feet,

35

prevented each desire:

the cricket chirped, the house-dog dozed,

and on that simple bed,

where she in childhood had reposed,

now rests her weary head.

40

6

when she, whose couch had been the sod,

whose curtain pine or thorn,

had breathed a sigh of thanks to god,

who comforts the forlorn;

while over her the matron bent

45

sleep sealed her eyes, and stole

feeling from limbs with travel spent,

and trouble from the soul.

7

refreshed, the wanderer rose at morn,

and soon again was dight

50

in those unworthy vestments worn

through long and perilous flight;

and “o beloved nurse,” she said,

“my thanks with silent tears

have unto heaven and you been paid:

55

now listen to my fears!

8

“have you forgot”—and here she smiled—

“the babbling flatteries

you lavished on me when a child

disporting round your knees?

60

i was your lambkin, and your bird,

your star, your gem, your flower;

light words, that were more lightly heard

in many a cloudless hour!

9

“the blossom you so fondly praised

65

646 the poems of william wordsworth

is come to bitter fruit;

a mighty one upon me gazed;

i spurned his lawless suit,

and must be hidden from his wrath:

you, foster-father dear,

70

will guide me in my forward path;

i may not tarry here!

10

“i cannot bring to utter woe

your proved fidelity.”—

“dear child, sweet mistress, say not so!

75

for you we both would die.”

“nay, nay, i come with semblance feigned

and cheek embrowned by art;

yet, being inwardly unstained,

with courage will depart.”

80

11

“but whither would you, could you, flee?

a poor man’s counsel take;

the holy virgin gives to me

a thought for your dear sake;

rest shielded by our lady’s grace;

85

and soon shall you be led

forth to a safe abiding-place,

where never foot doth tread.”

the russian fugitive

part ii

1

the dwelling of this faithful pair

in a straggling village stood,

90

for one who breathed unquiet air

a dangerous neighbourhood;

but wide around lay forest ground

with thickets rough and blind;

last poems (1820–1850) 647

and pine-trees made a heavy shade

95

impervious to the wind.

2

and there, sequestered from the sight,

was spread a treacherous swamp,

on which the noonday sun shed light

as from a lonely lamp;

100

and midway in the unsafe morass,

a single island rose

of firm dry ground, with healthful grass

adorned, and shady boughs.

3

the woodman knew, for such the craft

105

this russian vassal plied,

that never fowler’s gun, nor shaft

of archer, there was tried;

a sanctuary seemed the spot

from all intrusion free;

110

and there he planned an artful cot

for perfect secrecy.

4

with earnest pains unchecked by dread

of power’s far-stretching hand,

the bold good man his labour sped

115

at nature’s pure command;

heart-soothed, and busy as a wren,

while, in a hollow nook,

she moulds her sight-eluding den

above a murmuring brook.

120

5

his task accomplished to his mind,

the twain ere break of day

creep forth, and through the forest wind

their solitary way;

few words they speak, nor dare to slack

125

648 the poems of william wordsworth

their pace from mile to mile,

till they have crossed the quaking marsh,

and reached the lonely isle.

6

the sun above the pine-trees showed

a bright and cheerful face;

130

and ina looked for her abode,

the promised hiding-place;

she sought in vain, the woodman smiled;

no threshold could be seen,

nor roof, nor window; all seemed wild

135

as it had ever been.

7

advancing, you might guess an hour,

the front with such nice care

is masked, “if house it be or bower,”

but in they entered are;

140

as shaggy as were wall and roof

with branches intertwined,

so smooth was all within, air-proof,

and delicately lined.

8

and hearth was there, and maple dish,

145

and cups in seemly rows,

and couch—all ready to a wish

for nurture or repose;

and heaven doth to her virtue grant

that here she may abide

150

in solitude, with every want

by cautious love supplied.

9

no queen, before a shouting crowd,

led on in bridal state,

e’er struggled with a heart so proud,

155

entering her palace gate;

last poems (1820–1850) 649

rejoiced to bid the world farewell,

no saintly anchoress

e’er took possession of her cell

with deeper thankfulness.

160

10

“father of all, upon thy care

and mercy am i thrown;

be thou my safeguard!”—such her prayer

when she was left alone,

kneeling amid the wilderness

165

when joy had passed away,

and smiles, fond efforts of distress

to hide what they betray!

11

the prayer is heard, the saints have seen,

diffused through form and face,

170

resolves devotedly serene;

that monumental grace

of faith, which doth all passions tame

that reason should control;

and shows in the untrembling frame

175

a statue of the soul.

the russian fugitive

part iii

1

’tis sung in ancient minstrelsy

that phœbus wont to wear

“the leaves of any pleasant tree

around his golden hair,”

180

till daphne, desperate with pursuit

of his imperious love,

at her own prayer transformed, took root,

a laurel in the grove.

  “from  golding’s translation  of  ovid’s  metamorphoses.  see  also  his  dedicatory  epistle prefixed to the same work.” ww refers to arthur golding’s translation, first published in

565.

650 the poems of william wordsworth

2

then did the penitent adorn

185

his brow with laurel green;

and ’mid his bright locks never shorn

no meaner leaf was seen;

and poets sage, through every age,

about their temples wound

190

the bay; and conquerors thanked the gods,

with laurel chaplets crowned.

3

into the mists of fabling time

so far runs back the praise

of beauty, that disdains to climb

195

along forbidden ways;

that scorns temptation; power defies

where mutual love is not;

and to the tomb for rescue flies

when life would be a blot.

200

4

to this fair votaress, a fate

more mild doth heaven ordain

upon her island desolate;

and words, not breathed in vain,

might tell what intercourse she found,

205

her silence to endear;

what birds she tamed, what flowers the ground

sent forth her peace to cheer.

5

to one mute presence, above all,

her soothed affections clung,

210

a picture on the cabin wall

by russian usage hung—

the mother-maid, whose countenance bright

with love abridged the day;

and, communed with by taper light,

215

chased spectral fears away.

last poems (1820–1850) 651

6

and oft, as either guardian came,

the joy in that retreat

might any common friendship shame,

so high their hearts would beat;

220

and to the lone recluse, whate’er

they brought, each visiting

was like the crowding of the year

with a new burst of spring.

7

but, when she of her parents thought,

225

the pang was hard to bear;

and, if with all things not enwrought,

that trouble still is near.

before her flight she had not dared

their constancy to prove,

230

too much the heroic daughter feared

the weakness of their love.

8

dark is the past to them, and dark

the future still must be,

till pitying saints conduct her bark

235

into a safer sea—

or gentle nature close her eyes,

and set her spirit free

from the altar of this sacrifice,

in vestal purity.

240

9

yet, when above the forest-glooms

the white swans southward passed,

high as the pitch of their swift plumes

her fancy rode the blast;

and bore her tow’rd the fields of france,

245

her father’s native land,

to mingle in the rustic dance,

the happiest of the band!

652 the poems of william wordsworth

10

of those beloved fields she oft

had heard her father tell

250

in phrase that now with echoes soft

haunted her lonely cell;

she saw the hereditary bowers,

she heard the ancestral stream;

the kremlin and its haughty towers

255

forgotten like a dream!

the russian fugitive

part iv

1

the ever-changing moon had traced

twelve times her monthly round,

when through the unfrequented waste

was heard a startling sound;

260

a shout thrice sent from one who chased

at speed a wounded deer,

bounding through branches interlaced,

and where the wood was clear.

2

the fainting creature took the marsh,

265

and toward the island fled,

while plovers screamed with tumult harsh

above his antlered head;

this, ina saw; and, pale with fear,

shrunk to her citadel;

270

the desperate deer rushed on, and near

the tangled covert fell.

3

across the marsh, the game in view,

the hunter followed fast,

nor paused, till o’er the stag he blew

275

a death-proclaiming blast;

last poems (1820–1850) 653

then, resting on her upright mind,

came forth the maid—”in me

behold,” she said, “a stricken hind

pursued by destiny!

280

4

“from your deportment, sir! i deem

that you have worn a sword,

and will not hold in light esteem

a suffering woman’s word;

there is my covert, there perchance

285

i might have lain concealed,

my fortunes hid, my countenance

not even to you revealed.

5

“tears might be shed, and i might pray,

crouching and terrified,

290

that what has been unveiled to day,

you would in mystery hide;

but i will not defile with dust

the knee that bends to adore

the god in heaven;—attend, be just:

295

this ask i, and no more!

6

“i speak not of the winter’s cold,

for summer’s heat exchanged,

while i have lodged in this rough hold,

from social life estranged;

300

nor yet of trouble and alarms:

high heaven is my defence;

and every season has soft arms

for injured innocence.

7

“from moscow to the wilderness

305

it was my choice to come,

lest virtue should be harbourless,

654 the poems of william wordsworth

and honour want a home;

and happy were i, if the czar

retain his lawless will,

310

to end life here like this poor deer,

or a lamb on a green hill.”

8

“are you the maid,” the stranger cried,

“from gallic parents sprung,

whose vanishing was rumoured wide,

315

sad theme for every tongue;

who foiled an emperor’s eager quest?

you, lady, forced to wear

these rude habiliments, and rest

your head in this dark lair!”

320

9

but wonder, pity, soon were quelled;

and in her face and mien

the soul’s pure brightness he beheld

without a veil between:

he loved, he hoped,—a holy flame

325

kindled ’mid rapturous tears;

the passion of a moment came

as on the wings of years.

10

“such bounty is no gift of chance,”

exclaimed he; “righteous heaven,

330

preparing your deliverance,

to me the charge hath given.

the czar full oft in words and deeds

is stormy and self-willed;

but, when the lady catherine pleads,

335

his violence is stilled.

11

“leave open to my wish the course,

and i to her will go;

last poems (1820–1850) 655

from that humane and heavenly source,

good, only good, can flow.”

340

faint sanction given, the cavalier

was eager to depart,

though question followed question, dear

to the maiden’s filial heart.

12

light was his step,—his hopes, more light,

345

kept pace with his desires;

and the third morning gave him sight

of moscow’s glittering spires.

he sued:—heart-smitten by the wrong,

to the lorn fugitive

350

the emperor sent a pledge as strong

as sovereign power could give.

13

o more than mighty change! if e’er

amazement rose to pain,

and over-joy produced a fear

355

of something void and vain,

’twas when the parents, who had mourned

so long the lost as dead,

beheld their only child returned,

the household floor to tread.

360

14

soon gratitude gave way to love

within the maiden’s breast:

delivered and deliverer move

in bridal garments drest;

meek catherine had her own reward;

365

the czar bestowed a dower;

and universal moscow shared

the triumph of that hour.

15

flowers strewed the ground; the nuptial feast

656 the poems of william wordsworth

was held with costly state;

370

and there, ’mid many a noble guest,

the foster-parents sate;

encouraged by the imperial eye,

they shrank not into shade;

great was their bliss, the honour high

375

to them and nature paid!

the primrose of the rock

a rock there is whose homely front

the passing traveller slights;

yet there the glow-worms hang their lamps,

like stars, at various heights;

and one coy primrose to that rock

5

the vernal breeze invites.

what hideous warfare hath been waged,

what kingdoms overthrown,

since first i spied that primrose-tuft

and marked it for my own;

10

a lasting link in nature’s chain

from highest heaven let down!

the flowers, still faithful to the stems,

their fellowship renew;

the stems are faithful to the root,

15

that worketh out of view;

and to the rock the root adheres

in every fibre true.

close clings to earth the living rock,

though threatening still to fall;

20

the earth is constant to her sphere;

and god upholds them all:

so blooms this lonely plant, nor dreads

her annual funeral.



* * * * *

here closed the meditative strain;

25

but air breathed soft that day,

the hoary mountain-heights were cheered,

last poems (1820–1850) 657

the sunny vale looked gay;

and to the primrose of the rock

i gave this after-lay.

30

i sang, let myraids of bright flowers,

like thee, in field and grove

revive unenvied,—mightier far

than tremblings that reprove

our vernal tendencies to hope

35

is god’s redeeming love:

that love which changed, for wan disease,

for sorrow that had bent

o’er hopeless dust, for withered age,

their moral element,

40

and turned the thistles of a curse

to types beneficent.

sin-blighted though we are, we too,

the reasoning sons of men,

from one oblivious winter called

45

shall rise, and breathe again;

and in eternal summer lose

our threescore years and ten.

to humbleness of heart descends

this prescience from on high,

50

the faith that elevates the just,

before and when they die;

and makes each soul a separate heaven,

a court for deity.

the armenian lady’s love

[the subject of the following poem is from the orlandus of the author’s

friend, kenelm henry digby; and the liberty is taken of inscribing it to

him as an acknowledgment, however unworthy, of pleasure and instruction

derived from his numerous and valuable writings, illustrative of the piety and

chivalry of the olden time.]

  author of  the broad stone of honour: the true sense and practice of chilvary (london,

826, 828,829)

658 the poems of william wordsworth

1

you have heard “a spanish lady

how she wooed an english man;”

hear now of a fair armenian,

daughter of the proud soldàn;

how she loved a christian slave, and told her pain

5

by word, look, deed, with hope that he might love again.

2

“pluck that rose, it moves my liking,”

said she, lifting up her veil;

“pluck it for me, gentle gardener,

ere it wither and grow pale.”

10

“princess fair, i till the ground, but may not take

from twig or bed an humbler flower, even for your sake.”

3

“grieved am i, submissive christian!

to behold thy captive state;

women, in your land, may pity

15

(may they not?) the unfortunate.”

“yes, kind lady! otherwise man could not bear

life, which to every one that breathes is full of care.”

4

“worse than idle is compassion

if it end in tears and sighs;

20

thee from bondage would i rescue

and from vile indignities;

nurtured, as thy mien bespeaks, in high degree,

look up—and help a hand that longs to set thee free.”

5

“lady, dread the wish, nor venture

25

in such peril to engage;

think how it would stir against you

1 “see, in percy’s reliques, that fine old ballad, ‘the spanish lady’s love;’ from which poem the  form  of  stanza,  as  suitable  to  dialogue,  is  adopted.”  ww  refers  to thomas  percy, reliques of ancient english poetry (london, 765).

last poems (1820–1850) 659

your most loving father’s rage:

sad deliverance would it be, and yoked with shame,

should troubles overflow on her from whom it came.”

30

6

“generous frank! the just in effort

are of inward peace secure;

hardships for the brave encountered,

even the feeblest may endure:

if almighty grace through me thy chains unbind,

35

my father for slave’s work may seek a slave in mind.”

7

“princess, at this burst of goodness,

my long-frozen heart grows warm!”

“yet you make all courage fruitless,

me to save from chance of harm:

40

leading such companion i that gilded dome,

yon minarets, would gladly leave for his worst home.”

8

“feeling tunes your voice, fair princess!

and your brow is free from scorn,

else these words would come like mockery,

45

sharper than the pointed thorn.”

“whence the undeserved mistrust? too wide apart

our faith hath been,—o would that eyes could see the heart!”

9

“tempt me not, i pray; my doom is

these base implements to wield;

50

rusty lance, i ne’er shall grasp thee,

ne’er assoil my cobwebb’d shield!

never see my native land, nor castle towers,

nor her who thinking of me there counts widowed hours.”

10

“prisoner! pardon youthful fancies;

55

wedded? if you can, say no!—

660 the poems of william wordsworth

blessed is and be your consort;

hopes i cherished let them go!

handmaid’s privilege would leave my purpose free,

without another link to my felicity.”

60

11

“wedded love with loyal christians,

lady, is a mystery rare;

body, heart, and soul in union,

make one being of a pair.”

“humble love in me would look for no return,

65

soft as a guiding star that cheers, but cannot burn.”

12

“gracious allah! by such title

do i dare to thank the god,

him who thus exalts thy spirit,

flower of an unchristian sod!

70

or hast thou put off wings which thou in heaven dost wear?

what have i seen, and heard, or dreamt? where am i? where?”

13

here broke off the dangerous converse:

less impassioned words might tell

how the pair escaped together,

75

tears not wanting, nor a knell

of sorrow in her heart while through her father’s door,

and from her narrow world, she passed for evermore.

14

but affections higher, holier,

urged her steps; she shrunk from trust

80

in a sensual creed that trampled

woman’s birthright into dust.

little be the wonder then, the blame be none,

if she, a timid maid, hath put such boldness on.

15

judge both fugitives with knowledge:

85

last poems (1820–1850) 661

in those old romantic days

mighty were the soul’s commandments

to support, restrain, or raise.

foes might hang upon their path, snakes rustle near,

but nothing from their inward selves had they to fear.

90

16

thought infirm ne’er came between them,

whether printing desert sands

with accordant steps, or gathering

forest-fruit with social hands;

or whispering like two reeds that in the cold moonbeam

95

bend with the breeze their heads, beside a crystal stream.

17

on a friendly deck reposing

they at length for venice steer;

there, when they had closed their voyage,

one, who daily on the pier

100

watched for tidings from the east, beheld his lord,

fell down and clasped his knees for joy, not uttering word.

18

mutual was the sudden transport;

breathless questions followed fast,

years contracting to a moment,

105

each word greedier than the last;

“hie thee to the countess, friend! return with speed,

and of this stranger speak by whom her lord was freed.

19

“say that i, who might have languished,

drooped and pined till life was spent,

110

now before the gates of stolberg

my deliverer would present

for a crowning recompence, the precious grace

of her who in my heart still holds her ancient place.

20

“make it known that my companion

115

662 the poems of william wordsworth

is of royal eastern blood,

thirsting after all perfection,

innocent, and meek, and good,

though with misbelievers bred; but that dark night

will holy church disperse by beams of gospel light.”

120

21

swiftly went that grey-haired servant,

soon returned a trusty page

charged with greetings, benedictions,

thanks and praises, each a gage

for a sunny thought to cheer the stranger’s way,

125

her virtuous scruples to remove, her fears allay.

22

fancy (while, to banners floating

high on stolberg’s castle walls,

deafening noise of welcome mounted,

trumpets, drums, and atabals,)

130

the devout embraces still, while such tears fell

as made a meeting seem most like a dear farewell.

23

through a haze of human nature,

glorified by heavenly light,

looked the beautiful deliverer

135

on that overpowering sight,

while across her virgin cheek pure blushes strayed,

for every tender sacrifice her heart had made.

24

on the ground the weeping countess

knelt, and kissed the stranger’s hand;

140

act of soul-devoted homage,

pledge of an eternal band:

nor did aught of future days that kiss belie,

which, with a generous shout, the crowd did ratify.

last poems (1820–1850) 663

25

constant to the fair armenian,

145

gentle pleasures round her moved,

like a tutelary spirit

reverenced, like a sister, loved.

christian meekness smoothed for all the path of life,

who, loving most, should wiseliest love, their only strife.

150

26

mute memento of that union

in a saxon church survives,

where a cross-legged knight lies sculptured

as between two wedded wives—

figures with armorial signs of race and birth,

155

and the vain rank the pilgrims bore while yet on earth.

rural illusions

1

sylph was it? or a bird more bright

than those of fabulous stock?

a second darted by;—and lo!

another of the flock,

through sunshine flitting from the bough

5

to nestle in the rock.

transient deception! a gay freak

of april’s mimicries!

those brilliant strangers, hailed with joy

among the budding trees,

10

proved last year’s leaves, pushed from the spray

to frolic on the breeze.

2

maternal flora! show thy face,

and let thy hand be seen

which sprinkles here these tiny flowers,

15

that, as they touch the green,

take root (so seems it) and look up

664 the poems of william wordsworth

in honour of their queen.

yet, sooth, those little starry specks,

that not in vain aspired

20

to be confounded with live growths,

most dainty, most admired,

were only blossoms dropped from twigs

of their own offspring tired.

3

not such the world’s illusive shows;

25

her wingless flutterings,

her blossoms which, though shed, outbrave

the floweret as it springs,

for the undeceived, smile as they may,

are melancholy things:

30

but gentle nature plays her part

with ever-varying wiles,

and transient feignings with plain truth

so well she reconciles,

that those fond idlers most are pleased

35

whom oftenest she beguiles.

this lawn, andc.

this lawn, a carpet all alive

with shadows flung from leaves—to strive

in dance, amid a press

of sunshine—an apt emblem yields

of worldlings revelling in the fields

5

of strenuous idleness;

less quick the stir when tide and breeze

encounter, and to narrow seas

forbid a moment’s rest;

the medley less when boreal lights

10

glance to and fro like aery sprites

to feats of arms addrest!

yet, spite of all this eager strife,

this ceaseless play, the genuine life

last poems (1820–1850) 665

that serves the steadfast hours,

15

is in the grass beneath, that grows

unheeded, and the mute repose

of sweetly-breathing flowers.

presentiments

presentiments! they judge not right

who deem that ye from open light

retire in fear of shame;

all heaven-born instincts shun the touch

of vulgar sense, and, being such,

5

such privilege ye claim.

the tear whose source i could not guess,

the deep sigh that seemed fatherless,

were mine in early days;

and now, unforced by time to part

10

with fancy, i obey my heart,

and venture on your praise.

what though some busy foes to good,

too potent over nerve and blood,

lurk near you, and combine

15

to taint the health which ye infuse,

this hides not from the moral muse

your origin divine.

how oft from you, derided powers!

comes faith that in auspicious hours

20

builds castles, not of air;

bodings unsanctioned by the will

flow from your visionary skill,

and teach us to beware.

the bosom-weight, your stubborn gift,

25

that no philosophy can lift,

shall vanish, if ye please,

like morning mist; and, where it lay,

the spirits at your bidding play

in gaiety and ease.

30

666 the poems of william wordsworth

star-guided contemplations move

through space, though calm, not raised above

prognostics that ye rule;

the naked indian of the wild,

and haply, too, the cradled child,

35

are pupils of your school.

but who can fathom your intents,

number their signs or instruments?

a rainbow, a sunbeam,

a subtle smell that spring unbinds,

40

dead pause abrupt of midnight winds,

an echo, or a dream.

the laughter of the christmas hearth

with sighs of self-exhausted mirth

ye feelingly reprove;

45

and daily, in the conscious breast,

your visitations are a test

and exercise of love.

when some great change gives boundless scope

to an exulting nation’s hope,

50

oft, startled and made wise

by your low-breathed interpretings,

the simply-meek foretaste the springs

of bitter contraries.

ye daunt the proud array of war,

55

pervade the lonely ocean far

as sail hath been unfurled;

for dancers in the festive hall

what ghastly partners hath your call

fetched from the shadowy world!

60

’tis said, that warnings ye dispense,

emboldened by a keener sense;

that men have lived for whom,

with dread precision, ye made clear

the hour that in a distant year

65

should knell them to the tomb.

last poems (1820–1850) 667

unwelcome insight! yet there are

blest times when mystery is laid bare,

truth shows a glorious face,

while on that isthmus which commands

70

the councils of both worlds she stands,

sage spirits! by your grace.

god, who instructs the brutes to scent

all changes of the element,

whose wisdom fixed the scale

75

of natures, for our wants provides

by higher, sometimes humbler, guides,

when lights of reason fail.

gold and silver fishes,

in a vase

the soaring lark is blest as proud

when at heaven’s gate she sings;

the roving bee proclaims aloud

her flight by vocal wings;

while ye, in lasting durance pent,

5

your silent lives employ

for something “more than dull content

though haply less than joy.”

yet might your glassy prison seem

a place where joy is known,

10

where golden flash and silver gleam

have meanings of their own;

while, high and low, and all about,

your motions, glittering elves!

ye weave—no danger from without,

15

and peace among yourselves.

type of a sunny human breast

is your transparent cell;

where fear is but a transient guest,

no sullen humours dwell;

20

where, sensitive of every ray

that smites this tiny sea,

668 the poems of william wordsworth

your scaly panoplies repay

the loan with usury.

how beautiful! yet none knows why

25

this ever-graceful change,

renewed—renewed incessantly—

within your quiet range.

is it that ye with conscious skill

for mutual pleasure glide;

30

and sometimes, not without your will,

are dwarfed, or magnified?

fays—genii of gigantic size—

and now, in twilight dim,

clustering like constellated eyes

35

in wings of cherubim,

when they abate their fiery glare:

whate’er your forms express,

whate’er ye seem, whate’er ye are,

all leads to gentleness.

40

cold though your nature be, ’tis pure;

your birthright is a fence

from all that haughtier kinds endure

through tyranny of sense.

ah! not alone by colours bright

45

are ye to heaven allied,

when, like essential forms of light,

ye mingle, or divide.

for day-dreams soft as e’er beguiled

day-thoughts while limbs repose;

50

for moonlight fascinations mild

your gift, ere shutters close;

accept, mute captives! thanks and praise;

and may this tribute prove

that gentle admirations raise

55

delight resembling love.

last poems (1820–1850) 669

liberty

(sequel to the above)

[addressed to a friend; the gold and silver fishes having been removed to

a pool in the pleasure-ground of rydal mount.]

“the liberty of a people consists in being governed by laws which they

have made for themselves, under whatever form it be of government. the

liberty of a private man, in being master of his own time and actions, as far

as may consist with the laws of god and of his country. of this latter we are

here to discourse.” cowley.

those breathing tokens of your kind regard,

(suspect not, anna, that their fate is hard;

not soon does aught to which mild fancies cling,

in lonely spots, become a slighted thing;)

those silent inmates now no longer share,

5

nor do they need, our hospitable care,

removed in kindness from their glassy cell

to the fresh waters of a living well;

that spreads into an elfin pool opaque

of which close boughs a glimmering mirror make,

10

on whose smooth breast with dimples light and small

the fly may settle, leaf or blossom fall.

— there swims, of blazing sun and beating shower

fearless (but how obscured!) the golden power,

that from his bauble prison used to cast

15

gleams by the richest jewel unsurpast;

and near him, darkling like a sullen gnome,

the silver tenant of the crystal dome;

dissevered both from all the mysteries

of hue and altering shape that charmed all eyes.

20

they pined, perhaps, they languished while they shone;

and, if not so, what matters beauty gone

and admiration lost, by change of place

that brings to the inward creature no disgrace?

but if the change restore his birthright, then,

25

whate’er the difference, boundless is the gain.

who can divine what impulses from god

reach the caged lark, within a town-abode,

from his poor inch or two of daisied sod?

o yield him back his privilege! no sea

30

670 the poems of william wordsworth

swells like the bosom of a man set free;

a wilderness is rich with liberty.

roll on, ye spouting whales, who die or keep

your independence in the fathomless deep!

spread, tiny nautilus, the living sail;

35

dive, at thy choice, or brave the freshening gale!

if unreproved the ambitious eagle mount

sunward to seek the daylight in its fount,

bays, gulfs, and ocean’s indian width, shall be,

till the world perishes, a field for thee!

40

while musing here i sit in shadow cool,

and watch these mute companions, in the pool,

among reflected boughs of leafy trees,

by glimpses caught—disporting at their ease—

enlivened, braced, by hardy luxuries,

45

i ask what warrant fixed them (like a spell

of witchcraft fixed them) in the crystal cell;

to wheel with languid motion round and round,

beautiful, yet in a mournful durance bound.

their peace, perhaps, our lightest footfall marred;

50

on their quick sense our sweetest music jarred;

and whither could they dart, if seized with fear?

no sheltering stone, no tangled root was near.

when fire or taper ceased to cheer the room,

they wore away the night in starless gloom;

55

and, when the sun first dawned upon the streams,

how faint their portion of his vital beams!

thus, and unable to complain, they fared,

while not one joy of ours by them was shared.

is there a cherished bird (i venture now

60

to snatch a sprig from chaucer’s reverend brow)—

is there a brilliant fondling of the cage,

though sure of plaudits on his costly stage,

though fed with dainties from the snow-white hand

of a kind mistress, fairest of the land,

65

but gladly would escape; and, if need were,

scatter the colours from the plumes that bear

the emancipated captive through blithe air

last poems (1820–1850) 671

into strange woods, where he at large may live

on best or worst which they and nature give?

70

the beetle loves his unpretending track,

the snail the house he carries on his back:

the far-fetched worm with pleasure would disown

the bed we give him, though of softest down;

a noble instinct; in all kinds the same,

75

all ranks! what sovereign, worthy of the name,

if doomed to breathe against his lawful will

an element that flatters him—to kill,

but would rejoice to barter outward show

for the least boon that freedom can bestow?

80

but most the bard is true to inborn right,

lark of the dawn, and philomel of night,

exults in freedom, can with rapture vouch

for the dear blessings of a lowly couch,

a natural meal—days, months, from nature’s hand;

85

time, place, and business, all at his command!

who bends to happier duties, who more wise

than the industrious poet, taught to prize,

above all grandeur, a pure life uncrossed

by cares in which simplicity is lost?

90

that life—the flowery path which winds by stealth,

which horace needed for his spirit’s health;

sighed for, in heart and genius, overcome

by noise, and strife, and questions wearisome,

and the vain splendours of imperial rome?

95

let easy mirth his social hours inspire,

and fiction animate his sportive lyre,

attuned to verse that crowning light distress

with garlands cheats her into happiness;

give me the humblest note of those sad strains

100

drawn forth by pressure of his gilded chains,

as a chance sunbeam from his memory fell

upon the sabine farm he loved so well;

or when the prattle of bandusia’s spring

haunted his ear—he only listening—

105

he proud to please, above all rivals, fit

to win the palm of gaiety and wit;

672 the poems of william wordsworth

he, doubt not, with involuntary dread,

shrinking from each new favour to be shed,

by the world’s ruler, on his honoured head!

110

in a deep vision’s intellectual scene,

such earnest longings and regrets as keen

depressed the melancholy cowley, laid

under a fancied yew-tree’s luckless shade;

a doleful bower for penitential song,

115

where man and muse complained of mutual wrong;

while cam’s ideal current glided by,

and antique towers nodded their foreheads high,

citadels dear to studious privacy.

but fortune, who had long been used to sport

120

with this tried servant of a thankless court,

relenting met his wishes; and to you

the remnant of his days at least was true;

you, whom, though long deserted, he loved best;

you, muses, books, fields, liberty, and rest!

125

but happier they who, fixing hope and aim

on the humanities of peaceful fame,

enter betimes with more than martial fire

the generous course, aspire, and still aspire;

upheld by warnings heeded not too late

130

stifle the contradictions of their fate,

and to one purpose cleave, their being’s godlike mate!

thus, gifted friend, but with the placid brow

that woman ne’er should forfeit, keep thy vow;

with modest scorn reject whate’er would blind

135

the ethereal eyesight, cramp the winged mind!

then, with a blessing granted from above

to every act, word, thought, and look of love,

life’s book for thee may lie unclosed, till age

shall with a thankful tear bedrop its latest page.

140

  “there is now, alas! no possibility of the anticipation, with which the above epistle con-

cludes, being realised: nor were the verses ever seen by the individual for whom they

were intended. she accompanied her husband, the rev. wm. fletcher, to india, and died

of cholera, at the age of thirty-two or thirty-three years, on her way from shalapore to

bombay, deeply lamented by all who knew her.

her enthusiasm was ardent, her piety steadfast; and her great talents would have ena-

bled her to be eminently useful in the difficult path of life to which she had been called. the last poems (1820–1850) 673

humanity (written in the year 1829)

not from his fellows only man may learn

rights to compare and duties to discern:

all creatures and all objects, in degree,

are friends and patrons of humanity.—ms.

[the rocking-stones, alluded to in the beginning of the following verses, are

supposed to have been used, by our british ancestors, both for judicial and

religious purposes. such stones are not uncommonly found, at this day, both

in great britain and in ireland.]

what though the accused, upon his own appeal

to righteous gods when man has ceased to feel,

or at a doubting judge’s stern command,

before the stone of power no longer stand—

to take his sentence from the balanced block,

5

as, at his touch, it rocks, or seems to rock;

though, in the depths of sunless groves, no more

the druid-priest the hallowed oak adore;

yet, for the initiate, rocks and whispering trees

do still perform mysterious offices!

10

and still in beast and bird a function dwells,

that, while we look and listen, sometimes tells

upon the heart, in more authentic guise

than oracles, or winged auguries,

spake to the science of the ancient wise.

15

not uninspired appear their simplest ways;

their voices mount symbolical of praise—

to mix with hymns that spirits make and hear;

and to fallen man their innocence is dear.

enraptured art draws from those sacred springs

20

streams that reflect the poetry of things!

where christian martyrs stand in hues portrayed,

that, might a wish avail, would never fade,

borne in their hands the lily and the palm

shed round the altar a celestial calm;

25

there, too, behold the lamb and guileless dove

opinion she entertained of her own performances, given to the world under her maiden

name, jewsbury, was modest and humble, and, indeed, far below their merits; as is often

the case with those who are making trial of their powers with a hope to discover what they

are best fitted for. in one quality, viz., quickness in the motions of her mind, she was in the author’s estimation unequalled.” ww

674 the poems of william wordsworth

prest in the tenderness of virgin love

to saintly bosoms!—glorious is the blending

of right affections, climbing or descending

along a scale of light and life, with cares

30

alternate; carrying holy thoughts and prayers

up to the sovereign seat of the most high;

descending to the worm in charity;

like those good angels whom a dream of night

gave, in the field of luz, to jacob’s sight;

35

all, while he slept, treading the pendent stairs

earthward or heavenward, radiant messengers,

that, with a perfect will in one accord

of strict obedience, served the almighty lord;

and with untired humility forbore

40

the ready service of the wings they wore.

what a fair world were ours for verse to paint,

if power could live at ease with self-restraint!

opinion bow before the naked sense

of the greatest vision,—faith in providence;

45

merciful over all existence, just

to the least particle of sentient dust;

and, fixing by immutable decrees,

seedtime and harvest for his purposes!

then would be closed the restless oblique eye

50

that looks for evil like a treacherous spy;

disputes would then relax, like stormy winds

that into breezes sink; impetuous minds

by discipline endeavour to grow meek

as truth herself, whom they profess to seek.

55

then genius, shunning fellowship with pride,

would braid his golden locks at wisdom’s side;

love ebb and flow untroubled by caprice;

and not alone harsh tyranny would cease,

but unoffending creatures find release

60

from qualified oppression, whose defence

rests on a hollow plea of recompence;

  “the author is indebted, here, to a passage in one of mr. digby’s valuable works.” ww

refers to kenelm henry digby, author of  the broad stone of honour: the true sense and

practice of chilvary (london, 826, 828,829).

last poems (1820–1850) 675

thought-tempered wrongs, for each humane respect

oft worse to bear, or deadlier in effect.

witness those glances of indignant scorn

65

from some high-minded slave, impelled to spurn

the kindness that would make him less forlorn;

or, if the soul to bondage be subdued,

his look of pitable gratitude!

alas for thee, bright galaxy of isles,

70

where day departs in pomp, returns with smiles—

to greet the flowers and fruitage of a land,

as the sun mounts, by sea-born breezes fanned;

a land whose azure mountain-tops are seats

for gods in council, whose green vales, retreats

75

fit for the shades of heroes, mingling there

to breathe elysian peace in upper air.

though cold as winter, gloomy as the grave,

stone-walls a prisoner make, but not a slave.

shall man assume a property in man?

80

lay on the moral will a withering ban?

shame that our laws at distance should protect

enormities, which they at home reject!

“slaves cannot breathe in england”—a proud boast!

and yet a mockery! if, from coast to coast,

85

though fettered slave be none, her floors and soil

groan underneath a weight of slavish toil,

for the poor many, measured out by rules

fetched with cupidity from heartless schools,

that to an idol, falsely called “the wealth

90

of nations,” sacrifice a people’s health,

body and mind and soul; a thirst so keen

is ever urging on the vast machine

of sleepless labour, ’mid whose dizzy wheels

the power least prized is that which thinks and feels.

95

then, for the pastimes of this delicate age,

and all the heavy or light vassalage

which for their sakes we fasten, as may suit

our varying moods, on human kind or brute,

’twere well in little, as in great, to pause,

100

676 the poems of william wordsworth

lest fancy trifle with eternal laws.

there are to whom even garden, grove, and field,

perpetual lessons of forbearance yield;

who would not lightly violate the grace

the lowliest flower possesses in its place;

105

nor shorten the sweet life, too fugitive,

which nothing less than infinite power could give.

“why art thou silent! is thy love a plant”

why art thou silent! is thy love a plant

of such weak fibre that the treacherous air

of absence withers what was once so fair?

is there no debt to pay, no boon to grant?

yet have my thoughts for thee been vigilant

5

(as would my deeds have been) with hourly care,

the mind’s least generous wish a mendicant

for nought but what thy happiness could spare.

speak, though this soft warm heart, once free to hold

a thousand tender pleasures, thine and mine,

10

be left more desolate, more dreary cold

than a forsaken bird’s-nest filled with snow

’mid its own bush of leafless eglantine;

speak, that my torturing doubts their end may know!

inscription

intended for a stone in the grounds of rydal mount

in these fair vales hath many a tree

at wordsworth’s suit been spared;

and from the builder’s hand this stone,

for some rude beauty of its own,

was rescued by the bard:

5

so let it rest,—and time will come

when here the tender-hearted

may heave a gentle sigh for him,

as one of the departed.

last poems (1820–1850) 677

elegiac musings

in the grounds of coleorton hall, the seat of

the late sir george beaumont, bart.

[in these grounds stands the parish church, wherein is a mural monument, the

inscription upon which, in deference to the earnest request of the deceased,

is confined to name, dates, and these words:—“enter not into judgment with

thy servant, o lord!”]

with copious eulogy in prose or rhyme

graven on the tomb we struggle against time,

alas, how feebly! but our feelings rise

and still we struggle when a good man dies:

such offering beaumont dreaded and forbade,

5

a spirit meek in self-abasement clad.

yet here at least, though few have numbered days

that shunned so modestly the light of praise,

his graceful manners, and the temperate ray

of that arch fancy which would round him play,

10

brightening a converse never known to swerve

from courtesy and delicate reserve;

that sense—the bland philosophy of life

which checked discussion ere it warmed to strife;

those fine accomplishments, and varied powers,

15

might have their record among sylvan bowers.

—oh, fled for ever! vanished like a blast

that shook the leaves in myriads as it passed;

gone from this world of earth, air, sea, and sky,

from all its spirit-moving imagery,

20

intensely studied with a painter’s eye,

a poet’s heart; and, for congenial view,

portrayed with happiest pencil, not untrue

to common recognitions while the line

flowed in a course of sympathy divine—

25

oh! severed too abruptly from delights

that all the seasons shared with equal rights—

rapt in the grace of undismantled age,

from soul-felt music, and the treasured page,

lit by that evening lamp which loved to shed

30

its mellow lustre round thy honoured head,

while friends beheld thee give with eye, voice, mien,

678 the poems of william wordsworth

more than theatric force to shakspeare’s scene—

rebuke us not!—the mandate is obeyed

that said, “let praise be mute where i am laid;”

35

the holier deprecation, given in trust

to the cold marble, waits upon thy dust;

yet have we found how slowly genuine grief

from silent admiration wins relief.

too long abashed thy name is like a rose

40

that doth “within itself its sweetness close;”

a drooping daisy changed into a cup

in which her bright-eyed beauty is shut up.

within these groves, where still are flitting by

shades of the past, oft noticed with a sigh,

45

shall stand a votive tablet, haply free,

when towers and temples fall, to speak of thee!

if sculptured emblems of our mortal doom

recall not there the wisdom of the tomb,

green ivy, risen from out the cheerful earth,

50

shall fringe the lettered stone; and herbs spring forth,

whose fragrance, by soft dews and rain unbound,

shall penetrate the heart without a wound;

while truth and love their purposes fulfil,

commemorating genius, talent, skill,

55

that could not lie concealed where thou wert known;

thy virtues he must judge, and he alone,

the god upon whose mercy they are thrown.

“chatsworth! thy stately mansion, and the pride”

chatsworth! thy stately mansion, and the pride

of thy domain, strange contrast do present

to house and home in many a craggy rent

of the wild peak; where new–born waters glide

through fields whose thrifty occupants abide

5

as in a dear and chosen banishment,

with every semblance of entire content;

so kind is simple nature, fairly tried!

yet he whose heart in childhood gave her troth

to pastoral dales, thin set with modest farms,

10

may learn, if judgement strengthen with his growth,

last poems (1820–1850) 679

that, not for fancy only, pomp hath charms;

and, strenuous to protect from lawless harms

the extremes of favoured life, may honour both.

to b. r. haydon, esq. on seeing his picture of napoleon buonaparte on

the island of st. helena

haydon! let worthier judges praise the skill

here by thy pencil shown in truth of lines

and charm of colours; i applaud those signs

of thought, that give the true poetic thrill;

that unencumbered whole of blank and still,

5

sky without cloud—ocean without a wave;

and the one man that laboured to enslave

the world, sole-standing high on the bare hill—

back turned, arms folded, the unapparent face

tinged, we may fancy, in this dreary place

10

with light reflected from the invisible sun

set like his fortunes; but not set for aye

like them. the unguilty power pursues his way,

and before him doth dawn perpetual run.

epitaph

by a blest husband guided, mary came

from nearest kindred, * * * * * * her new name;

she came, though meek of soul, in seemly pride

of happiness and hope, a youthful bride.

o dread reverse! if aught be so, which proves

5

that god will chasten whom he dearly loves.

faith bore her up through pains in mercy given,

and troubles that were each a step to heaven:

two babes were laid in earth before she died;

a third now slumbers at the mother’s side;

10

its sister-twin survives, whose smiles afford

a trembling solace to her widowed lord.

reader! if to thy bosom cling the pain

  ww  replaced  the  asterisks  with  the  last  name  of  mary  elizabeth  (carleton)  vernon,  a woman raised in grasmere, in the third edition of  yarrow revisited, and other poems

(london, 839). the epitaph was inscribed on a tablet in st. mary’s church in sprawley,

near hanbury, england.

680 the poems of william wordsworth

of recent sorrow combated in vain;

or if thy cherished grief have failed to thwart

15

time still intent on his insidious part,

lulling the mourner’s best good thoughts asleep,

pilfering regrets we would, but cannot, keep;

bear with him—judge him gently who makes known

his bitter loss by this memorial stone;

20

and pray that in his faithful breast the grace

of resignation find a hallowed place.

devotional incitements

“not to the earth confined,

“ascend to heaven.”

where will they stop, those breathing powers,

the spirits of the new-born flowers?

they wander with the breeze, they wind

where’er the streams a passage find;

up from their native ground they rise

5

in mute aërial harmonies;

from humble violet modest thyme

exhaled, the essential odours climb,

as if no space below the sky

their subtle flight could satisfy:

10

heaven will not tax our thoughts with pride

if like ambition be their guide.

roused by this kindliest of may-showers,

the spirit-quickener of the flowers,

that with moist virtue softly cleaves

15

the buds, and freshens the young leaves,

the birds pour forth their souls in notes

of rapture from a thousand throats,

here checked by too impetuous haste,

while there the music runs to waste,

20

with bounty more and more enlarged,

till the whole air is overcharged;

give ear, o man! to their appeal

and thirst for no inferior zeal,

thou, who canst think, as well as feel.

25

last poems (1820–1850) 681

mount from the earth; aspire! aspire!

so pleads the town’s cathedral choir,

in strains that from their solemn height

sink, to attain a loftier flight;

while incense from the altar breathes

30

rich fragrance in embodied wreaths;

or, flung from swinging censer, shrouds

the taper lights, and curls in clouds

around angelic forms, the still

creation of the painter’s skill,

35

that on the service wait concealed

one moment, and the next revealed.

—cast off your bonds, awake, arise,

and for no transient ecstasies!

what else can mean the visual plea

40

of still or moving imagery?

the iterated summons loud,

not wasted on the attendant crowd,

nor wholly lost upon the throng

hurrying the busy streets along?

45

alas! the sanctities combined

by art to unsensualise the mind,

decay and languish; or, as creeds

and humours change, are spurned like weeds:

the solemn rites, the awful forms,

50

founder amid fanatic storms;

the priests are from their altars thrust,

the temples levelled with the dust:

yet evermore, through years renewed

in undisturbed vicissitude

55

of seasons balancing their flight

on the swift wings of day and night,

kind nature keeps a heavenly door

wide open for the scattered poor.

where flower-breathed incense to the skies

60

is wafted in mute harmonies;

and ground fresh cloven by the plough

is fragrant with a humbler vow;

where birds and brooks from leafy dells

682 the poems of william wordsworth

chime forth unwearied canticles,

65

and vapours magnify and spread

the glory of the sun’s bright head;

still constant in her worship, still

conforming to the almighty will,

whether men sow or reap the fields,

70

her admonitions nature yields;

that not by bread alone we live,

or what a hand of flesh can give;

that every day should leave some part

free for a sabbath of the heart;

75

so shall the seventh be truly blest,

from morn to eve, with hallowed rest.

to the author’s portrait

[painted at rydal mount, by w. pickersgill, esq., for st. john’s college,

cambridge.]

go, faithful portrait! and where long hath knelt

margaret, the saintly foundress, take thy place;

and, if time spare the colours for the grace

which to the work surpassing skill hath dealt,

thou, on thy rock reclined, though kingdoms melt

5

and states be torn up by the roots, wilt seem

to breathe in rural peace, to hear the stream,

to think and feel as once the poet felt.

whate’er thy fate, those features have not grown

unrecognised through many a household tear,

10

more prompt more glad to fall than drops of dew

by morning shed around a flower half blown;

tears of delight, that testified how true

to life thou art, and, in thy truth, how dear!

[four poems written in response to the reform movement, december

1832]

i. “for lubbock vote—no legislative hack”

for lubbock vote—no legislative hack

the dupe of history—that old almanack!

the sage has read the stars with skill so true

last poems (1820–1850) 683

that men may trust him, and be certain, too,

the almanack he’ll follow must be new.

5

ii. “if this great world of joy and pain”

if this great world of joy and pain

revolve in one sure track;

if freedom, set, will rise again,

and virtue, flown, come back;

woe to the purblind crew who fill

5

the heart with each day’s care;

nor gain, from past or future, skill

to bear, and to forbear!

iii. “now that astrology is out of date”

now that astrology is out of date,

what have the stars to do with church and state?

in parliament should lubbock go astray,

twould be an odd excuse for friends to say,

“he’s wondrous knowing in the milky way! ”

5

iv. question and answer

“can lubbock fail to make a good m.p,

a whig so clever in astronomy?”

“baillie, a brother-sage, went forth as keen

of change—for what reward?—the guillotine:

not newton’s genius could have saved his head

5

from falling by the “mouvement” he had led.”

thought on the seasons

flattered with promise of escape

from every hurtful blast,

spring takes, o sprightly may! thy shape,

her loveliest and her last.

less fair is summer riding high

5

in fierce solstitial power,

less fair than when a lenient sky

brings on her parting hour.

684 the poems of william wordsworth

when earth repays with golden sheaves

the labours of the plough,

10

and ripening fruits and forest leaves

all brighten on the bough,

what pensive beauty autumn shows,

before she hears the sound

of winter rushing in, to close

15

the emblematic round!

such be our spring, our summer such;

so may our autumn blend

with hoary winter, and life touch,

through heaven-born hope, her end!

20

a wren’s nest

among the dwellings framed by birds

in field or forest with nice care,

is none that with the little wren’s

in snugness may compare.

no door the tenement requires,

5

and seldom needs a laboured roof;

yet is it to the fiercest sun

impervious and storm-proof.

so warm, so beautiful withal,

in perfect fitness for its aim,

10

that to the kind by special grace

their instinct surely came.

and when for their abodes they seek

an opportune recess,

the hermit has no finer eye

15

for shadowy quietness.

these find, ’mid ivied abbey walls,

a canopy in some still nook;

others are pent-housed by a brae

that overhangs a brook.

20

there to the brooding bird her mate

last poems (1820–1850) 685

warbles by fits his low clear song;

and by the busy streamlet both

are sung to all day long.

or in sequestered lanes they build,

25

where, till the flitting bird’s return,

her eggs within the nest repose,

like relics in an urn.

but still, where general choice is good,

there is a better and a best;

30

and, among fairest objects, some

are fairer than the rest;

this, one of those small builders proved

in a green covert, where, from out

the forehead of a pollard oak,

35

the leafy antlers sprout;

for she who planned the mossy lodge,

mistrusting her evasive skill,

had to a primrose looked for aid

her wishes to fulfil.

40

high on the trunk’s projecting brow,

and fixed an infant’s span above

the budding flowers, peeped forth the nest

the prettiest of the grove!

the treasure proudly did i show

45

to some whose minds without disdain

can turn to little things, but once

looked up for it in vain:

’tis gone—a ruthless spoiler’s prey,

who heeds not beauty, love, or song,

50

’tis gone! (so seemed it) and we grieved

indignant at the wrong.

just three days after, passing by

in clearer light the moss-built cell

i saw, espied its shaded mouth,

55

686 the poems of william wordsworth

and felt that all was well.

the primrose for a veil had spread

the largest of her upright leaves;

and thus, for purposes benign,

a simple flower deceives.

60

concealed from friends who might disturb

thy quiet with no ill intent,

secure from evil eyes and hands

on barbarous plunder bent,

rest, mother-bird! and when thy young

65

take flight, and thou art free to roam,

when withered is the guardian flower,

and empty thy late home,

think how ye prospered, thou and thine,

amid the unviolated grove

70

housed near the growing primrose tuft

in foresight, or in love.

evening voluntaries

i

calm is the fragrant air, and loth to lose

day’s grateful warmth, tho’ moist with falling dews.

look for the stars, you’ll say that there are none;

look up a second time, and, one by one,

you mark them twinkling out with silvery light,

5

and wonder how they could elude the sight.

the birds, of late so noisy in their bowers,

warbled a while with faint and fainter powers,

but now are silent as the dim-seen flowers:

nor does the village church-clock’s iron tone

10

the time’s and season’s influence disown;

nine beats distinctly to each other bound

in drowsy sequence; how unlike the sound

that, in rough winter, oft inflicts a fear

on fireside listeners, doubting what they hear!

15

last poems (1820–1850) 687

the shepherd, bent on rising with the sun,

had closed his door before the day was done,

and now with thankful heart to bed doth creep,

and join his little children in their sleep.

the bat, lured forth where trees the lane o’ershade,

20

flits and reflits along the close arcade;

far-heard the dor-hawk chases the white moth

with burring note, which industry and sloth

might both be pleased with, for it suits them both.

wheels and the tread of hoofs are heard no more;

25

one boat there was, but it will touch the shore

with the next dipping of its slackened oar;

faint sound, that, for the gayest of the gay,

might give to serious thought a moment’s sway,

as a last token of man’s toilsome day!

30

ii

not in the lucid intervals of life

that come but as a curse to party-strife;

not in some hour when pleasure with a sigh

of langour puts his rosy garland by;

not in the breathing-times of that poor slave

5

who daily piles up wealth in mammon’s cave,

is nature felt, or can be; nor do words,

which practised talent readily affords,

prove that her hand has touched responsive chords;

nor has her gentle beauty power to move

10

with genuine rapture and with fervent love

the soul of genius, if he dares to take

life’s rule from passion craved for passion’s sake;

untaught that meekness is the cherished bent

of all the truly great and all the innocent.

15

but who is innocent? by grace divine,

not otherwise, o nature! we are thine,

through good and evil thine, in just degree

of rational and manly sympathy.

to all that earth from pensive hearts is stealing,

20

and heaven is now to gladdened eyes revealing,

add every charm the universe can show

688 the poems of william wordsworth

through every change its aspects undergo,

care may be respited, but not repealed;

no perfect cure grows on the bounded field.

25

vain is the pleasure, a false calm the peace,

if he, through whom alone our conflicts cease,

our virtuous hopes without relapse advance,

come not to speed the soul’s deliverance;

to the distempered intellect refuse

30

his gracious help, or give what we abuse.

iii

(by the side of rydal mere)

the linnet’s warble, sinking towards a close,

hints to the thrush ’tis time for their repose;

the shrill-voiced thrush is heedless, and again

the monitor revives his own sweet strain;

but both will soon be mastered, and the copse

5

be left as silent as the mountain-tops,

ere some commanding star dismiss to rest

the throng of rooks, that now, from twig or nest,

(after a steady flight on home-bound wings,

and a last game of mazy hoverings

10

around their ancient grove) with cawing noise

disturb the liquid music’s equipoise.

o nightingale! who ever heard thy song

might here be moved, till fancy grows so strong

that listening sense is pardonably cheated

15

where wood or stream by thee was never greeted.

surely, from fairest spots of favoured lands,

were not some gifts withheld by jealous hands,

this hour of deepening darkness here would be,

as a fresh morning for new harmony;

20

and lays as prompt would hail the dawn of night;

a dawn she has both beautiful and bright,

when the east kindles with the full moon’s light.

wanderer by spring with gradual progress led,

for sway profoundly felt as widely spread;

25

to king, to peasant, to rough sailor, dear,

last poems (1820–1850) 689

and to the soldier’s trumpet-wearied ear;

how welcome wouldst thou be to this green vale

fairer than tempe! yet, sweet nightingale!

from the warm breeze that bears thee on alight

30

at will, and stay thy migratory flight;

build, at thy choice, or sing, by pool or fount,

who shall complain, or call thee to account?

the wisest, happiest, of our kind are they

that ever walk content with nature’s way,

35

god’s goodness measuring bounty as it may;

for whom the gravest thought of what they miss,

chastening the fulness of a present bliss,

is with that wholesome office satisfied,

while unrepining sadness is allied

40

in thankful bosoms to a modest pride.

iv

soft as a cloud is yon blue ridge—the mere

seems firm as solid crystal, breathless, clear,

and motionless; and, to the gazer’s eye,

deeper than ocean, in the immensity

of its vague mountains and unreal sky!

5

but, from the process in that still retreat,

turn to minuter changes at our feet;

observe how dewy twilight has withdrawn

the crowd of daisies from the shaven lawn,

and has restored to view its tender green,

10

that, while the sun rode high, was lost beneath their dazzling sheen.

—an emblem this of what the sober hour

can do for minds disposed to feel its power!

thus oft, when we in vain have wish’d away

the petty pleasures of the garish day,

15

meek eve shuts up the whole usurping host

(unbashful dwarfs each glittering at his post)

and leaves the disencumbered spirit free

to reassume a staid simplicity.

’tis well—but what are helps of time and place,

20

when wisdom stands in need of nature’s grace;

why do good thoughts, invoked or not, descend,

690 the poems of william wordsworth

like angels from their bowers, our virtues to befriend;

if yet to-morrow, unbelied, may say,

“i come to open out, for fresh display,

25

the elastic vanities of yesterday?”

v

the leaves that rustled on this oak-crowned hill,

and sky that danced among those leaves, are still;

rest smooths the way for sleep; in field and bower

soft shades and dews have shed their blended power

on drooping eyelid and the closing flower;

5

sound is there none at which the faintest heart

might leap, the weakest nerve of superstition start;

save when the owlet’s unexpected scream

pierces the ethereal vault; and ’mid the gleam

of unsubstantial imagery—the dream,

10

from the hushed vale’s realities, transferred

to the still lake, the imaginative bird

seems, ’mid inverted mountains, not unheard.

grave creature! whether, while the moon shines bright

on thy wings opened wide for smoothest flight,

15

thou art discovered in a roofless tower,

rising from what may once have been a lady’s bower:

or spied where thou sit’st moping in thy mew

at the dim centre of a churchyard yew;

or, from a rifted crag or ivy tod

20

deep in a forest, thy secure abode,

thou giv’st, for pastime’s sake, by shriek or shout,

a puzzling notice of thy whereabout;

may the night never come, the day be seen,

when i shall scorn thy voice or mock thy mien!

25

in classic ages men perceived a soul

of sapience in thy aspect, headless owl!

thee athens reverenced in the studious grove;

and, near the golden sceptre grasped by jove,

his eagle’s favourite perch, while round him sate

30

the gods revolving the decrees of fate,

thou, too, wert present at minerva’s side—

hark to that second larum! far and wide

last poems (1820–1850) 691

the elements have heard, and rock and cave replied.

vi

the sun, that seemed so mildly to retire,

flung back from distant climes a streaming fire,

whose blaze is now subdued to tender gleams,

prelude of night’s approach with soothing dreams.

look round;—of all the clouds not one is moving;

5

’tis the still hour of thinking, feeling, loving.

silent, and stedfast as the vaulted sky,

the boundless plain of waters seems to lie:—

comes that low sound from breezes rustling o’er

the grass-crowned headland that conceals the shore!

10

no ’tis the earth-voice of the mighty sea,

whispering how meek and gentle he can be!

thou power supreme! who, arming to rebuke

offenders, dost put off the gracious look,

and clothe thyself with terrors like the flood

15

of ocean roused into his fiercest mood,

whatever discipline thy will ordain

for the brief course that must for me remain;

teach me with quick-eared spirit to rejoice

in admonitions of thy softest voice!

20

whate’er the path these mortal feet may trace,

breathe through my soul the blessing of thy grace,

glad, through a perfect love, a faith sincere

drawn from the wisdom that begins with fear;

glad to expand, and, for a season, free

25

from finite cares, to rest absorbed in thee!

vii

(by the sea-side)

the sun is couched, the sea-fowl gone to rest,

and the wild storm hath somewhere found a nest;

air slumbers—wave with wave no longer strives,

only a heaving of the deep survives,

a tell-tale motion! soon will it be laid,

5

and by the tide alone the water swayed.

692 the poems of william wordsworth

stealthy withdrawings, interminglings mild

of light with shade in beauty reconciled—

such is the prospect far as sight can range,

the soothing recompence, the welcome change.

10

where now the ships that drove before the blast,

threatened by angry breakers as they passed;

and by a train of flying clouds bemocked;

or, in the hollow surge, at anchor rocked

as on a bed of death? some lodge in peace,

15

saved by his care who bade the tempest cease;

and some, too heedless of past danger, court

fresh gales to waft them to the far-off port;

but near, or hanging sea and sky between,

not one of all those winged powers is seen,

20

seen in her course, nor ’mid this quiet heard;

yet oh! how gladly would the air be stirred

by some acknowledgment of thanks and praise,

soft in its temper as those vesper lays

sung to the virgin while accordant oars

25

urge the slow bark along calabrian shores;

a sea-born service through the mountains felt

till into one loved vision all things melt:

or like those hymns that soothe with graver sound

the gulfy coast of norway iron-bound;

30

and, from the wide and open baltic, rise

with punctual care, lutherian harmonies.

hush, not a voice is here! but why repine,

now when the star of eve comes forth to shine

on british waters with that look benign?

35

ye mariners, that plough your onward way,

or in the haven rest, or sheltering bay,

may silent thanks at least to god be given

with a full heart, “our thoughts are heard in heaven!”

viii

the sun has long been set,

the stars are out by twos and threes,

  for ww’s explanatory note for viii and ix, see the notes at the end of this volume. ww

first published a version of “the sun has long been set” in poems, in two volumes in 807

(see vol.  of this edition).

last poems (1820–1850) 693

the little birds are piping

among the bushes and trees;

there’s a cuckoo, and one or two thrushes,

5

and a far-off wind that rushes,

and a sound of water that gushes,

and the cuckoo’s sovereign cry

fills all the hollow of the sky.

who would “go parading”

10

in london, “and masquerading,”

on such a night of june

with that beautiful soft half-moon,

and all these innocent blisses,

on such a night as this is?

15

ix

throned in the sun’s descending car

what power unseen diffuses far

this tendernes of mind?

what genius smiles on yonder flood?

what god in whispers from the wood

5

bids every thought be kind?

o ever pleasing solitude,

companion of the wise and good,

thy shades, thy silence, now be mine,

thy charms my only theme;

10

my haunt the hollow cliff whose pine

waves o’er the gloomy stream;

whence the scared owl on pinions grey

breaks from the rustling boughs,

and down the lone vale sails away

15

to more profound repose!

composed by the sea-shore

what mischief cleaves to unsubdued regret,

how fancy sickens by vague hopes beset;

how baffled projects on the spirit prey,

  for ww’s comment on this poem see the notes at the end of this volume.

694 the poems of william wordsworth

and fruitless wishes eat the heart away,

the sailor knows; he best whose lot is cast

5

on the relentless sea that holds him fast

on chance dependent, and the fickle star

of power, through long and melancholy war.

o sad it is, in sight of foreign shores,

daily to think on old familiar doors,

10

hearths loved in childhood and ancestral floors;

or, tossed about along a waste of foam,

to ruminate on that delightful home

which with the dear betrothed was to come;

or came and was, and is, yet meets the eye

15

never but in the world of memory;

or in a dream recalled, whose smoothest range

is crossed by knowledge, or by dread, of change,

and if not so, whose perfect joy makes sleep

a thing too bright for breathing man to keep.

20

hail to the virtues which that perilous life

extracts from nature’s elemental strife;

and welcome glory won in battles fought

as bravely as the foe was keenly sought.

but to each gallant captain and his crew

25

a less imperious sympathy is due,

such as my verse now yields, while moonbeams play

on the mute sea in this unruffled bay;

such as will promptly flow from every breast,

where good men, disappointed in the quest

30

of wealth and power and honours, long for rest;

or having known the splendours of success,

sigh for the obscurities of happiness.

to ———,

upon the birth of her first-born child, march, 1833

“tum porro puer, ut sævis projectus ab undis

navita; nudus humi jacet,” andc.—lucretius.

like a shipwreck’d sailor tost

by rough waves on a perilous coast,

  addressed to isabella, wife of ww’s son john, on the occasion of the birth of jane, ww’s

first grandchild.

last poems (1820–1850) 695

lies the babe, in helplessness

and in tenderest nakedness,

flung by labouring nature forth

5

upon the mercies of the earth.

can its eyes beseech? no more

than the hands are free to implore:

voice but serves for one brief cry,

plaint was it? or prophecy

10

of sorrow that will surely come?

omen of man’s grievous doom!

but, o mother! by the close

duly granted to thy throes;

by the silent thanks now tending

15

incense-like to heaven, descending

now to mingle and to move

with the gush of earthly love,

as a debt to that frail creature,

instrument of struggling nature

20

for the blissful calm, the peace

known but to this one release;

can the pitying spirit doubt

that for human-kind springs out

from the penalty a sense

25

of more than mortal recompence?

as a floating summer cloud,

though of gorgeous drapery proud,

to the sun-burnt traveller,

or the stooping labourer,

30

ofttimes makes its bounty known

by its shadow round him thrown;

so, by chequerings of sad cheer,

heavenly guardians, brooding near,

of their presence tell—too bright

35

haply for corporeal sight!

ministers of grace divine

feelingly their brows incline

o’er this seeming castaway

breathing, in light of day,

40

696 the poems of william wordsworth

something like the faintest breath

that has power to baffle death—

beautiful, while very weakness

captivates like passive meekness!

and, sweet mother! under warrant

45

of the universal parent,

who repays in season due

them who have, like thee, been true

to the filial chain let down

from his everlasting throne,

50

angels hovering round thy couch,

with their softest whispers vouch,

that, whatever griefs may fret,

cares entangle, sins beset

this thy first-born, and with tears

55

stain her cheek in future years,

heavenly succour, not denied

to the babe, whate’er betide,

will to the woman be supplied!

mother! blest be thy calm ease;

60

blest the starry promises,

and the firmament benign

hallowed be it, where they shine!

yes, for them whose souls have scope

ample for a winged hope,

65

and can earthward bend an ear

for needful listening, pledge is here,

that, if thy new-born charge shall tread

in thy footsteps, and be led

by that other guide, whose light

70

of manly virtues, mildly bright,

gave him first the wished-for part

in thy gentle virgin heart,

then, amid the storms of life

presignified by that dread strife

75

whence ye have escaped together,

she may look for serene weather;

in all trials sure to find

last poems (1820–1850) 697

comfort for a faithful mind;

kindlier issues, holier rest,

80

than even now await her prest,

conscious nursling, to thy breast!

the warning

a sequel to the foregoing. march, 1833

list, the winds of march are blowing;

her ground-flowers shrink, afraid of showing

their meek heads to the nipping air,

which ye feel not, happy pair!

sunk into a kindly sleep.

5

we, meanwhile, our hope will keep;

and if time leagued with adverse change

(too busy fear!) shall cross its range,

whatsoever check they bring,

anxious duty hindering,

10

to like hope our prayers will cling.

thus, while the ruminating spirit feeds

upon each home-event as life proceeds,

affections pure and holy in their source

gain a fresh impulse, run a livelier course;

15

hopes that within the father’s heart prevail,

are in the experienced grandsire’s slow to fail;

and if the harp pleased his gay youth, it rings

to his grave touch with no unready strings,

while thoughts press on, and feelings overflow,

20

and quick words round him fall like flakes of snow.

thanks to the powers that yet maintain their sway,

and have renewed the tributary lay.

truths of the heart flock in with eager pace,

and fancy greets them with a fond embrace;

25

swift as the rising sun his beams extends

she shoots the tidings forth to distant friends;

their gifts she hails (deemed precious, as they prove

for the unconscious babe an unbelated love!)

  sequel to  to ———, upon the birth of her first-born child, march, 833 .

698 the poems of william wordsworth

but from this peaceful centre of delight

30

vague sympathies have urged her to take flight.

she rivals the fleet swallow, making rings

in the smooth lake where’er he dips his wings:

—rapt into upper regions, like the bee

that sucks from mountain heath her honey fee;

35

or, like the warbling lark intent to shroud

his head in sunbeams or a bowery cloud,

she soars—and here and there her pinions rest

on proud towers, like this humble cottage, blest

with a new visitant, an infant guest—

40

towers where red streamers flout the breezy sky

in pomp foreseen by her creative eye,

when feasts shall crowd the hall, and steeple bells

glad proclamation make, and heights and dells

catch the blithe music as it sinks or swells;

45

and harboured ships, whose pride is on the sea,

shall hoist their topmast flags in sign of glee,

honouring the hope of noble ancestry.

but who (though neither reckoning ills assigned

by nature, nor reviewing in the mind

50

the track that was, and is, and must be, worn

with weary feet by all of woman born)—

shall now by such a gift with joy be moved,

nor feel the fulness of that joy reproved?

not he, whose last faint memory will command

55

the truth that britain was his native land;

whose infant soul was tutored to confide

in the cleansed faith for which her martyrs died;

whose boyish ear the voice of her renown

with rapture thrilled; whose youth revered the crown

60

of saxon liberty that alfred wore,

alfred, dear babe, thy great progenitor!

—not he, who from her mellowed practice drew

his social sense of just, and fair, and true;

and saw, thereafter, on the soil of france

65

rash polity begin her maniac dance,

foundations broken up, the deeps run wild,

nor grieved to see, (himself not unbeguiled)—

last poems (1820–1850) 699

woke from the dream, the dreamer to upbraid,

and learn how sanguine expectations fade

70

when novel trusts by folly are betrayed,—

to see presumption, turning pale, refrain

from further havoc, but repent in vain,—

good aims lie down, and perish in the road

where guilt had urged them on, with ceaseless goad,

75

till undiscriminating ruin swept

the land, and wrong perpetual vigils kept;

with proof before her that on public ends

domestic virtue vitally depends.

can such a one, dear babe! though glad and proud

80

to welcome thee, repel the fears that crowd

into his english breast, and spare to quake

not for his own, but for thy innocent sake?

too late—or, should the providence of god

lead, through blind ways by sin and sorrow trod,

85

justice and peace to a secure abode,

too soon—thou com’st into this breathing world;

ensigns of mimic outrage are unfurled.

who shall preserve or prop the tottering realm?

what hand suffice to govern the state-helm?

90

if, in the aims of men, the surest test

of good or bad (whate’er be sought for or profest)

lie in the means required, or ways ordained,

for compassing the end, else never gained;

yet governors and govern’d both are blind

95

to this plain truth, or fling it to the wind;

if to expedience principle must bow;

past, future, shrinking up beneath the incumbent now;

if cowardly concession still must feed

the thirst for power in men who ne’er concede;

100

if generous loyalty must stand in awe

of subtle treason, with his mask of law;

or with bravado insolent and hard,

provoking punishment, to win reward;

if office help the factious to conspire,

105

and they who should extinguish, fan the fire—

then, will the sceptre be a straw, the crown

700 the poems of william wordsworth

sit loosely, like the thistle’s crest of down;

to be blown off at will, by power that spares it

in cunning patience, from the head that wears it.

110

lost people, trained to theoretic feud;

lost above all, ye labouring multitude!

bewildered whether ye, by slanderous tongues

deceived, mistake calamities for wrongs;

and over fancied usurpations brood,

115

oft snapping at revenge in sullen mood;

or, from long stress of real injuries fly

to desperation for a remedy;

in bursts of outrage spread your judgments wide,

and to your wrath cry out, “be thou our guide;”

120

or, bound by oaths, come forth to tread earth’s floor

in marshalled thousands, darkening street and moor

with the worst shape mock-patience ever wore;

or, to the giddy top of self-esteem

by flatterers carried, mount into a dream

125

of boundless suffrage, at whose sage behest

justice shall rule, disorder be supprest,

and every man sit down as plenty’s guest!

—o for a bridle bitted with remorse

to stop your leaders in their headstrong course!

130

oh may the almighty scatter with his grace

these mists, and lead you to a safer place,

by paths no human wisdom can foretrace!

may he pour round you, from worlds far above

man’s feverish passions, his pure light of love,

135

that quietly restores the natural mien

to hope, and makes truth willing to be seen!

else shall your blood-stained hands in frenzy reap

fields gaily sown when promises were cheap.

why is the past belied with wicked art,

140

the future made to play so false a part,

among a people famed for strength of mind,

foremost in freedom, noblest of mankind?

we act as if we joyed in the sad tune

storms make in rising, valued in the moon

145

nought but her changes. thus, ungrateful nation!

last poems (1820–1850) 701

if thou persist, and, scorning moderation,

spread for thyself the snares of tribulation,

whom, then, shall meekness guard? what saving skill

lie in forbearance, strength in standing still?

150

—soon shall the widow (for the speed of time

nought equals when the hours are winged with crime)

widow, or wife, implore on tremulous knee,

from him who judged her lord, a like decree;

the skies will weep o’er old men desolate:

155

ye little-ones! earth shudders at your fate,

outcasts and homeless orphans——

but turn, my soul, and from the sleeping pair

learn thou the beauty of omniscient care!

be strong in faith, bid anxious thoughts lie still;

160

seek for the good and cherish it—the ill

oppose, or bear with a submissive will.

“he who defers his work from day to day”

he who defers his work from day to day

does on a river’s bank expecting stay,

till the whole stream which stopped him shall be gone

which runs and as it runs for ever will run on.

to the utilitarians

avaunt this œconomic rage!

what would it bring?—an iron age,

where fact with heartless search explored

shall be imagination’s lord,

and sway with absolute controul,

5

the god-like functions of the soul.

not thus can knowledge elevate

our nature from her fallen state.

with sober reason faith unites

to vindicate the ideal rights

10

of human-kind—the true agreeing

of objects with internal seeing,

of effort with the end of being.—

702 the poems of william wordsworth

the labourer’s noon-day hymn

up to the throne of god is borne

the voice of praise at early morn,

and he accepts the punctual hymn

sung as the light of day grows dim.

nor will he turn his ear aside

5

from holy offerings at noontide:

then here reposing let us raise

a song of gratitude and praise.

what though our burthen be not light

we need not toil from morn to night;

10

the respite of the mid-day hour

is in the thankful creature’s power.

blest are the moments, doubly blest,

that, drawn from this one hour of rest,

are with a ready heart bestowed

15

upon the service of our god!

why should we crave a hallowed spot?

an altar is in each man’s cot,

a church in every grove that spreads

its living roof above our heads.

20

look up to heaven! the industrious sun

already half his race hath run;

he cannot halt nor go astray,

but our immortal spirits may.

lord! since his rising in the east,

25

if we have faltered or transgressed,

guide, from thy love’s abundant source,

what yet remains of this day’s course:

help with thy grace, through life’s short day

our upward and our downward way;

30

and glorify for us the west,

when we shall sink to final rest.

last poems (1820–1850) 703

love lies bleeding

you call it, “love lies bleeding,”—so you may,

though the red flower, not prostrate, only droops,

as we have seen it here from day to day,

from month to month, life passing not away:

a flower how rich in sadness! even thus stoops,

5

(sentient by grecian sculpture’s marvellous power)

thus leans, with hanging brow and body bent

earthward in uncomplaining languishment,

the dying gladiator. so, sad flower!

(’tis fancy guides me willing to be led,

10

though by a slender thread,)

so drooped adonis bathed in sanguine dew

of his death-wound, when he from innocent air

the gentlest breath of resignation drew;

while venus in a passion of despair

15

rent, weeping over him, her golden hair

spangled with drops of that celestial shower.

she suffered, as immortals sometimes do;

but pangs more lasting far, that lover knew

who first, weighed down by scorn, in some lone bower

20

did press this semblance of unpitied smart

into the service of his constant heart,

his own dejection, downcast flower! could share

with thine, and gave the mournful name which thou wilt ever bear.

companion to the foregoing

never enlivened with the liveliest ray

that fosters growth or checks or cheers decay,

nor by the heaviest rain-drops more deprest,

this flower, that first appeared as summer’s guest,

preserved her beauty among summer leaves,

5

and to her mournful habits fondly cleaves.

when files of stateliest plants have ceased to bloom,

one after one submitting to their doom,

when her coevals each and all are fled,

what keeps her thus reclined upon her lonesome bed?

10

the old mythologists, more impress’d than we

of this late day by character in tree

704 the poems of william wordsworth

or herb, that claimed peculiar sympathy,

or by the silent lapse of fountain clear,

or with the language of the viewless air

15

by bird or beast made vocal, sought a cause

to solve the mystery, not in nature’s laws

but in man’s fortunes. hence a thousand tales

sung to the plaintive lyre in grecian vales.

nor doubt that something of their spirit swayed

20

the fancy-stricken youth or heart-sick maid,

who, while each stood companionless and eyed

this undeparting flower in crimson dyed,

thought of a wound which death is slow to cure,

a fate that has endured and will endure,

25

and, patience coveting yet passion feeding,

called the dejected lingerer, love lies bleeding.

written in an album

small service is true service while it lasts;

of friends, however humble, scorn not one:

the daisy, by the shadow that it casts,

protects the lingering dew-drop from the sun.

lines

suggested by a portrait from the pencil of f. stone

beguiled into forgetfulness of care

due to the day’s unfinished task, of pen

or book regardless, and of that fair scene

in nature’s prodigality displayed

before my window, oftentimes and long

5

i gaze upon a portrait whose mild gleam

of beauty never ceases to enrich

the common light; whose stillness charms the air,

or seems to charm it, into like repose;

whose silence, for the pleasure of the ear,

10

surpasses sweetest music. there she sits

with emblematic purity attired

in a white vest, white as her marble neck

is, and the pillar of the throat would be

last poems (1820–1850) 705

but for the shadow by the drooping chin

15

cast into that recess—the tender shade

the shade and light, both there and every where,

and through the very atmosphere she breathes,

broad, clear, and toned harmoniously, with skill

that might from nature have been learnt in the hour

20

when the lone shepherd sees the morning spread

upon the mountains. look at her, whoe’er

thou be, that kindling with a poet’s soul

hast loved the painter’s true promethean craft

intensely—from imagination take

25

the treasure, what mine eyes behold see thou,

even though the atlantic ocean roll between.

a silver line, that runs from brow to crown,

and in the middle parts the braided hair,

just serves to show how delicate a soil

30

the golden harvest grows in; and those eyes,

soft and capacious as a cloudless sky

whose azure depth their colour emulates,

must needs be conversant with upward looks,

prayer’s voiceless service; but now, seeking nought

35

and shunning nought, their own peculiar life

of motion they renounce, and with the head

partake its inclination towards earth

in humble grace, and quiet pensiveness

caught at the point where it stops short of sadness.

40

offspring of soul-bewitching art, make me

thy confidant! say, whence derived that air

of calm abstraction? can the ruling thought

be with some lover far away, or one

crossed by misfortune, or of doubted faith?

45

inapt conjecture! childhood here, a moon

crescent in simple loveliness serene,

has but approached the gates of womanhood,

not entered them; her heart is yet unpierced

by the blind archer-god, her fancy free:

50

the fount of feeling, if unsought elsewhere,

will not be found.

706 the poems of william wordsworth

her right hand, as it lies

across the slender wrist of the left arm

upon her lap reposing, holds—but mark

how slackly, for the absent mind permits

55

no firmer grasp—a little wild-flower, joined

as in a posy, with a few pale ears

of yellowing corn, the same that overtopped

and in their common birthplace sheltered it

’till they were plucked together; a blue flower

60

called by the thrifty husbandman a weed ;

but ceres, in her garland, might have worn

that ornament, unblamed. the floweret, held

in scarcely conscious fingers, was, she knows,

(her father told her so) in youth’s gay dawn

65

her mother’s favourite; and the orphan girl,

in her own dawn—a dawn less gay and bright,

loves it while there in solitary peace

she sits, for that departed mother’s sake.

—not from a source less sacred is derived

70

(surely i do not err) that pensive air

of calm abstraction through the face diffused

and the whole person.

words have something told

more than the pencil can, and verily

more than is needed, but the precious art

75

forgives their interference—art divine,

that both creates and fixes, in despite

of death and time, the marvels it hath wrought.

strange contrasts have we in this world of ours!

that posture, and the look of filial love

80

thinking of past and gone, with what is left

dearly united, might be swept away

from this fair portrait’s fleshly archetype,

even by an innocent fancy’s slightest freak

banished, nor ever, haply, be restored

85

to their lost place, or meet in harmony

so exquisite; but here do they abide,

enshrined for ages. is not then the art

last poems (1820–1850) 707

godlike, a humble branch of the divine,

in visible quest of immortality,

90

stretched forth with trembling hope? in every realm,

from high gibraltar to siberian plains,

thousands, in each variety of tongue

that europe knows, would echo this appeal;

one above all, a monk who waits on god

95

in the magnific convent built of yore

to sanctify the escurial palace. he,

guiding, from cell to cell and room to room,

a british painter (eminent for truth

in character, and depth of feeling, shown

100

by labours that have touched the hearts of kings,

and are endeared to simple cottagers)

left not unvisited a glorious work,

our lord’s last supper, beautiful as when first

the appropriate picture, fresh from titian’s hand,

105

graced the refectory: and there, while both

stood with eyes fixed upon that masterpiece,

the hoary father in the stranger’s ear

breathed out these words:—“here daily do we sit,

thanks given to god for daily bread, and here

110

pondering the mischiefs of these restless times,

and thinking of my brethren, dead, dispersed,

or changed and changing, i not seldom gaze

upon this solemn company unmoved

by shock of circumstance, or lapse of years,

115

until i cannot but believe that they—

they are in truth the substance, we the shadows.”

so spake the mild jeronymite, his griefs

melting away within him like a dream

ere he had ceased to gaze, perhaps to speak:

120

and i, grown old, but in a happier land,

domestic portrait! have to verse consigned

in thy calm presence those heart-moving words:

  “the pile of buildings, composing the palace and convent of san lorenzo, has, in common

usage, lost its proper name in that of the  escurial, a village at the foot of the hill upon which the splendid edifice, built by philip the second, stands. it need scarcely be added, that

wilkie is the painter alluded to.” ww

708 the poems of william wordsworth

words that can soothe, more than they agitate;

whose spirit, like the angel that went down

125

into bethesda’s pool, with healing virtue

informs the fountain in the human breast

that by the visitation was disturbed.

——but why this stealing tear? companion mute,

on thee i look, not sorrowing; fare thee well,

130

my song’s inspirer, once again farewell!

the foregoing subject resumed

among a grave fraternity of monks,

for one, but surely not for one alone,

triumphs, in that great work, the painter’s skill,

humbling the body, to exalt the soul;

yet representing, amid wreck and wrong

5

and dissolution and decay, the warm

and breathing life of flesh, as if already

clothed with impassive majesty, and graced

with no mean earnest of a heritage

assigned to it in future worlds. thou, too,

10

with thy memorial flower, meek portraiture!

from whose serene companionship i passed,

pursued by thoughts that haunt me still; thou also—

though but a simple object, into light

called forth by those affections that endear

15

the private hearth; though keeping thy sole seat

in singleness, and little tried by time,

creation, as it were, of yesterday—

with a congenial function art endued

for each and all of us, together joined,

20

in course of nature, under a low roof

by charities and duties that proceed

out of the bosom of a wiser vow.

to a like salutary sense of awe,

  “in the class entitled “musings,” in mr. southey’s minor poems, is one upon his own minia-

ture picture, taken in childhood, and another upon a landscape painted by gaspar poussin.

it is possible that every word of the above verses, though similar in subject, might have

been written had the author been unacquainted with those beautiful effusions of poetic

sentiment. but, for his own satisfaction, he must be allowed thus publicly to acknowledge

the pleasure those two poems of his friend have given him, and the grateful influence they

have upon his mind as often as he reads them, or thinks of them.” ww

last poems (1820–1850) 709

or sacred wonder, growing with the power

25

of meditation that attempts to weigh,

in faithful scales, things and their opposites,

can thy enduring quiet gently raise

a household small and sensitive,—whose love,

dependent as in part its blessings are

30

upon frail ties dissolving or dissolved

on earth, will be revived, we trust, in heaven.

“desponding father! mark this altered bough”

desponding father! mark this altered bough,

so beautiful of late, with sunshine warmed,

or moist with dews; what more unsightly now,

its blossoms shrivelled, and its fruit, if formed,

invisible? yet spring her genial brow

5

knits not o’er that discolouring and decay

as false to expectation. nor fret thou

at like unlovely process in the may

of human life: a stripling’s graces blow,

fade and are shed, that from their timely fall

10

(misdeem it not a cankerous change) may grow

rich mellow bearings, that for thanks shall call;

in all men, sinful is it to be slow

to hope—in parents, sinful above all.

lines

written in the album of the countess of ———.

nov. 5, 1834

lady! a pen, perhaps, with thy regard,

among the favoured, favoured not the least,

left, ’mid the records of this book inscribed,

deliberate traces, registers of thought

and feeling, suited to the place and time

5

that gave them birth:—months passed, and still this hand,

that had not been too timid to imprint

words which the virtues of thy lord inspired,

was yet not bold enough to write of thee.

1 ww identified the countess lonsdale in the third edition of yarrow revisited, and other poems (839).

710 the poems of william wordsworth

and why that scrupulous reserve? in sooth

10

the blameless cause lay in the theme itself.

flowers are there many that delight to strive

with the sharp wind, and seem to court the shower,

yet are by nature careless of the sun

whether he shine on them or not; and some,

15

where’er he moves along the unclouded sky,

turn a broad front full on his flattering beams:

others do rather from their notice shrink,

loving the dewy shade,—a humble band,

modest and sweet, a progeny of earth,

20

congenial with thy mind and character,

high-born augusta!

towers, and stately groves,

bear witness for me; thou, too, mountain-stream!

from thy most secret haunts; and ye parterres,

which she is pleased and proud to call her own;

25

witness how oft upon my noble friend

mute offerings, tribute from an inward sense

of admiration and respectful love,

have waited, till the affections could no more

endure that silence, and broke out in song;

30

snatches of music taken up and dropt

like those self-solacing those under notes

trilled by the redbreast, when autumnal leaves

are thin upon the bough. mine, only mine,

the pleasure was, and no one heard the praise,

35

checked, in the moment of its issue checked;

and reprehended by a fancied blush

from the pure qualities that called it forth.

thus virtue lives debarred from virtue’s meed;

thus, lady, is retiredness a veil

40

that, while it only spreads a softening charm

o’er features looked at by discerning eyes,

hides half their beauty from the common gaze;

and thus, even on the exposed and breezy hill

of lofty station, female goodness walks,

45

when side by side with lunar gentleness,

last poems (1820–1850) 711

as in a cloister. yet the grateful poor

(such the immunities of low estate,

plain nature’s enviable privilege,

her sacred recompence for many wants)

50

open their hearts before thee, pouring out

all that they think and feel, with tears of joy;

and benedictions not unheard in heaven:

and friend in the ear of friend, where speech is free

to follow truth, is eloquent as they.

55

then let the book receive in these prompt lines

a just memorial; and thine eyes consent

to read that they, who mark thy course, behold

a life declining with the golden light

of summer, in the season of sere leaves;

60

see cheerfulness undamped by stealing time;

see studied kindness flow with easy stream,

illustrated with inborn courtesy;

and an habitual disregard of self

balanced by vigilance for others’ weal.

65

and shall the verse not tell of lighter gifts

with these ennobling attributes conjoined

and blended, in peculiar harmony,

by youth’s surviving spirit? what agile grace!

a nymph-like liberty, in nymph-like form,

70

beheld with wonder; whether floor or path

thou tread, or on the managed steed art borne,

fleet as the shadows, over down or field,

driven by strong winds at play among the clouds.

yet one word more—one farewell word—a wish

75

which came, but it has passed into a prayer,

that, as thy sun in brightness is declining,

so, at an hour yet distant for their sakes

whose tender love, here faltering on the way

of a diviner love, will be forgiven,—

80

so may it set in peace, to rise again

for everlasting glory won by faith.

712 the poems of william wordsworth

“fairy skill”

fairy skill,

fairy’s hand,

and a quill

from fairy-land,

album small!

5

are needed all

to write in you;

so adieu

w.w.—

the redbreast

(suggested in a westmoreland cottage)

driven in by autumn’s sharpening air,

from half-stripped woods and pastures bare,

brisk robin seeks a kindlier home:

not like a beggar is he come,

but enters as a looked-for guest,

5

confiding in his ruddy breast,

as if it were a natural shield

charged with a blazon on the field,

due to that good and pious deed

of which we in the ballad read.

10

but pensive fancies putting by,

and wild-wood sorrows, speedily

he plays the expert ventriloquist;

and, caught by glimpses now—now missed,

puzzles the listener with a doubt

15

if the soft voice he throws about

comes from within doors of without!

was ever such a sweet confusion,

sustained by delicate illusion?

he’s at your elbow—to your feeling

20

the notes are from the floor or ceiling;

and there’s a riddle to be guessed,

’till you have marked his heaving breast,

where tiny sinking, and faint swell,

betray the elf that loves to dwell

25

last poems (1820–1850) 713

in robin’s bosom, as a chosen cell.

heart-pleased we smile upon the bird

if seen, and with like pleasure stirred

commend him, when he’s only heard.

but small and fugitive our gain

30

compared with his who long hath lain,

with languid limbs and patient head,

reposing on a lone sick-bed;

where now he daily hears a strain

that cheats him of too busy cares,

35

eases his pain, and helps his prayers.

and who but this dear bird beguiled

the fever of that pale-faced child?

now cooling, with his passing wing,

her forhead, like a breeze of spring;

40

recalling now, with descant soft

shed round her pillow from aloft,

sweet thoughts of angels hovering nigh,

and the invisible sympathy

of “mathew, mark, and luke, and john,

45

blessing the bed she lies upon:”

and sometimes, just as listening ends

in slumber, with the cadence blends

a dream of that low-warbled hymn

which old-folk, fondly pleased to trim

50

lamps of faith now burning dim,

say that the cherubs carved in stone,

when clouds gave way at dead of night,

and the moon filled the church with light,

used to sing in heavenly tone,

55

above and round the sacred places

they guard, with winged baby-faces.

thrice-happy creature! in all lands

nurtured by hospitable hands:

free entrance to this cot has he,

60

  “the words—

‘mathew, mark, and luke, and john,

    bless the bed that i lie on,’

are part of a child’s prayer, still in general use through the northern counties.” ww

714 the poems of william wordsworth

entrance and exit both yet free;

and, when the keen unruffled weather

that thus brings man and bird together,

shall with its pleasantness be past,

and casement closed and door made fast,

65

to keep at bay the howling blast,

he needs not fear the season’s rage,

for the whole house is robin’s cage.

whether the bird flit here or there,

o’er table lilt, or perch on chair,

70

though some may frown, and make a stir

to scare him as a trespasser,

and he belike will flinch or start,

good friends he has to take his part;

one chiefly, who with voice and look

75

pleads for him from the chimney nook,

where sits the dame, and wears away

her long and vacant holiday;

with images about her heart,

reflected, from the years gone by,

80

on human nature’s second infancy.

upon seeing a coloured drawing of the bird of paradise

in an album

who rashly strove thy image to portray?

thou buoyant minion of the tropic air;

how could he think of the live creature—gay

with a divinity of colours—drest

in all her brightness, from the dancing crest

5

far as the last gleam of the filmy train

extended and extending to sustain

the motions that it graces—and forbear

to drop his pencil! flowers of every clime

depicted on these pages smile at time;

10

and gorgeous insects copied with nice care

are here, and likenesses of many a shell

tossed ashore by restless waves,

or in the diver’s grasp fetched up from caves

where sea-nymphs might be proud to dwell:

15

last poems (1820–1850) 715

but whose rash hand (again i ask) could dare,

’mid casual tokens and promiscuous shows,

to circumscribe this shape in fixed repose;

could imitate for indolent survey,

perhaps for touch profane,

20

plumes that might catch, but cannot keep a stain;

and, with cloud-streaks lightest and loftiest, share

the sun’s first greeting, his last farewell ray!

resplendent wanderer! followed with glad eyes

where’er her course; mysterious bird!

25

to whom, by wondering fancy stirred,

eastern islanders have given

a holy name—the bird of heaven!

and even a title higher still,

the bird of god! whose blessed will

30

she seems performing as she flies

over the earth and through the skies

in never-wearied search of paradise—

region that crowns her beauty, with the name

she bears for us—for us how blest,

35

how happy at all seasons, could like aim

uphold our spirits urged to kindred flight

on wings that fear no glance of god’s pure sight,

no tempest from his breath, their promised rest

seeking with indefatigable quest

40

above a world that deems itself most wise

when most enslaved by gross realities.

airey-force valley

—not a breath of air

ruffles the bosom of this leafy glen.

from the brook’s margin, wide around, the trees

are stedfast as the rocks; the brook itself,

old as the hills that feed it from afar,

5

doth rather deepen than disturb the calm

where all things else are still and motionless.

and yet, even now, a little breeze, perchance

escaped from boisterous winds that rage without,

has entered, by the sturdy oaks unfelt;

10

716 the poems of william wordsworth

but to its gentle touch how sensitive

is the light ash! that, pendent from the brow

of yon dim cave, in seeming silence makes

a soft eye-music of slow-waving boughs,

powerful almost as vocal harmony

15

to stay the wanderer’s steps and soothe his thoughts.

to the moon

(composed by the sea-side,—on the coast of cumberland)

wanderer! that stoop’st so low, and com’st so near

to human life’s unsettled atmosphere;

who lov’st with night and silence to partake,

so might it seem, the cares of them that wake;

and, through the cottage-lattice softly peeping,

5

dost shield from harm the humblest of the sleeping;

what pleasure once encompassed those sweet names

which yet in thy behalf the poet claims,

an idolizing dreamer as of yore!—

i slight them all; and, on this sea-beat shore

10

sole-sitting, only can to thoughts attend

that bid me hail thee as the sailor’s friend;

so call thee for heaven’s grace through thee made known

by confidence supplied and mercy shown,

when not a twinkling star or beacon’s light

15

abates the perils of a stormy night;

and for less obvious benefits, that find

their way, with thy pure help, to heart and mind;

both for the adventurer starting in life’s prime;

and veteran ranging round from clime to clime,

20

long-baffled hope’s slow fever in his veins,

and wounds and weakness oft his labour’s sole remains.

the aspiring mountains and the winding streams

empress of night! are gladdened by thy beams;

a look of thine the wilderness pervades,

25

and penetrates the forest’s inmost shades;

thou, chequering peaceably the minster’s gloom,

guid’st the pale mourner to the lost one’s tomb;

canst reach the prisoner—to his grated cell

last poems (1820–1850) 717

welcome, though silent and intangible!—

30

and lives there one, of all that come and go

on the great waters toiling to and fro,

one, who has watched thee at some quiet hour

enthroned aloft in undisputed power,

or crossed by vapoury streaks and clouds that move

35

catching the lustre they in part reprove—

nor sometimes felt a fitness in thy sway

to call up thoughts that shun the glare of day,

and make the serious happier than the gay?

yes, lovely moon! if thou so mildly bright

40

dost rouse, yet surely in thy own despite,

to fiercer mood the phrenzy-stricken brain,

let me a compensating faith maintain;

that there’s a sensitive, a tender, part

which thou canst touch in every human heart,

45

for healing and composure.—but, as least

and mightiest billows ever have confessed

thy domination; as the whole vast sea

feels through her lowest depths thy sovereignty;

so shines that countenance with especial grace

50

on them who urge the keel her plains to trace

furrowing its way right onward. the most rude,

cut off from home and country, may have stood—

even till long gazing hath bedimmed his eye,

or the mute rapture ended in a sigh—

55

touched by accordance of thy placid cheer,

with some internal lights to memory dear,

or fancies stealing forth to soothe the breast

tired with its daily share of earth’s unrest,—

gentle awakenings, visitations meek;

60

a kindly influence whereof few will speak,

though it can wet with tears the hardiest cheek.

and when thy beauty in the shadowy cave

is hidden, buried in its monthly grave;

then, while the sailor, mid an open sea

65

swept by a favouring wind that leaves thought free,

paces the deck—no star perhaps in sight,

718 the poems of william wordsworth

and nothing save the moving ship’s own light

to cheer the long dark hours of vacant night—

oft with his musings does thy image blend,

70

in his mind’s eye thy crescent horns ascend,

and thou art still, o moon, that sailor’s friend!

to the moon

(rydal)

queen of the stars!—so gentle, so benign,

that ancient fable did to thee assign,

when darkness creeping o’er thy silver brow

warned thee these upper regions to forego,

alternate empire in the shades below—

5

a bard, who, lately near the wide-spread sea

traversed by gleaming ships, looked up to thee

with grateful thoughts, doth now thy rising hail

from the close confines of a shadowy vale.

glory of night, conspicuous yet serene,

10

nor less attractive when by glimpses seen

through cloudy umbrage, well might that fair face,

and all those attributes of modest grace,

in days when fancy wrought unchecked by fear,

down to the green earth fetch thee from thy sphere,

15

to sit in leafy woods by fountains clear!

o still belov’d (for thine, meek power, are charms

that fascinate the very babe in arms,

while he, uplifted towards thee, laughs outright,

spreading his little palms in his glad mother’s sight)

20

o still belov’d, once worshipped! time, that frowns

in his destructive flight on earthly crowns,

spares thy mild splendour; still those far-shot beams

tremble on dancing waves and rippling streams

with stainless touch, as chaste as when thy praise

25

was sung by virgin-choirs in festal lays;

and through dark trials still dost thou explore

thy way for increase punctual as of yore,

when teeming matrons—yielding to rude faith

in mysteries of birth and life and death

30

last poems (1820–1850) 719

and painful struggle and deliverance—prayed

of thee to visit them with lenient aid.

what though the rites be swept away, the fanes

extinct that echoed to the votive strains;

yet thy mild aspect does not, cannot cease,

35

love to promote and purity and peace;

and fancy, unreproved, even yet may trace

faint types of suffering in thy beamless face.

then, silent monitress! let us—not blind

to worlds unthought of till the searching mind

40

of science laid them open to mankind—

told, also, how the voiceless heavens declare

god’s glory; and acknowledging thy share

in that blest charge; let us—without offence

to aught of highest, holiest, influence—

45

receive whatever good ’tis given thee to dispense.

may sage and simple, catching with one eye

the moral intimations of the sky,

learn from thy course, where’er their own be taken,

‘to look on tempests, and be never shaken;’

50

to keep with faithful step the appointed way

eclipsing or eclipsed, by night or day,

and from example of thy monthly range

gently to brook decline and fatal change;

meek, patient, stedfast, and with loftier scope,

55

than thy revival yields, for gladsome hope!

“to a good man of most dear memory”

to a good man of most dear memory

this stone is sacred. here he lies apart

from the great city where he first drew breath,

was reared and taught; and humbly earned his bread,

to the strict labours of the merchant’s desk

5

by duty chained. not seldom did those tasks

tease, and the thought of time so spent depress,

his spirit, but the recompence was high;

firm independence, bounty’s rightful sire;

  charles lamb died december 27, 834.

720 the poems of william wordsworth

affections, warm as sunshine, free as air;

10

and when the precious hours of leisure came,

knowledge and wisdom, gained from converse sweet

with books, or while he ranged the crowded streets

with a keen eye, and overflowing heart:

so genius triumphed over seeming wrong,

15

and poured out truth in works by thoughtful love

inspired—works potent over smiles and tears.

and as round mountain-tops the lightning plays,

thus innocently sported, breaking forth

as from a cloud of some grave sympathy,

20

humour and wild instinctive wit, and all

the vivid flashes of his spoken words.

from the most gentle creature nursed in fields

had been derived the name he bore—a name,

wherever christian altars have been raised,

25

hallowed to meekness and to innocence;

and if in him meekness at times gave way,

provoked out of herself by troubles strange,

many and strange, that hung about his life;

still, at the centre of his being, lodged

30

a soul by resignation sanctified:

and if too often, self-reproached, he felt

that innocence belongs not to our kind,

a power that never ceased to abide in him,

charity, ’mid the multitude of sins

35

that she can cover, left not his exposed

to an unforgiving judgment from just heaven.

o, he was good, if e’er a good man lived!



* * * * *

from a reflecting mind and sorrowing heart

those simple lines flowed with an earnest wish,

40

though but a doubting hope, that they might serve

fitly to guard the precious dust of him

whose virtues called them forth. that aim is missed;

for much that truth most urgently required

had from a faltering pen been asked in vain:

45

yet, haply, on the printed page received,

the imperfect record, there, may stand unblamed

last poems (1820–1850) 721

as long as verse of mine shall breathe the air

of memory, or see the light of love.

thou wert a scorner of the fields, my friend!

50

but more in show than truth; and from the fields,

and from the mountains, to thy rural grave

transported, my soothed spirit hovers o’er

its green untrodden turf, and blowing flowers;

and taking up a voice shall speak (tho’ still

55

awed by the theme’s peculiar sanctity

which words less free presumed not even to touch)

of that fraternal love, whose heaven-lit lamp

from infancy, through manhood, to the last

of threescore years, and to thy latest hour,

60

burnt on with ever-strengthening light, enshrined

within thy bosom.

‘wonderful’ hath been

the love established between man and man,

‘passing the love of women;’ and between

man and his help-mate in fast wedlock joined

65

through god, is raised a spirit and soul of love

without whose blissful influence paradise

had been no paradise; and earth were now

a waste where creatures bearing human form,

direst of savage beasts, would roam in fear,

70

joyless and comfortless. our days glide on;

and let him grieve who cannot choose but grieve

that he hath been an elm without his vine,

and her bright dower of clustering charities,

that, round his trunk and branches, might have clung

75

enriching and adorning. unto thee

not so enriched, not so adorned, to thee

was given (say rather thou of later birth

wert given to her) a sister—’tis a word

timidly uttered, for she lives, the meek,

80

the self-restraining, and the ever-kind;

in whom thy reason and intelligent heart

found—for all interests, hopes, and tender cares,

all softening, humanising, hallowing powers,

whether withheld, or for her sake unsought—

85

722 the poems of william wordsworth

more than sufficient recompence!

her love

(what weakness prompts the voice to tell it here?)

was as the love of mothers; and when years,

lifting the boy to man’s estate, had called

the long-protected to assume the part

90

of a protector, the first filial tie

was undissolved; and, in or out of sight,

remained imperishably interwoven

with life itself. thus, ’mid a shifting world,

did they together testify of time

95

and season’s difference—a double tree

with two collateral stems sprung from one root;

such were they—such thro’ life they might have been

in union, in partition only such;

otherwise wrought the will of the most high;

100

yet, thro’ all visitations and all trials,

still they were faithful; like two vessels launched

from the same beach one ocean to explore

with mutual help, and sailing—to their league

true, as inexorable winds, or bars

105

floating or fixed of polar ice, allow.

but turn we rather, let my spirit turn

with thine, o silent and invisible friend!

to those dear intervals, nor rare nor brief,

when reunited, and by choice withdrawn

110

from miscellaneous converse, ye were taught

that the remembrance of foregone distress,

and the worse fear of future ill (which oft

doth hang around it, as a sickly child

upon its mother) may be both alike

115

disarmed of power to unsettle present good

so prized, and things inward and outward held

in such an even balance, that the heart

acknowledges god’s grace, his mercy feels,

and in its depth of gratitude is still.

120

o gift divine of quiet sequestration!

the hermit, exercised in prayer and praise,

last poems (1820–1850) 723

and feeding daily on the hope of heaven,

is happy in his vow, and fondly cleaves

to life-long singleness; but happier far

125

was to your souls, and, to the thoughts of others,

a thousand times more beautiful appeared,

your dual loneliness. the sacred tie

is broken; yet why grieve? for time but holds

his moiety in trust, till joy shall lead

130

to the blest world where parting is unknown.

extempore effusion upon the death of james hogg

when first, descending from the moorlands,

i saw the stream of yarrow glide

along a bare and open valley,

the ettrick shepherd was my guide.

when last along its banks i wandered,

5

through groves that had begun to shed

their golden leaves upon the pathways,

my steps the border minstrel led.

the mighty minstrel breathes no longer,

mid mouldering ruins low he lies;

10

and death upon the braes of yarrow,

has closed the shepherd-poet’s eyes:

nor has the rolling year twice measured,

from sign to sign, its stedfast course,

since every mortal power of coleridge

15

was frozen at its marvellous source;

the ’rapt one, of the godlike forehead,

the heaven-eyed creature sleeps in earth:

and lamb, the frolic and the gentle,

has vanished from his lonely hearth.

20

like clouds that rake the mountain-summits,

or waves that own no curbing hand,

how fast has brother followed brother,

from sunshine to the sunless land!

724 the poems of william wordsworth

yet i, whose lids from infant slumbers

25

were earlier raised, remain to hear

a timid voice, that asks in whispers,

“who next will drop and disappear?”

our haughty life is crowned with darkness,

like london with its own black wreath,

30

on which with thee, o crabbe! forth-looking,

i gazed from hampstead’s breezy heath.

as if but yesterday departed,

thou too art gone before; but why,

o’er ripe fruit, seasonably gathered,

35

should frail survivors heave a sigh?

mourn rather for that holy spirit,

sweet as the spring, as ocean deep;

for her who, ere her summer faded,

has sunk into a breathless sleep.

40

no more of old romantic sorrows,

for slaughtered youth or love-lorn maid!

with sharper grief is yarrow smitten,

and ettrick mourns with her their poet dead.

at the grave of burns

1803

i shiver, spirit fierce and bold,

at thought of what i now behold:

as vapours breathed from dungeons cold

strike pleasure dead,

so sadness comes from out the mould

5

where burns is laid.

and have i then thy bones so near,

and thou forbidden to appear?

as if it were thyself that’s here,

i shrink with pain;

10

1 in a note ww identified the five poets elegized in this poem: “walter scott died 21st sept.

832. s. t. coleridge 25th july, 834. charles lamb 27th dec. 834. geo. crabbe 3rd

feb. 832. felicia hemans 6th may, 835.”

last poems (1820–1850) 725

and both my wishes and my fear

alike are vain.

off weight—nor press on weight!—away

dark thoughts!—they came, but not to stay;

with chastened feelings would i pay

15

the tribute due

to him, and aught that hides his clay

from mortal view.

fresh as the flower, whose modest worth

he sang, his genius “glinted” forth,

20

rose like a star that touching earth,

for so it seems,

doth glorify its humble birth

with matchless beams.

the piercing eye, the thoughtful brow,

25

the struggling heart, where be they now?—

full soon the aspirant of the plough,

the prompt, the brave,

slept, with the obscurest, in the low

and silent grave.

30

well might i mourn that he was gone

whose light i hailed when first it shone,

when, breaking forth as nature’s own,

it showed my youth

how verse may build a princely throne

35

on humble truth.

alas! where’er the current tends,

regret pursues and with it blends,—

huge criffel’s hoary top ascends

by skiddaw seen,—

40

neighbours we were, and loving friends

we might have been;

true friends though diversely inclined;

but heart with heart and mind with mind,

where the main fibres are entwined,

45

through nature’s skill,

726 the poems of william wordsworth

may even by contraries be joined

more closely still.

the tear will start, and let it flow;

thou “poor inhabitant below,”

50

at this dread moment—even so—

might we together

have sate and talked where gowans blow,

or on wild heather.

what treasures would have then been placed

55

within my reach; of knowledge graced

by fancy what a rich repast!

but why go on?—

oh! spare to sweep, thou mournful blast,

his grave grass-grown.

60

there, too, a son, his joy and pride,

(not three weeks past the stripling died,)

lies gathered to his father’s side,

soul-moving sight!

yet one to which is not denied

65

some sad delight.

for he is safe, a quiet bed

hath early found among the dead,

harboured where none can be misled,

wronged, or distrest;

70

and surely here it may be said

that such are blest.

and oh for thee, by pitying grace

checked oft-times in a devious race,

may he who halloweth the place

75

where man is laid

receive thy spirit in the embrace

for which it prayed!

sighing i turned away; but ere

night fell i heard, or seemed to hear,

80

music that sorrow comes not near,

a ritual hymn,

last poems (1820–1850) 727

chaunted in love that casts out fear

by seraphim.

thoughts

suggested the day following on the banks of nith,

near the poet’s residence

too frail to keep the lofty vow

that must have followed when his brow

was wreathed—”the vision” tells us how—

with holly spray,

he faultered, drifted to and fro,

5

and passed away.

well might such thoughts, dear sister, throng

our minds when, lingering all too long,

over the grave of burns we hung

in social grief—

10

indulged as if it were a wrong

to seek relief.

but, leaving each unquiet theme

where gentlest judgments may misdeem,

and prompt to welcome every gleam

15

of good and fair,

let us beside this limpid stream

breathe hopeful air.

enough of sorrow, wreck, and blight;

think rather of those moments bright

20

when to the consciousness of right

his course was true,

when wisdom prospered in his sight

and virtue grew.

yes, freely let our hearts expand,

25

freely as in youth’s season bland,

when side by side, his book in hand,

we wont to stray,

our pleasure varying at command

of each sweet lay.

30

728 the poems of william wordsworth

how oft inspired must he have trod

these pathways, yon far-stretching road!

there lurks his home; in that abode,

with mirth elate,

or in his nobly-pensive mood,

35

the rustic sate.

proud thoughts that image overawes,

before it humbly let us pause,

and ask of nature, from what cause

and by what rules

40

she trained her burns to win applause

that shames the schools.

through busiest street and loneliest glen

are felt the flashes of his pen;

he rules mid winter snows, and when

45

bees fill their hives;

deep in the general heart of men

his power survives.

what need of fields in some far clime

where heroes, sages, bards sublime,

50

and all that fetched the flowing rhyme

from genuine springs,

shall dwell together till old time

folds up his wings?

sweet mercy! to the gates of heaven

55

this minstrel lead, his sins forgiven;

the rueful conflict, the heart riven

with vain endeavour,

and memory of earth’s bitter leaven,

effaced for ever.

60

but why to him confine the prayer,

when kindred thoughts and yearnings bear

on the frail heart the purest share

with all that live?—

the best of what we do and are,

65

just god, forgive!

last poems (1820–1850) 729

a night thought.

lo! where the moon along the sky

sails with her happy destiny;

oft is she hid from mortal eye

or dimly seen,

but when the clouds asunder fly

5

how bright her mien!

far different we—a froward race,

thousands though rich in fortune’s grace

with cherished sullenness of pace

their way pursue,

10

ingrates who wear a smileless face

the whole year through.

if kindred humours e’er would make

my spirit droop for drooping’s sake,

from fancy following in thy wake,

15

bright ship of heaven!

a counter impulse let me take

and be forgiven.

on an event in col: evans’s redoubted performances in spain

the ball whizzed by—it grazed his ear,

and whispered as it flew,

i only touch—not take—don’t fear

for both, my honest buccaneer!

are to the pillory due.

november, 1836

even so for me a vision sanctified

the sway of death; long ere mine eyes had seen

thy countenance—the still rapture of thy mien—

when thou, dear sister! wert become death’s bride:

no trace of pain or languor could abide

5

that change:—age on thy brow was smoothed—thy cold

wan cheek at once was privileged to unfold

a loveliness to living youth denied.

oh! if within me hope should e’er decline,

730 the poems of william wordsworth

the lamp of faith, lost friend! too faintly burn;

10

then may that heaven-revealing smile of thine,

the bright assurance, visibly return:

and let my spirit in that power divine

rejoice, as, through that power, it ceased to mourn.

the widow on windermere side

i

how beautiful, when up a lofty height

honour ascends among the humblest poor,

and feeling sinks as deep! see there the door

of one, a widow, left beneath a weight

of blameless debt. on evil fortune’s spite

5

she wasted no complaint, but strove to make

a just repayment, both for conscience-sake

and that herself and hers should stand upright

in the world’s eye. her work when daylight failed

paused not, and through the depth of night she kept

10

such earnest vigils, that belief prevailed

with some, the noble creature never slept;

but, one by one, the hand of death assailed

her children from her inmost heart bewept.

ii

the mother mourned, nor ceased her tears to flow,

15

till a winter’s noon-day placed her buried son

before her eyes, last child of many gone—

his raiment of angelic white, and lo!

his very feet bright as the dazzling snow

which they are touching; yea far brighter, even

20

as that which comes, or seems to come, from heaven,

surpasses aught these elements can show.

much she rejoiced, trusting that from that hour

whate’er befel she could not grieve or pine;

but the transfigured, in and out of season,

25

appeared, and spiritual presence gained a power

over material forms that mastered reason.

oh, gracious heaven, in pity make her thine!

last poems (1820–1850) 731

iii

but why that prayer? as if to her could come

no good but by the way that leads to bliss

30

through death,—so judging we should judge amiss.

since reason failed want is her threatened doom,

yet frequent transports mitigate the gloom:

nor of those maniacs is she one that kiss

the air or laugh upon a precipice;

35

no, passing through strange sufferings toward the tomb,

she smiles as if a martyr’s crown were won:

oft, when light breaks through clouds or waving trees,

with outspread arms and fallen upon her knees

the mother hails in her descending son

40

an angel, and in earthly ecstacies

her own angelic glory seems begun.

to the planet venus,

upon its approximation (as an evening star) to the earth,

january 1838

what strong allurement draws, what spirit guides

thee, vesper! brightening still, as if the nearer

thou com’st to man’s abode the spot grew dearer

night after night? true is it, nature hides

her treasures less and less—man now presides,

5

in power, where once he trembled in his weakness;

knowledge advances with gigantic strides;

but are we aught enriched in love and meekness?

aught dost thou see, bright star! of pure and wise

more than in humbler times graced human story;

10

that makes our hearts more apt to sympathise

with heaven, our souls more fit for future glory,

when earth shall vanish from our closing eyes,

ere we lie down in our last dormitory?

“wouldst thou be gathered to christ’s chosen flock”

wouldst thou be gathered to christ’s chosen flock

shun the broad way too easily explored

and let thy path be hewn out of the rock

732 the poems of william wordsworth

the living rock of god’s eternal word.

1838

“oh what a wreck! how changed in mien and speech!”

oh what a wreck! how changed in mien and speech!

yet—though dread powers, that work in mystery, spin

entanglings of the brain; though shadows stretch

o’er the chilled heart—reflect; far, far within

hers is a holy being, freed from sin.

5

she is not what she seems, a forlorn wretch,

but delegated spirits comfort fetch

to her from heights that reason may not win.

like children, she is privileged to hold

divine communion; both do live and move,

10

whate’er to shallow faith their ways unfold,

inly illumined by heaven’s pitying love;

love pitying innocence not long to last,

in them—in her our sins and sorrows past.

valedictory sonnet

serving no haughty muse, my hands have here

disposed some cultured flowerets (drawn from spots

where they bloomed singly, or in scattered knots)

each kind in several beds of one parterre;

both to allure the casual loiterer,

5

and that, so placed, my nurslings may requite

studious regard with opportune delight,

nor be unthanked, unless i fondly err.

but, metaphor dismissed, and thanks apart,

reader, farewell! my last words let them be,—

10

if in this book fancy and truth agree;

if simple nature trained by careful art

through it have won a passage to thy heart;

grant me thy love, i crave no other fee!

  ww pays tribute to edith southey, robert southey’s wife.

2  ww  ended  a  section  of  sonnets  in  poems of early and late years  (842)  with  this sonnet.

last poems (1820–1850) 733

“said red-ribbon’d evans”

said red-ribbon’d evans

‘my legions in spain

were at sixes and sevens;

now they’re famished or slain:

but no fault of mine,

5

for like brave philip sidney

in campaigning i shine,

a true knight of his kidney.

sound flogging and fighting;

no chief, on my troth,

10

eer took such delight in

as i in them both.

fontarabbia can tell

how my eyes watched the foe,

hernani knows well

15

that our feet were not slow

our hospitals, too,

are matchless in story,

where her thousands fate slew

all panting for glory.”

20

alas for this hero

his fame touched the skies,

then fell below zero;

never never to rise!

for him to westminster

25

did prudence convey,

there safe as a spinster

the patriot to play.

but why be so glad on

his feats, or his fall?

30

he’s got his red ribbon

and laughs at us all.—

“hark! ’tis the thrush, undaunted, undeprest”

hark! ’tis the thrush, undaunted, undeprest,

by twilight premature of cloud and rain;

nor does that roaring wind deaden his strain

who carols thinking of his love and nest,

734 the poems of william wordsworth

and seems, as more incited, still more blest.

5

thanks, thou hast snapped a fire-side prisoner’s chain,

exulting warbler! eased a fretted brain,

and in a moment charmed my cares to rest.

yes, i will forth, bold bird! and front the blast,

that we may sing together, if thou wilt,

10

so loud, so clear, my partner through life’s day,

mute in her nest love-chosen, if not love-built

like thine, shall gladden, as in seasons past,

thrilled by loose snatches of the social lay.

rydal mount, 1838.

“’tis he whose yester-evening’s high disdain”

’tis he whose yester-evening’s high disdain

beat back the roaring storm—but how subdued

his day-break note, a sad vicissitude!

does the hour’s drowsy weight his glee restrain?

or, like the nightingale, her joyous vein

5

pleased to renounce, does this dear thrush attune

his voice to suit the temper of yon moon

doubly depressed, setting, and in her wane?

rise, tardy sun! and let the songster prove

(the balance trembling between night and morn

10

no longer) with what ecstasy upborne

he can pour forth his spirit. in heaven above,

and earth below, they best can serve true gladness

who meet most feelingly the calls of sadness.

a plea for authors. may, 1838

failing impartial measure to dispense

to every suitor, equity is lame;

and social justice, stript of reverence

for natural rights, a mockery and a shame;

law but a servile dupe of false pretence,

5

if, guarding grossest things from common claim

now and for ever, she, to works that came

from mind and spirit, grudge a short-lived fence.

“what! lengthened privilege, a lineal tie

for books! ” yes, heartless ones, or be it proved

10

last poems (1820–1850) 735

that ’tis a fault in us to have lived and loved

like others, with like temporal hopes to die;

no public harm that genius from her course

be turned; and streams of truth dried up, even at their source!

protest against the ballot

1838

forth rushed, from envy sprung and self-conceit,

a power misnamed the spirit of reform,

and through the astonished island swept in storm,

threatening to lay all orders at her feet

that crossed her way. now stoops she to entreat

5

license to hide at intervals her head,

where she may work, safe, undisquieted,

in a close box, covert for justice meet.

st. george of england! keep a watchful eye

fixed on the suitor; frustrate her request—

10

stifle her hope; for, if the state comply,

from such pandorian gift may come a pest

worse than the dragon that bowed low his crest,

pierced by the spear in glorious victory.

composed on the same morning

life with yon lambs, like day, is just begun,

yet nature seems to them a heavenly guide.

does joy approach? they meet the coming tide;

and sullenness avoid, as now they shun

pale twilight’s lingering glooms,—and in thesun

5

couch near their dams, with quiet satisfied;

or gambol—each with his shadow at his side

varying its shape wherever he may run.

as they from turf yet hoar with sleepy dew

all turn, and court the shining and the green,

10

where herbs look up, and opening flowers are seen;

why to god’s goodness cannot we be true,

and so, his gifts and promises between,

feed to the last on pleasures ever new?

  ww originally paired this sonnet with  composed on a may-morning. 1838 (“if with old love of you, dear hills! i share”), in  memorials of a tour in italy, above.

736 the poems of william wordsworth

a poet to his grandchild

(sequel to the foregoing)

“son of my buried son, while thus thy hand

“is clasping mine, it saddens me to think

“how want may press thee down, and with thee sink

“thy children left unfit, through vain demand

“of culture, even to feel or understand

5

“my simplest lay that to their memory

“may cling;—hard fate! which haply need not be

“did justice mould the statutes of the land.

“a book time-cherished and an honoured name

“are high rewards; but bound they nature’s claim

10

“or reasons? no—hopes spun in timid line

“from out the bosom of a modest home

“extend through unambitious years to come,

“my careless little-one, for thee and thine!”





may 23rd.

“come gentle sleep, death’s image tho’ thou art”

come gentle sleep, death’s image tho’ thou art

come share my couch nor speedily depart

how sweet thus living without life to lie

thus without death how sweet it is to die.

[two translations from michael angelo]

i. “grateful is sleep; more grateful still to be”

grateful is sleep; more grateful still to be

of marble; for while shameless wrong and woe

prevail ’tis best to neither hear nor see:

then, wake me not, i pray you. hush, speak low.

  sequel to  a plea for authors. may, 838.

2  from the latin of thomas warton.

last poems (1820–1850) 737

ii. michael angelo in reply to the passage upon his statue

of night sleeping

night speaks.

grateful is sleep, my life in stone bound fast

more grateful still: while wrong and shame shall last

on me can time no happier state bestow

than to be left unconscious of the woe

ah then lest you awaken me, speak low.

5

with a small present

a prized memorial this slight work may prove

as bought in charity and given in love.

“a sad and lovely face, with upturn’d eyes”

a sad and lovely face, with upturn’d eyes,

tearless, yet full of grief.—how heavenly fair

how saintlike is the look those features wear!

such sorrow is more lovely in its guise

than joy itself—for underneath it lies

5

a calmness that betokens strength to bear

earth’s petty grievances—its toil and care:—

a spirit that can look through clouded skies,

and see the blue beyond.—type of that grace

that lit her holy features, from whose womb

10

issued the blest redeemer of our race—

how little dost thou speak of earthly gloom!

as little as the unblemish’d queen of night,

when envious clouds shut out her silver light.

“lo! where she stands fixed in a saint-like trance”

lo! where she stands fixed in a saint-like trance,

one upward hand, as if she needed rest

from rapture, lying softly on her breast!

nor wants her eyeball an ethereal glance;

but not the less—nay more—that countenance,

5

while thus illumined, tells of painful strife

for a sick heart made weary of this life

by love, long crossed with adverse circumstance.

738 the poems of william wordsworth

—would she were now as when she hoped to pass

at god’s appointed hour to them who tread

10

heaven’s sapphire pavement, yet breathed well content,

well pleased, her foot should print earth’s common grass,

lived thankful for day’s light, for daily bread,

for health, and time in obvious duty spent.

to a painter

all praise the likeness by thy skill portrayed;

but ’tis a fruitless task to paint for me,

who, yielding not to changes time has made,

by the habitual light of memory see

eyes unbedimmed, see bloom that cannot fade,

5

and smiles that from their birth-place ne’er shall flee

into the land where ghosts and phantoms be;

and, seeing this, own nothing in its stead.

couldst thou go back into far-distant years,

or share with me, fond thought! that inward eye,

10

then, and then only, painter! could thy art

the visual powers of nature satisfy,

which hold, whate’er to common sight appears,

their sovereign empire in a faithful heart.

on the same subject

though i beheld at first with blank surprise

this work, i now have gazed on it so long

i see its truth with unreluctant eyes;

o, my beloved! i have done thee wrong,

conscious of blessedness, but, whence it sprung,

5

ever too heedless, as i now perceive:

morn into noon did pass, noon into eve,

and the old day was welcome as the young,

as welcome, and as beautiful—in sooth

more beautiful, as being a thing more holy:

10

thanks to thy virtues, to the eternal youth

of all thy goodness, never melancholy;

to thy large heart and humble mind, that cast

  ww wrote this and the following sonnet on seeing the portrait of mary wordsworth painted

by the miniature portrait painter, margaret gillies (803–887).

last poems (1820–1850) 739

into one vision, future, present, past.

[four poems on a portrait]

“more may not be by human art exprest”

more may not be by human art exprest

but love, far mightier power, can add the rest,

add to the picture which those lines present

all that is wanting for my heart’s content:

the braided hair a majesty displays

5

of brow that thinks and muses while i gaze,

and o what meekness in those lips that share

a seeming intercourse with vital air,

such faint sweet sign of life as nature shows

a sleeping infant or the breathing rose;

10

and in that eye where others gladly see

earth’s purest light heaven opens upon me.

“art, nature, love here claim united praise”

art, nature, love here claim united praise.

the forehead thinks—it muses while i gaze,

and the light breaking from the eyes to me

for hearts content is all it seems to be,

o that the lips though motionless might share

5

some vital intercourse with silent air

such faint sweet sign of life as nature shows

the sleeping infant or the breathing rose.—

upon the sight of the portrait of a female friend—

upon those lips, those placid lips, i look,

nor grieve that they are still and mute as death,

i gaze—i read as in an angel’s book,

and ask not speech from them, but long for breath.

wm wordsworth—

ambleside,

10th july,

1840

  the following poems on painting arose out of several portraits done by margaret gillies

during her visit to rydal mount in the fall and winter of 839.

740 the poems of william wordsworth

upon a portrait

we gaze, not sad to think that we must die

and part; but that the love this friend hath sown

within our hearts, the love whose flower hath blown

bright as if heaven were ever in its eye

shall pass so soon from human memory

5

and not by strangers to our blood alone

but by our best descendants be unknown

unthought-of this may surely claim a sigh.

but blessed art! we yield not to dejection

thou against time so feelingly dost strive

10

where’er preserved in this most true reflection

the image of her soul is kept alive

some lingering fragrance of the pure affection,

whose flower with us will vanish, must survive.

“the star that comes at close of day to shine”

the star that comes at close of day to shine

more heavenly bright than when it leads the morn

is friendship’s emblem whether the forlorn

she visiteth; or shedding light benign

thro’ shades that solemnize life’s calm decline

5

doth make the happy happier. this have we

learnt, isabel! from thy society

which now we too unwillingly resign

tho’ for brief absence. but farewell! the page

glimmers before my sight, thro’ thankful tears,

10

such as start forth, not seldom to approve

our truth, when we, old yet unchilled by age

call thee, tho’ known but for a few fleet years

the heart-affianced sister of our love.

poor robin

now when the primrose makes a splendid show,

and lilies face the march-winds in full blow,

and humbler growths as moved with one desire

put on, to welcome spring, their best attire,

  “the small wild geranium, known by that name.” ww

last poems (1820–1850) 741

poor robin is yet flowerless, but how gay

5

with his red stalks upon this sunny day!

and, as his tuft of leaves he spreads, content

with a hard bed and scanty nourishment,

mixed with the green some shine, not lacking power

to rival summer’s brightest scarlet flower;

10

and flowers they well might seem to passers-by

if looked at only with a careless eye;

flowers—or a richer produce (did it suit

the season) sprinklings of ripe strawberry fruit.

but, while a thousand pleasures come unsought,

15

why fix upon his want or wealth a thought?

is the string touched in prelude to a lay

of pretty fancies that would round him play

when all the world acknowledged elfin sway?

or does it suit our humour to commend

20

poor robin as a sure and crafty friend,

whose practice teaches, spite of names to show

bright colours whether they deceive or no?—

nay, we would simply praise the free good-will

with which, though slighted, he, on naked hill

25

or in warm valley, seeks his part to fill;

cheerful alike if bare of flowers as now,

or when his tiny gems shall deck his brow:

yet more, we wish that men by men despised,

and such as lift their foreheads overprized,

30

should sometimes think, where’er they chance to spy

this child of nature’s own humility,

what recompense is kept in store or left

for all that seem neglected or bereft;

with what nice care equivalents are given,

35

how just, how bountiful, the hand of heaven.

march, 1840.

the cuckoo-clock

wouldst thou be taught, when sleep has taken flight,

by a sure voice that can most sweetly tell,

how far-off yet a glimpse of morning light,

and if to lure the truant back be well,

742 the poems of william wordsworth

forbear to covet a repeater’s stroke,

5

that, answering to thy touch, will sound the hour;

better provide thee with a cuckoo-clock,

for service hung behind thy chamber door;

and in due time the soft spontaneous shock,

the double note, as if with living power,

10

will to composure lead—or make thee blithe as bird in bower.

list, cuckoo—cuckoo!—oft though tempests howl,

or nipping frost remind thee trees are bare,

how cattle pine, and droop the shivering fowl,

thy spirits will seem to feed on balmy air;

15

i speak with knowledge,—by that voice beguiled,

thou wilt salute old memories as they throng

into thy heart; and fancies, running wild

through fresh green fields, and budding groves among,

will make thee happy, happy as a child;

20

of sunshine wilt thou think, and flowers, and song,

and breathe as in a world where nothing can go wrong.

and know—that, even for him who shuns the day

and nightly tosses on a bed of pain;

whose joys, from all but memory swept away,

25

must come unhoped for, if they come again;

know—that, for him whose waking thoughts, severe

as his distress is sharp, would scorn my theme,

the mimic notes, striking upon his ear

in sleep, and intermingling with his dream,

30

could from sad regions send him to a dear

delightful land of verdure, shower and gleam,

to mock the wandering voice beside some haunted stream.

o bounty without measure! while the grace

of heaven doth in such wise, from humblest springs,

35

pour pleasure forth, and solaces that trace

a mazy course along familiar things,

well may our hearts have faith that blessings come,

streaming from founts above the starry sky,

with angels when their own untroubled home

40

they leave, and speed on nightly embassy

to visit earthly chambers,—and for whom?

last poems (1820–1850) 743

yea, both for souls who god’s forbearance try,

and those that seek his help, and for his mercy sigh.

the norman boy

high on a broad unfertile tract of forest-skirted down,

nor kept by nature for herself, nor made by man his own,

from home and company remote and every playful joy,

served, tending a few sheep and goats, a ragged norman boy.

him never saw i, nor the spot, but from an english dame,

5

stranger to me and yet my friend, a simple notice came,

with suit that i would speak in verse of that sequestered child

whom, one bleak winter’s day, she met upon the dreary wild.

his flock, along the woodland’s edge with relics sprinkled o’er

of last night’s snow, beneath a sky threatening the fall of more,

10

where tufts of herbage tempted each, were busy at their feed,

and the poor boy was busier still, with work of anxious heed.

there was he, where of branches rent and withered and decayed,

for covert from the keen north wind, his hands a hut had made.

a tiny tenement, forsooth, and frail, as needs must be

15

a thing of such materials framed, by a builder such as he.

the hut stood finished by his pains, nor seemingly lacked aught

that skill or means of his could add, but the architect had wrought

some limber twigs into a cross, well-shaped with fingers nice,

to be engrafted on the top of his small edifice.

20

that cross he now was fastening there, as the surest power and best

for supplying all deficiencies, all wants of the rude nest

in which, from burning heat, or tempest driving far and wide,

the innocent boy, else shelterless, his lonely head must hide.

that cross belike he also raised as a standard for the true

25

and faithful service of his heart in the worst that might ensue

of hardship and distressful fear, amid the houseless waste

where he, in his poor self so weak, by providence was placed.

— here, lady! might i cease; but nay, let us before we part

with this dear holy shepherd-boy breathe a prayer of earnest heart, 30

that unto him, where’er shall lie his life’s appointed way,

the cross, fixed in his soul, may prove an all-sufficing stay.

744 the poems of william wordsworth

sequel to the norman boy

just as those final words were penned, the sun broke out in power,

and gladdened all things; but, as chanced, within that very hour,

air blackened, thunder growled, fire flashed from clouds that hid the sky,

and, for the subject of my verse, i heaved a pensive sigh.

nor could my heart by second thoughts from heaviness be cleared,

5

for bodied forth before my eyes the cross-crowned hut appeared;

and, while around it storm as fierce seemed troubling earth and air,

i saw, within, the norman boy kneeling alone in prayer.

the child, as if the thunder’s voice spake with articulate call,

bowed meekly in submissive fear, before the lord of all;

10

his lips were moving; and his eyes, upraised to sue for grace,

with soft illumination cheered the dimness of that place.

how beautiful is holiness!—what wonder if the sight,

almost as vivid as a dream, produced a dream at night!

it came with sleep and showed the boy, no cherub, not transformed, 15

but the poor ragged thing whose ways my human heart had warmed.

me had the dream equipped with wings, so i took him in my arms,

and lifted from the grassy floor, stilling his faint alarms,

and bore him high through yielding air my debt of love to pay,

by giving him, for both our sakes, an hour of holiday.

20

i whispered, “yet a little while, dear child! thou art my own,

to show thee some delightful thing, in country or in town.

what shall it be? a mirthful throng, or that holy place and calm

st. denis, filled with royal tombs, or the church of notre dame?

“st. ouen’s golden shrine? or choose what else would please thee most 25

of any wonder normandy, or all proud france, can boast!”

“my mother,” said the boy, “was born near to a blessed tree,

the chapel oak of allonville; good angel, show it me!”

on wings, from broad and steadfast poise let loose by this reply,

for allonville, o’er down and dale, away then did we fly;

30

o’er town and tower we flew, and fields in may’s fresh verdure drest;

the wings they did not flag; the child, though grave, was not deprest.

but who shall show, to waking sense, the gleam of light that broke

forth from his eyes, when first the boy looked down on that huge oak,

for length of days so much revered, so famous where it stands

35

last poems (1820–1850) 745

for twofold hallowing—nature’s care, and work of human hands?

strong as an eagle with my charge i glided round and round

the wide-spread boughs, for view of door, window, and stair that wound

gracefully up the gnarled trunk; nor left we unsurveyed

the pointed steeple peering forth from the centre of the shade.

40

i lighted—opened with soft touch a grated iron door,

past softly, leading in the boy; and, while from roof to floor

from floor to roof all round his eyes the wondering creature cast,

pleasure on pleasure crowded in, each livelier than the last.

for, deftly framed with the trunk, a sanctuary showed,

45

by light of lamp and precious stones, that glimmered here, there glowed,

shrine, altar, image, offerings hung in sign of gratitude;

and swift as lightning went the time, ere speech i thus renewed:

“hither the afflicted come, as thou hast heard thy mother say,

and, kneeling, supplication make to our lady de la paix;

50

what mournful sighs have here been heard, and, when the voice was stopt

by sudden pangs, what bitter tears have on this pavement dropt!

“poor shepherd of the naked down, a favoured lot is thine,

far happier lot, dear boy, than brings full many to this shrine;

from body pains and pains of soul thou needest no release,

55

thy hours as they flow on are spent, if not in joy, in peace.

“then offer up thy heart to god in thankfulness and praise,

give to him prayers, and many thoughts, in thy most busy days;

and in his sight the fragile cross, on thy small hut, will be

holy as that which long hath crowned the chapel of this tree;

60

“holy as that far seen which crowns the sumptuous church in rome

where thousands meet to worship god under a mighty dome;

he sees the bending multitude, he hears the choral rites,

yet not the less, in children’s hymns and lonely prayer, delights.

“god for his service needeth not proud work of human skill;

65

they please him best who labour most to do in peace his will:

so let us strive to live, and to our spirits will be given

such wings as, when our saviour calls, shall bear us up to heaven.”

the boy no answer made by words, but, so earnest was his look,

sleep fled, and with it fled the dream—recorded in this book,

70

lest all that passed should melt away in silence from my mind,

746 the poems of william wordsworth

as visions still more bright have done, and left no trace behind.

and though the dream, to thee, poor boy! to thee from whom it flowed,

was nothing, nor e’er can be aught, ’twas bounteously bestowed,

if i may dare to cherish hope that gentle eyes will read

75

not loth, and listening little-ones, heart-touched, their fancies feed.

at furness abbey

here, where, of havoc tired and rash undoing,

man left this structure to become time’s prey

a soothing spirit follows in the way

that nature takes, her counter-work pursuing.

see how her ivy clasps the sacred ruin

5

fall to prevent or beautify decay;

and, on the mouldered walls, how bright, how gay,

the flowers in pearly dews their bloom renewing!

thanks to the place, blessings upon the hour;

even as i speak the rising sun’s first smile

10

gleams on the grass-crowned top of yon tall tower

whose cawing occupants with joy proclaim

prescriptive title to the shattered pile

where, cavendish, thine seems nothing but a name!

on a portrait of the duke of wellington, upon the field of waterloo, by

haydon

by art’s bold privilege warrior and war-horse stand

on ground yet strewn with their last battle’s wreck;

let the steed glory while his master’s hand

lies fixed for ages on his conscious neck;

but by the chieftain’s look, though at his side

5

hangs that day’s treasured sword, how firm a check

is given to triumph and all human pride!

yon trophied mound shrinks to a shadowy speck

in his calm presence! him the mighty deed

elates not, brought far nearer the grave’s rest,

10

as shows that time-worn face, for he such seed

has sown as yields, we trust, the fruit of fame

in heaven; hence no one blushes for thy name,

  benjamin robert haydon (786–846) specialized in large historical paintings in oil.

last poems (1820–1850) 747

conqueror, ’mid some sad thoughts, divinely blest!

“sigh no more ladies, sigh no more”

sigh no more ladies, sigh no more,

men were deceivers ever!

so says the old ballad but

fair ladies believe it never!

“the crescent-moon, the star of love”

the crescent-moon, the star of love,

glories of evening, as ye there are seen

with but a span of sky between—

speak one of you, my doubts remove,

which is the attendant page and which the queen?

“let more ambitious poets take the heart”

let more ambitious poets take the heart

by storm, my verse would rather win its way

with gentle violence into minds well-pleased

to give it welcome with a prompt return

of their own sweetness, as march-flowers that shrink

5

from the sharp wind do readily yield up

their choicest fragrance to a southern breeze

ruffling their bosoms with its genial breath.

epitaph in the chapel-yard of langdale, westmoreland

by playful smiles, (alas too oft

a sad heart’s sunshine) by a soft

and gentle nature, and a free

yet modest hand of charity,

through life was owen lloyd endeared

5

to young and old; and how revered

had been that pious spirit, a tide

of humble mourners testified,

when, after pains dispensed to prove

the measure of god’s chastening love,

10

here, brought from far, his corse found rest,—

fulfilment of his own request;—

urged less for this yew’s shade, though he

748 the poems of william wordsworth

planted with such fond hope the tree;

less for the love of stream and rock,

15

dear as they were, than that his flock,

when they no more their pastor’s voice

could hear to guide them in their choice

through good and evil, help might have,

admonished, from his silent grave,

20

of righteousness, of sins forgiven,

for peace on earth and bliss in heaven.

“though pulpits and the desk may fail”

though pulpits and the desk may fail

to reach the hearts of worldly men;

yet may the grace of god prevail

and touch them through the poet’s pen.

wm. wordsworth

bath, april 28th, 1841

the wishing-gate destroyed

’tis gone—with old belief and dream

that round it clung, and tempting scheme

released from fear and doubt;

and the bright landscape too must lie,

by this blank wall, from every eye,

5

relentlessly shut out.

bear witness ye who seldom passed

that opening—but a look ye cast

upon the lake below,

what spirit-stirring power it gained

10

from faith which here was entertained,

though reason might say no.

blest is that ground, where, o’er the springs

of history, glory claps her wings,

fame sheds the exulting tear;

15

yet earth is wide, and many a nook

  “see ‘the wishing-gate.’ having been told, upon what i thought good authority, that this

gate had been destroyed, and the opening where it hung walled up, i gave vent immedi-

ately to my feelings in these stanzas.  but going to the place some time after i found, with

much delight, my old favourite unmolested.” ww’s earlier poem is included above.

last poems (1820–1850) 749

unheard of is, like this, a book

for modest meanings dear.

it was in sooth a happy thought

that grafted, on so fair a spot,

20

so confident a token

of coming good;—the charm is fled;

indulgent centuries spun a thread,

which one harsh day has broken.

alas! for him who gave the word;

25

could he no sympathy afford,

derived from earth or heaven,

to hearts so oft by hope betrayed;

their very wishes wanted aid

which here was freely given?

30

where, for the love-lorn maiden’s wound,

will now so readily be found

a balm of expectation?

anxious for far-off children, where

shall mothers breathe a like sweet air

35

of home-felt consolation?

and not unfelt will prove the loss

’mid trivial care and petty cross

and each day’s shallow grief;

though the most easily beguiled

40

were oft among the first that smiled

at their own fond belief.

if still the reckless change we mourn,

a reconciling thought may turn

to harm that might lurk here,

45

ere judgment prompted from within

fit aims, with courage to begin,

and strength to persevere.

not fortune’s slave is man: our state

enjoins, while firm resolves await

50

on wishes just and wise,

that strenuous action follow both,

and life be one perpetual growth

750 the poems of william wordsworth

of heaven-ward enterprise.

so taught, so trained, we boldly face

55

all accidents of time and place;

whatever props may fail,

trust in that sovereign law can spread

new glory o’er the mountain’s head,

fresh beauty through the vale.

60

that truth informing mind and heart,

the simplest cottager may part,

ungrieved, with charm and spell;

and yet, lost wishing-gate, to thee

the voice of grateful memory

65

shall bid a kind farewell!

sonnet

though the bold wings of poesy affect

the clouds and wheel around the mountain tops

rejoicing, from her loftiest height she drops

well pleased to skim the plain with wild flowers deckt,

or muse in solemn grove whose shades protect

5

the lingering dew—there steals along, or stops

watching the least small bird that round her hops,

or creeping worm, with sensitive respect.

her functions are they therefore less divine,

her thoughts less deep, or void of grave intent

10

her simplest fancies? should that fear be thine,

aspiring votary, ere thy hand present

one offering, kneel before her modest shrine,

with brow in penitential sorrow bent!

suggested by a picture of the bird of paradise

the gentlest poet, with free thoughts endowed,

and a true master of the glowing strain,

might scan the narrow province with disdain

that to the painter’s skill is here allowed.

this, this the bird of paradise! disclaim

5

the daring thought, forget the name;

this the sun’s bird, whom glendoveers might own

last poems (1820–1850) 751

as no unworthy partner in their flight

through seas of ether, where the ruffling sway

of nether air’s rude billows is unknown;

10

whom sylphs, if e’er for casual pastime they

through india’s spicy regions wing their way,

might bow to as their lord. what character,

o sovereign nature! i appeal to thee,

of all thy feathered progeny

15

is so unearthly, and what shape so fair?

so richly decked in variegated down,

green, sable, shining yellow, shadowy brown,

tints softly with each other blended,

hues doubtfully begun and ended;

20

or intershooting, and to sight

lost and recovered, as the rays of light

glance on the conscious plumes touched here and there?

full surely, when with such proud gifts of life

began the pencil’s strife,

25

o’erweening art was caught as in a snare.

a sense of seemingly presumptuous wrong

gave the first impulse to the poet’s song;

but, of his scorn repenting soon, he drew

a juster judgment from a calmer view;

30

and, with a spirit freed from discontent,

thankfully took an effort that was meant

not with god’s bounty, nature’s love, to vie,

or made with hope to please that inward eye

which ever strives in vain itself to satisfy,

35

but to recal the truth by some faint trace

of power ethereal and celestial grace,

that in the living creature find on earth a place.

“lyre! though such power do in thy magic live”

lyre! though such power do in thy magic live

as might from india’s farthest plain

recal the not unwilling maid,

assist me to detain

the lovely fugitive:

5

check with thy notes the impulse which, betrayed

752 the poems of william wordsworth

by her sweet farewell looks, i longed to aid.

here let me gaze enrapt upon that eye,

the impregnable and awe-inspiring fort

of contemplation, the calm port

10

by reason fenced from winds that sigh

among the restless sails of vanity.

but if no wish be hers that we should part,

a humbler bliss would satisfy my heart.

where all things are so fair,

15

enough by her dear side to breathe the air

of this elysian weather;

and, on or in, or near, the brook, espy

shade upon the sunshine lying

faint and somewhat pensively;

20

and downward image gaily vying

with its upright living tree

mid silver clouds, and openings of blue sky

as soft almost and deep as her cerulean eye.

nor less the joy with many a glance

25

cast up the stream or down at her beseeching,

to mark its eddying foam-balls prettily distrest

by ever-changing shape and want of rest;

or watch, with mutual teaching,

the current as it plays

30

in flashing leaps and stealthy creeps

adown a rocky maze;

or note (translucent summer’s happiest chance!)

in the slope-channel floored with pebbles bright,

stones of all hues, gem emulous of gem,

35

so vivid that they take from keenest sight

the liquid veil that seeks not to hide them.

prelude

in desultory walk through orchard grounds,

or some deep chestnut grove, oft have i paused

the while a thrush, urged rather than restrained

by gusts of vernal storm, attuned his song

to his own genial instincts; and was heard

5

  the poem served as a prelude to ww’s  poems chiefly of early and late years (842).

last poems (1820–1850) 753

(though not without some plaintive tones between)

to utter, above showers of blossom swept

from tossing boughs, the promise of a calm,

which the unsheltered traveller might receive

with thankful spirit. the descant, and the wind

10

that seemed to play with it in love or scorn,

encouraged and endeared the strain of words

that haply flowed from me, by fits of silence

impelled to livelier pace. but now, my book!

charged with those lays, and others of like mood,

15

or loftier pitch if higher rose the theme,

go, single—yet aspiring to be joined

with thy forerunners that through many a year

have faithfully prepared each other’s way—

go forth upon a mission best fulfilled

20

when and wherever, in this changeful world,

power hath been given to please for higher ends

than pleasure only; gladdening to prepare

for wholesome sadness, troubling to refine,

calming to raise; and, by a sapient art

25

diffused through all the mysteries of our being,

softening the toils and pains that have not ceased

to cast their shadows on our mother earth

since the primeval doom. such is the grace

which, though unsued for, fails not to descend

30

with heavenly inspiration; such the aim

that reason dictates; and, as even the wish

has virtue in it, why should hope to me

be wanting that sometimes, where fancied ills

harass the mind and strip from off the bowers

35

of private life their natural pleasantness,

a voice devoted to the love whose seeds

are sown in every human breast, to beauty

lodged within compass of the humblest sight,

to cheerful intercourse with wood and field,

40

and sympathy with man’s substantial griefs—

will not be heard in vain? and in those days

when unforeseen distress spreads far and wide

among a people mournfully cast down,

754 the poems of william wordsworth

or into anger roused by venal words

45

in recklessness flung out to overturn

the judgment, and divert the general heart

from mutual good—some strain of thine, my book!

caught at propitious intervals, may win

listeners who not unwillingly admit

50

kindly emotion tending to console

and reconcile; and both with young and old

exalt the sense of thoughtful gratitude

for benefits that still survive, by faith

in progress, under laws divine, maintained.

55

rydal mount, march 26, 1842

upon perusing the foregoing epistle thirty years after its composition

soon did the almighty giver of all rest

take those dear young ones to a fearless nest;

and in death’s arms has long reposed the friend

for whom this simple register was penned.

thanks to the moth that spared it for our eyes;

5

and strangers even the slighted scroll may prize,

moved by the touch of kindred sympathies.

for—save the calm, repentance sheds o’er strife

raised by remembrances of misused life,

the light from past endeavours purely willed

10

and by heaven’s favour happily fulfilled;

save hope that we, yet bound to earth, may share

the joys of the departed—what so fair

as blameless pleasure, not without some tears,

reviewed through love’s transparent veil of years?

15

sonnet

when severn’s sweeping flood had overthrown

st mary’s church the preacher then would cry,

“thus, christian people god his might hath shown

that ye to him your love may testify;

haste, and rebuild the pile”! but not a stone

5

resumed its place. age after age went by

  title and poem refer to  epistle to sir george beaumont, bart. from the south-west coast of cumberland. see the latter poem, above.

last poems (1820–1850) 755

and heaven still lacked its due; though piety

in secret did, we trust, her loss bemoan.

but now her spirit has put forth its claim

in power, and poesy would lend her voice

10

let the new work be worthy of its aim,

that in its beauty cardiff may rejoice!

oh, in the past if cause there was for shame

let not our times halt in their better choice!

wm wordsworth

rydal mount, 23d janry 1842

“a poet!—he hath put his heart to school”

a poet!—he hath put his heart to school,

nor dares to move unpropped upon the staff

which art hath lodged within his hand—must laugh

by precept only, and shed tears by rule.

thy art be nature; the live current quaff,

5

and let the groveller sip his stagnant pool,

in fear that else, when critics grave and cool

have killed him, scorn should write his epitaph.

how does the meadow-flower its bloom unfold?

because the lovely little flower is free

10

down to its root, and, in that freedom, bold;

and so the grandeur of the forest-tree

comes not by casting in a formal mould,

but from its own divine vitality.

to a redbreast—(in sickness)

stay, little cheerful robin! stay,

and at my casement sing,

though it should prove a farewell lay

and this our parting spring.

though i, alas! may ne’er enjoy

5

the promise in thy song;

a charm, that thought can not destroy,

doth to thy strain belong.

methinks that in my dying hour

thy song would still be dear,

10

756 the poems of william wordsworth

and with a more than earthly power

my passing spirit cheer.

then, little bird, this boon confer,

come, and my requiem sing,

nor fail to be the harbinger

15

of everlasting spring.

s. h.

“the most alluring clouds that mount the sky”

the most alluring clouds that mount the sky

owe to a troubled element their forms,

their hues to sunset. if with raptured eye

we watch their splendor, shall we covet storms,

and wish the lord of day his slow decline

5

would hasten, that such pomp may float on high?

behold, already they forget to shine,

dissolve—and leave to him who gazed a sigh.

not loth to thank each moment for its boon

of pure delight, come whencesoe’er it may,

10

peace let us seek,—to stedfast things attune

calm expectations, leaving to the gay

and volatile their love of transient bowers,

the house that cannot pass away be ours.

“intent on gathering wool from hedge and brake”

intent on gathering wool from hedge and brake

yon busy little-ones rejoice that soon

a poor old dame will bless them for the boon:

great is their glee while flake they add to flake

with rival earnestness; far other strife

5

than will hereafter move them, if they make

pastime their idol, give their day of life

to pleasure snatched for reckless pleasure’s sake.

can pomp and show allay one heart-born grief?

pains which the world inflicts can she requite?

10

not for an interval however brief;

  “s. h.” is ww’s sister-in-law sara hutchinson. he included it in his publications in 842 and from 845, and acknowledged his authorship of the second stanza, ll. 5–2.

last poems (1820–1850) 757

the silent thoughts that search for stedfast light,

love from on high, and duty in her might,

and faith—these only yield secure relief.

march 8th, 1842.

the eagle and the dove

shade of caractacus, if spirits love

the cause they fought for in their earthly home,

to see the eagle ruffled by the dove

may soothe thy memory of the chains of rome.

these children claim thee for their sire; the breath

5

of thy renown, from cambrian mountains, fans

a flame within them that despises death,

and glorifies the truant youth of vannes.

with thy own scorn of tyrants they advance,

but truth divine has sanctified their rage,

10

a silver cross enchased with flowers of france,

their badge, attests the holy fight they wage.

the shrill defiance of the young crusade

their veteran foes mock as an idle noise

but unto faith and loyalty comes aid

15

from heaven—gigantic force to beardless boys.

“what heavenly smiles! o lady mine”

what heavenly smiles! o lady mine

through my very heart they shine;

and, if my brow gives back their light,

do thou look gladly on the sight;

as the clear moon with modest pride

5

beholds her own bright beams

reflected from the mountain’s side

and from the headlong streams.

“wansfell! this household has a favoured lot”

wansfell! this household has a favoured lot,

living with liberty on thee to gaze,

to watch while morn first crowns thee with her rays,

  “the hill that rises to the south-east, above ambleside.” ww

758 the poems of william wordsworth

or when along thy breast serenely float

evening’s angelic clouds. yet ne’er a note

5

hath sounded (shame upon the bard!) thy praise

for all that thou, as if from heaven, hast brought

of glory lavished on our quiet days.

bountiful son of earth! when we are gone

from every object dear to mortal sight,

10

as soon we shall be, may these words attest

how oft, to elevate our spirits, shone

thy visionary majesties of light,

how in thy pensive glooms our hearts found rest.





dec. 24, 1842.

“glad sight wherever new with old”

glad sight wherever new with old

is joined through some dear homeborn tie;

the life of all that we behold

depends upon that mystery.

vain is the glory of the sky,

5

the beauty vain of field and grove

unless, while with admiring eye

we gaze, we also learn to love.

to a lady,

in answer to a request that i would write her a poem

upon some drawings that she had made of flowers

in the island of madeira

fair lady! can i sing of flowers

that in madeira bloom and fade,

i who ne’er sate within their bowers,

nor through their sunny lawns have strayed?

how they in sprightly dance are worn

5

by shepherd-groom or may-day queen,

or holy festal pomps adorn,

these eyes have never seen.

yet tho’ to me the pencil’s art

no like remembrances can give,

10

your portraits still may reach the heart

last poems (1820–1850) 759

and there for gentle pleasure live;

while fancy ranging with free scope

shall on some lovely alien set

a name with us endeared to hope,

15

to peace, or fond regret.

still as we look with nicer care,

some new resemblance we may trace:

a heart’s-ease will perhaps be there,

a speedwell may not want its place.

20

and so may we, with charmed mind

beholding what your skill has wrought,

another star-of-bethlehem find,

a new forget-me-not.

from earth to heaven with motion fleet

25

from heaven to earth our thoughts will pass,

a holy-thistle here we meet

and there a shepherd’s weather-glass;

and haply some familiar name

shall grace the fairest, sweetest, plant

30

whose presence cheers the drooping frame

of english emigrant.

gazing she feels its power beguile

sad thoughts, and breathes with easier breath;

alas! that meek that tender smile

35

is but a harbinger of death:

and pointing with a feeble hand

she says, in faint words by sighs broken,

bear for me to my native land

this precious flower, true love’s last token.

40

“while beams of orient light shoot wide and high”

while beams of orient light shoot wide and high,

deep in the vale a little rural town

breathes forth a cloud-like creature of its own,

that mounts not toward the radiant morning sky,

but, with a less ambitious sympathy,

5

  “ambleside.” ww

760 the poems of william wordsworth

hangs o’er its parent waking to the cares

troubles and toils that every day prepares.

so fancy, to the musing poet’s eye,

endears that lingerer. and how blest her sway

(like influence never may my soul reject)

10

if the calm heaven, now to its zenith decked

with glorious forms in numberless array,

to the lone shepherd on the hills disclose

gleams from a world in which the saints repose.

jan 1, 1843.

grace darling

among the dwellers in the silent fields

the natural heart is touched, and public way

and crowded street resound with ballad strains,

inspired by one whose very name bespeaks

favour divine, exalting human love;

5

whom, since her birth on bleak northumbria’s coast,

known unto few but prized as far as known,

a single act endears to high and low

through the whole land—to manhood, moved in spite

of the world’s freezing cares—to generous youth—

10

to infancy, that lisps her praise—to age

whose eye reflects it, glistening through a tear

of tremulous admiration. such true fame

awaits her now; but, verily, good deeds

do no imperishable record find

15

save in the rolls of heaven, where hers may live

a theme for angels, when they celebrate

the high-souled virtues which forgetful earth

has witness’d. oh! that winds and waves could speak

of things which their united power called forth

20

from the pure depths of her humanity!

a maiden gentle, yet, at duty’s call,

firm and unflinching, as the lighthouse reared

on the island-rock, her lonely dwelling-place;

or like the invincible rock itself that braves,

25

  the poem is closely based on accounts of the event september 7, 838, that appeared in

the newspapers of the day.

last poems (1820–1850) 761

age after age, the hostile elements,

as when it guarded holy cuthbert’s cell.

all night the storm had raged, nor ceased, nor paused,

when, as day broke, the maid, through misty air,

espies far off a wreck, amid the surf,

30

beating on one of those disastrous isles—

half of a vessel, half—no more; the rest

had vanished, swallowed up with all that there

had for the common safety striven in vain,

or thither thronged for refuge. with quick glance

35

daughter and sire through optic-glass discern,

clinging about the remnant of this ship,

creatures—how precious in the maiden’s sight!

for whom, belike, the old man grieves still more

than for their fellow-sufferers engulfed

40

where every parting agony is hushed,

and hope and fear mix not in further strife.

“but courage, father! let us out to sea—

a few may yet be saved.” the daughter’s words,

her earnest tone, and look beaming with faith,

45

dispel the father’s doubts: nor do they lack

the noble-minded mother’s helping hand

to launch the boat; and with her blessing cheered,

and inwardly sustained by silent prayer,

together they put forth, father and child!

50

each grasps an oar, and struggling on they go—

rivals in effort; and, alike intent

here to elude and there surmount, they watch

the billows lengthening, mutually crossed

and shattered, and re-gathering their might;

55

as if the tumult, by the almighty’s will

were, in the conscious sea, roused and prolonged

that woman’s fortitude—so tried, so proved—

may brighten more and more!

true to the mark,

they stem the current of that perilous gorge,

60

their arms still strengthening with the strengthening heart,

though danger, as the wreck is near’d, becomes

762 the poems of william wordsworth

more imminent. not unseen do they approach;

and rapture, with varieties of fear

incessantly conflicting, thrills the frames

65

of those who, in that dauntless energy,

foretaste deliverance; but the least perturbed

can scarcely trust his eyes, when he perceives

that of the pair—tossed on the waves to bring

hope to the hopeless, to the dying, life—

70

one is a woman, a poor earthly sister,

or, be the visitant other than she seems,

a guardian spirit sent from pitying heaven,

in woman’s shape. but why prolong the tale,

casting weak words amid a host of thoughts

75

armed to repel them? every hazard faced

and difficulty mastered, with resolve

that no one breathing should be left to perish,

this last remainder of the crew are all

placed in the little boat, then o’er the deep

80

are safely borne, landed upon the beach,

and, in fulfilment of god’s mercy, lodged

within the sheltering lighthouse.—shout, ye waves!

send forth a song of triumph. waves and winds,

exult in this deliverance wrought through faith

85

in him whose providence your rage hath served!

ye screaming sea-mews, in the concert join!

and would that some immortal voice—a voice

fitly attuned to all that gratitude

breathes out from floor or couch, through pallid lips

90

of the survivors—to the clouds might bear—

blended with praise of that parental love,

beneath whose watchful eye the maiden grew

pious and pure, modest and yet so brave,

though young so wise, though meek so resolute—

95

might carry to the clouds and to the stars,

yea, to celestial choirs, grace darling’s name!

last poems (1820–1850) 763

inscription

for a monument in crosthwaite church, in

the vale of keswick

ye vales and hills whose beauty hither drew

the poet’s steps, and fixed him here, on you,

his eyes have closed! and ye, lov’d books, no more

shall southey feed upon your precious lore,

to works that ne’er shall forfeit their renown,

5

adding immortal labours of his own—

whether he traced historic truth, with zeal

for the state’s guidance, or the church’s weal,

or fancy, disciplined by studious art,

inform’d his pen, or wisdom of the heart,

10

or judgments sanctioned in the patriot’s mind

by reverence for the rights of all mankind.

wide were his aims, yet in no human breast

could private feelings meet for holier rest.

his joys, his griefs, have vanished like a cloud

15

from skiddaw’s top; but he to heaven was vowed

through his industrious life, and christian faith

calmed in his soul the fear of change and death.

to the rev. christopher wordsworth, d.d.

master of harrow school, after the perusal of his

theophilus anglicanus, recently published

enlightened teacher, gladly from thy hand

have i received this proof of pains bestowed

by thee to guide thy pupils on the road

that, in our native isle, and every land,

the church, when trusting in divine command

5

and in her catholic attributes, hath trod:

o may these lessons be with profit scanned

to thy heart’s wish, thy labour blest by god!

so the bright faces of the young and gay

shall look more bright—the happy, happier still;

10

catch, in the pauses of their keenest play,

  robert southey died march 2, 843.

2  ww’s nephew.

764 the poems of william wordsworth

motions of thought which elevate the will

and, like the spire that from your classic hill

points heavenward, indicate the end and way.

rydal mount, dec. 11, 1843.

“so fair, so sweet, withal so sensitive”

so fair, so sweet, withal so sensitive,

would that the little flowers were born to live,

conscious of half the pleasure which they give;

that to this mountain-daisy’s self were known

the beauty of its star-shaped shadow, thrown

5

on the smooth surface of this naked stone!

and what if hence a bold desire should mount

high as the sun, that he could take account

of all that issues from his glorious fount!

so might he ken how by his sovereign aid

10

these delicate companionships are made;

and how he rules the pomp of light and shade;

and were the sister-power that shines by night

so privileged, what a countenance of delight

would through the clouds break forth on human sight!

15

fond fancies! wheresoe’er shall turn thine eye

on earth, air, ocean, or the starry sky,

converse with nature in pure sympathy;

all vain desires, all lawless wishes quelled,

be thou to love and praise alike impelled,

20

whatever boon is granted or withheld.

sonnet

on the projected kendal and windermere railway

is then no nook of english ground secure

from rash assault? schemes of retirement sown

in youth, and mid the busy world kept pure

as when their earliest flowers of hope were blown,

must perish;—how can they this blight endure?

5

last poems (1820–1850) 765

and must he too the ruthless change bemoan

who scorns a false utilitarian lure

mid his paternal fields at random thrown?

baffle the threat, bright scene, from orrest-head

given to the pausing traveller’s rapturous glance:

10

plead for thy peace, thou beautiful romance

of nature; and, if human hearts be dead,

speak, passing winds; ye torrents, with your strong

and constant voice, protest against the wrong.

william wordsworth.

rydal mount,

october 12th, 1844.

“proud were ye, mountains, when, in times of old”

proud were ye, mountains, when, in times of old,

your patriot sons, to stem invasive war,

intrenched your brows; ye gloried in each scar:

now, for your shame, a power, the thirst of gold,

that rules o’er britain like a baneful star,

5

wills that your peace, your beauty, shall be sold,

and clear way made for her triumphal car

through the beloved retreats your arms enfold!

heard ye that whistle? as her long-linked train

swept onwards, did the vision cross your view?

10

yes, ye were startled;—and, in balance true,

weighing the mischief with the promised gain,

mountains, and vales, and floods, i call on you

to share the passion of a just disdain.

the westmoreland girl

to my grandchildren

part i

seek who will delight in fable

  ww described the poem as “truth to the letter” (ww to henry reed, july 3, 845). sarah

mackereth, the grasmere girl whose story the poem tells, died in 872 and is buried in

broughton  in  furness  churchyard  (f. a.  malleson,  holiday studies of wordsworth: by rivers, woods, and alps  [london,  paris  and  melbourne:  cassell  and  company,  890];  he records sarah’s retelling of the events from which ww framed his poem in chap. 2, pp.

42–46; the chapter is based on an article that malleson published in 873 in the magazine

sunday at home).

766 the poems of william wordsworth

i shall tell you truth. a lamb

leapt from this steep bank to follow

’cross the brook its thoughtless dam.

far and wide on hill and valley

5

rain had fallen, unceasing rain,

and the bleating mother’s young-one

struggled with the flood in vain:

but, as chanced, a cottage-maiden

(ten years scarcely had she told)

10

seeing, plunged into the torrent,

clasped the lamb and kept her hold.

whirled adown the rocky channel,

sinking, rising, on they go,

peace and rest, as seems, before them

15

only in the lake below.

oh! it was a frightful current

whose fierce wrath the girl had braved;

clap your hands with joy my hearers,

shout in triumph, both are saved;

20

saved by courage that with danger

grew, by strength the gift of love,

and belike a guardian angel

came with succour from above.

part ii

now, to a maturer audience,

25

let me speak of this brave child

left among her native mountains

with wild nature to run wild.

so, unwatched by love maternal,

mother’s care no more her guide,

30

fared this little bright-eyed orphan

even while at her father’s side.

spare your blame,—remembrance makes him

loth to rule by strict command;

last poems (1820–1850) 767

still upon his cheek are living

35

touches of her infant hand,

dear caresses given in pity,

sympathy that soothed his grief,

as the dying mother witnessed

to her thankful mind’s relief.

40

time passed on; the child was happy,

like a spirit of air she moved,

wayward, yet by all who knew her

for her tender heart beloved.

scarcely less than sacred passions,

45

bred in house, in grove, and field,

link her with the inferior creatures,

urge her powers their rights to shield.

anglers, bent on reckless pastime,

learn how she can feel alike

50

both for tiny harmless minnow

and the fierce and sharp-toothed pike.

merciful protectress, kindling

into anger or disdain;

many a captive hath she rescued,

55

others saved from lingering pain.

listen yet awhile;—with patience

hear the homely truths i tell,

she in grasmere’s old church-steeple

tolled this day the passing-bell.

60

yes, the wild girl of the mountains

to their echoes gave the sound,

notice punctual as the minute,

warning solemn and profound.

she, fulfilling her sire’s office,

65

rang alone the far-heard knell,

tribute, by her hand, in sorrow,

paid to one who loved her well.

768 the poems of william wordsworth

when his spirit was departed

on that service she went forth;

70

nor will fail the like to render

when his corse is laid in earth.

what then wants the child to temper,

in her breast, unruly fire,

to control the froward impulse

75

and restrain the vague desire?

easily a pious training

and a stedfast outward power

would supplant the weeds and cherish,

in their stead, each opening flower.

80

thus the fearless lamb-deliv’rer,

woman-grown, meek-hearted, sage,

may become a blest example

for her sex, of every age.

watchful as a wheeling eagle,

85

constant as a soaring lark,

should the country need a heroine,

she might prove our maid of arc.

leave that thought; and here be uttered

prayer that grace divine may raise

90

her humane courageous spirit

up to heaven, thro’ peaceful ways.

“yes! thou art fair, yet be not moved”

yes! thou art fair, yet be not moved

to scorn the declaration,

that sometimes i in thee have loved

my fancy’s own creation.

imagination needs must stir;

5

dear maid, this truth believe,

minds that have nothing to confer

find little to perceive.

be pleased that nature made thee fit

last poems (1820–1850) 769

to feed my heart’s devotion,

10

by laws to which all forms submit

in sky, air, earth, and ocean.

“forth from a jutting ridge, around whose base”

forth from a jutting ridge, around whose base

winds our deep vale, two heath-clad rocks ascend

in fellowship, the loftiest of the pair

rising to no ambitious height; yet both,

o’er lake and stream, mountain and flowery mead,

5

unfolding prospects fair as human eyes

ever beheld. up-led with mutual help,

to one or other brow of those twin peaks

were two adventurous sisters wont to climb,

and took no note of the hour while thence they gazed,

10

the blooming heath their couch, gazed, side by side,

in speechless admiration. i, a witness

and frequent sharer of their calm delight

with thankful heart, to either eminence

gave the baptismal name each sister bore.

15

now are they parted, far as death’s cold hand

hath power to part the spirits of those who love

as they did love. ye kindred pinnacles—

that, while the generations of mankind

follow each other to their hiding-place

20

in time’s abyss, are privileged to endure

beautiful in yourselves, and richly graced

with like command of beauty—grant your aid

for mary’s humble, sarah’s silent, claim,

that their pure joy in nature may survive

25

from age to age in blended memory.

at furness abbey

well have yon railway labourers to this ground

withdrawn for noontide rest. they sit, they walk

among the ruins, but no idle talk

is heard; to grave demeanour all are bound;

and from one voice a hymn with tuneful sound

5

hallows once more the long-deserted quire

770 the poems of william wordsworth

and thrills the old sepulchral earth, around.

others look up, and with fixed eyes admire

that wide-spanned arch, wondering how it was raised,

to keep, so high in air, its strength and grace:

10

all seem to feel the spirit of the place,

and by the general reverence god is praised:

profane despoilers, stand ye not reproved,

while thus these simple-hearted men are moved!

june 21st, 1845.

“why should we weep or mourn, angelic boy”

why should we weep or mourn, angelic boy,

for such thou wert ere from our sight removed,

holy, and ever dutiful—beloved

from day to day with never-ceasing joy,

and hopes as dear as could the heart employ

5

in aught to earth pertaining? death has proved

his might, nor less his mercy, as behoved—

death conscious that he only could destroy

the bodily frame. that beauty is laid low

to moulder in a far-off field of rome;

10

but heaven is now, blest child, thy spirit’s home:

when such divine communion, which we know,

is felt, thy roman-burial place will be

surely a sweet remembrancer of thee.

“i know an aged man constrained to dwell”

i know an aged man constrained to dwell

in a large house of public charity,

where he abides, as in a prisoner’s cell,

with numbers near, alas! no company.

when he could creep about, at will, though poor

5

and forced to live on alms, this old man fed

a redbreast, one that to his cottage door

came not, but in a lane partook his bread.

there, at the root of one particular tree,

an easy seat this worn-out labourer found

10

while robin pecked the crumbs upon his knee

last poems (1820–1850) 771

laid one by one, or scattered on the ground.

dear intercourse was theirs, day after day;

what signs of mutual gladness when they met!

think of their common peace, their simple play,

15

the parting moment and its fond regret.

months passed in love that failed not to fulfil,

in spite of season’s change, its own demand,

by fluttering pinions here and busy bill;

there by caresses from a tremulous hand.

20

thus in the chosen spot a tie so strong

was formed between the solitary pair,

that when his fate had housed him mid a throng

the captive shunned all converse proffered there.

wife, children, kindred, they were dead and gone;

25

but, if no evil hap his wishes crossed,

one living stay was left, and on that one

some recompense for all that he had lost.

o that the good old man had power to prove,

by message sent through air or visible token,

30

that still he loves the bird, and still must love;

that friendship lasts though fellowship is broken!

to an octogenarian

affections lose their objects; time brings forth

no successors; and, lodged in memory,

if love exist no longer, it must die,—

wanting accustomed food must pass from earth,

or never hope to reach a second birth.

5

this sad belief, the happiest that is left

to thousands, share not thou; howe’er bereft,

scorned, or neglected, fear not such a dearth.

though poor and destitute of friends thou art,

perhaps the sole survivor of thy race,

10

one to whom heaven assigns that mournful part

the utmost solitude of age to face,

still shall be left some corner of the heart

772 the poems of william wordsworth

where love for living thing can find a place.

written upon a fly leaf in the copy of the author’s poems which was sent

to her majesty queen victoria

deign sovereign mistress! to accept a lay

no laureate offering of elaborate art;

but salutation taking its glad way

from deep recesses of a loyal heart.

queen, wife, and mother! may all-judging heaven

5

shower with a bounteous hand on thee and thine

felicity, that only can be given

on earth to goodness, blest by grace divine.

lady! devoutly honoured and beloved

thro’ every realm confided to thy sway

10

may’st thou pursue thy course by god approved

and he will teach thy people to obey.

as thou art wont thy sovereignty adorn

with woman’s gentleness, yet firm and staid;

so shall that earthly crown thy brows have worn

15

be changed to one whose glory cannot fade:

and now, by duty urged, i lay this book

before thy majesty, in humble trust

that on its simplest pages thou wilt look

with a benign indulgence, more than just.

20

nor wilt thou blame an aged poet’s prayer

that issuing hence may steal into thy mind

some solace under weight of royal care

or grief, the inheritance of humankind;

for know we not that from celestial spheres

25

when time was young an inspiration came

(o were it mine) to hallow saddest tears,

and help life onward in its noblest aim.

w.w.

rydal mount,

9th jany 1846

  the volume is in the royal library, windsor castle. the poem did not appear in print in

ww’s lifetime.

last poems (1820–1850) 773

“who but is pleased to watch the moon on high”

who but is pleased to watch the moon on high

travelling where she from time to time enshrouds

her head, and nothing loth her majesty

renounces, till among the scattered clouds

one with its kindling edge declares that soon

5

will reappear before the uplifted eye

a form as bright, as beautiful a moon,

to glide in open prospect through clear sky.

pity that such a promise e’er should prove

false in the issue, that yon seeming space

10

of sky should be in truth the steadfast face

of a cloud flat and dense, through which must move

(by transit not unlike man’s frequent doom)

the wanderer lost in more determined gloom!

“how beautiful the queen of night, on high”

how beautiful the queen of night, on high

her way pursuing among scattered clouds,

where, ever and anon, her head she shrouds

hidden from view in dense obscurity.

but look, and to the watchful eye

5

a brightening edge will indicate that soon

we shall behold the struggling moon

break forth,—again to walk the clear blue sky.

“where lies the truth? has man, in wisdom’s creed”

where lies the truth? has man, in wisdom’s creed,

a pitiable doom; for respite brief

a care more anxious, or a heavier grief?

is he ungrateful, and doth little heed

god’s bounty, soon forgotten; or indeed,

5

must man, with labour born, awake to sorrow

when flowers rejoice and larks with rival speed

spring from their nests to bid the sun good morrow?

they mount for rapture as their songs proclaim

warbled in hearing both of earth and sky;

10

but o’er the contrast wherefore heave a sigh?

774 the poems of william wordsworth

like these aspirants let us soar—our aim,

through life’s worst trials, whether shocks or snares,

a happier, brighter, purer heaven than theirs.

to lucca giordano

giordano, verily thy pencil’s skill

hath here portrayed with nature’s happiest grace

the fair endymion couched on latmos-hill;

and dian gazing on the shepherd’s face

in rapture,—yet suspending her embrace,

5

as not unconscious with what power the thrill

of her most timid touch his sleep would chase,

and, with his sleep, that beauty calm and still.

o may this work have found its last retreat

here in a mountain-bard’s secure abode,

10

one to whom, yet a school-boy, cynthia showed

a face of love which he in love would greet,

fixed, by her smile, upon some rocky seat;

or lured along where green-wood paths he trod.

rydal mount. 1846.

illustrated books and newspapers

discourse was deemed man’s noblest attribute,

and written words the glory of his hand;

then followed printing with enlarged command

for thought—dominion vast and absolute

for spreading truth, and making love expand.

5

now prose and verse sunk into disrepute

must lacquey a dumb art that best can suit

the taste of this once-intellectual land.

a backward movement surely have we here,

for manhood—back to childhood; for the age—

10

back towards caverned life’s first rude career.

avaunt this vile abuse of pictured page!

must eyes be all in all, the tongue and ear

nothing? heaven keep us from a lower stage!

last poems (1820–1850) 775

on the banks of a rocky stream

behold an emblem of our human mind

crowded with thoughts that need a settled home,

yet, like to eddying balls of foam

within this whirlpool, they each other chase

round and round, and neither find

5

an outlet nor a resting-place!

stranger, if such disquietude be thine,

fall on thy knees and sue for help divine.

ode,

performed in the senate-house, cambridge, on the sixth of july,

m.dccc.xlvii. at the first commencement after the installation of

his royal highness the prince albert, chancellor of the university

installation ode

introduction and chorus

for thirst of power that heaven disowns,

for temples, towers, and thrones,

too long insulted by the spoiler’s shock,

indignant europe cast

her stormy foe at last

5

to reap the whirlwind on a libyan rock.

solo—tenor

war is passion’s basest game

madly played to win a name;

up starts some tyrant, earth and heaven to dare;

the servile million bow;

10

but will the lightning glance aside to spare

the despot’s laurelled brow?

chorus

war is mercy, glory, fame,

waged in freedom’s holy cause;

freedom, such as man may claim

15

under god’s restraining laws.

such is albion’s fame and glory:

let rescued europe tell the story.

776 the poems of william wordsworth

recit. (accompanied)—contralto

but, lo, what sudden cloud has darkened all

the land as with a funeral pall?

20

the rose of england suffers blight

the flower has drooped, the isle’s delight,

flower and bud together fall—

a nation’s hopes lie crushed in claremont’s desolate hall.

air—soprano

time a chequered mantle wears;—

25

earth awakes from wintry sleep;

again the tree a blossom bears,—

cease, britannia, cease to weep!

hark to the peals on this bright may-morn!

they tell that your future queen is born!

30

soprano solo and chorus

a guardian angel fluttered

above the babe, unseen;

one word he softly uttered—

it named the future queen:

and a joyful cry through the island rang,

35

as clear and bold as the trumpet’s clang,

as bland as the reed of peace—

“victoria be her name!”

for righteous triumphs are the base

whereon britannia rests her peaceful fame.

40

quartett

time, in his mantle’s sunniest fold,

uplifted on his arms the child;

and, while the fearless infant smiled,

her happier destiny foretold:—

“infancy, by wisdom mild,

45

“trained to health and artless beauty;

“youth, by pleasure unbeguiled

“from the lore of lofty duty;

“womanhood in pure renown,

“seated on her lineal throne:

50

“leaves of myrtle in her crown,

last poems (1820–1850) 777

“fresh with lustre all their own.

“love, the treasure worth possessing

“more than all the world beside,

“this shall be her choicest blessing,

55

“oft to royal hearts denied.”

recit. (accompanied)—bass

that eve, the star of brunswick shone

with stedfast ray benign

on gotha’s ducal roof, and on

the softly flowing leine;

60

nor failed to gild the spires of bonn,

and glittered on the rhine.—

old camus too on that prophetic night

was conscious of the ray;

and his willows whispered in its light,

65

not to the zephyr’s sway,

but with a delphic life, in sight

of this auspicious day:

chorus

this day, when granta hails her chosen lord,

and proud of her award,

70

confiding in the star serene

welcomes the consort of a happy queen.

air—contralto

prince, in these collegiate bowers,

where science, leagued with holier truth,

guards the sacred heart of youth,

75

solemn monitors are ours.

these reverend aisles, these hallowed towers,

raised by many a hand august,

are haunted by majestic powers,

the memories of the wise and just,

80

who, faithful to a pious trust,

here, in the founder’s spirit, sought

to mould and stamp the ore of thought

in that bold form and impress high

that best betoken patriot loyalty.

85

778 the poems of william wordsworth

not in vain those sages taught.—

true disciples, good as great,

have pondered here their country’s weal,

weighed the future by the past,

learnt how social frames may last,

90

and how a land may rule its fate

by constancy inviolate,

though worlds to their foundations reel,

the sport of factious hate or godless zeal.

air—bass

albert, in thy race we cherish

95

a nation’s strength that will not perish

while england’s sceptred line

true to the king of kings is found;

like that wise ancestor of thine

who threw the saxon shield o’er luther’s life,

100

when first, above the yells of bigot strife,

the trumpet of the living word

assumed a voice of deep portentous sound

from gladdened elbe to startled tiber heard.

chorus

what shield more sublime

105

e’er was blazoned or sung?

and the prince whom we greet

from its hero is sprung.

resound, resound the strain

that hails him for our own!

110

again, again, and yet again;

for the church, the state, the throne!—

and that presence fair and bright,

ever blest wherever seen,

who deigns to grace our festal rite,

115

the pride of the islands, victoria the queen!

finis

  “frederick the wise, elector of saxony.” ww





1

the song of the happy shepherd


the woods of arcady are dead,

and over is their antique joy;

of old the world on dreaming fed;

grey truth is now her painted toy;

yet still she turns her restless head:

but o, sick children of the world,

of all the many changing things

in dreary dancing past us whirled,

to the cracked tune that chronos sings,

words alone are certain good.

where are now the warring kings,

word be-mockers?—by the rood

where are now the warring kings?

an idle word is now their glory,

by the stammering schoolboy said,

reading some entangled story:

the kings of the old time are dead;

the wandering earth herself may be

only a sudden flaming word,

in clanging space a moment heard,

troubling the endless reverie.

then nowise worship dusty deeds,

nor seek, for this is also sooth,

to hunger fiercely after truth,

lest all thy toiling only breeds

new dreams, new dreams; there is no truth

saving in thine own heart. seek, then,

no learning from the starry men, who follow with the optic glass

the whirling ways of stars that pass—seek,

then, for this is also sooth,

no word of theirs—the cold star-bane

has cloven and rent their hearts in twain,

and dead is all their human truth.

go gather by the humming sea

some twisted, echo-harbouring shell,

and to its lips thy story tell,

and they thy comforters will be,

rewarding in melodious guile

thy fretful words a little while,

till they shall singing fade in ruth

and die a pearly brotherhood;

for words alone are certain good:

sing, then, for this is also sooth.

i must be gone: there is a grave

where daffodil and lily wave,

and i would please the hapless faun,

buried under the sleepy ground,

with mirthful songs before the dawn.

his shouting days with mirth were crowned;

and still i dream he treads the lawn,

walking ghostly in the dew,

pierced by my glad singing through,

my songs of old earth’s dreamy youth:

but ah! she dreams not now; dream thou!

for fair are poppies on the brow:

dream, dream, for this is also sooth.





2

the sad shepherd


there was a man whom sorrow named his friend,

and he, of his high comrade sorrow dreaming,

went walking with slow steps along the gleaming

and humming sands, where windy surges wend: and he called loudly to the stars to bend

from their pale thrones and comfort him, but they

among themselves laugh on and sing alway:

and then the man whom sorrow named his friend

cried out, dim sea, hear my most piteous story!

the sea swept on and cried her old cry still,

rolling along in dreams from hill to hill.

he fled the persecution of her glory

and, in a far-off, gentle valley stopping,

cried all his story to the dewdrops glistening.

but naught they heard, for they are always listening,

the dewdrops, for the sound of their own dropping.

and then the man whom sorrow named his friend

sought once again the shore, and found a shell,

and thought, i will my heavy story tell

till my own words, re-echoing, shall send

their sadness through a hollow, pearly heart;

and my own tale again for me shall sing,

and my own whispering words be comforting,

and lo! my ancient burden may depart.

then he sang softly nigh the pearly rim;

but the sad dweller by the sea-ways lone

changed all he sang to inarticulate moan

among her wildering whirls, forgetting him.





3

the cloak, the boat, and the shoes


‘what do you make so fair and bright?’

‘i make the cloak of sorrow:

o lovely to see in all men’s sight

shall be the cloak of sorrow,

in all men’s sight.’

‘what do you build with sails for flight?’

‘i build a boat for sorrow:

o swift on the seas all day and night saileth the rover sorrow,

all day and night.’

‘what do you weave with wool so white?’

‘i weave the shoes of sorrow:

soundless shall be the footfall light

in all men’s ears of sorrow,

sudden and light.’





4

anashuya and vijaya


a little indian temple in the golden age. around it a garden; around that the forest. anashuya, the young priestess, kneeling within the temple.

anashuya. send peace on all the lands and flickering corn.—

o, may tranquillity walk by his elbow

when wandering in the forest, if he love

no other.—hear, and may the indolent flocks

be plentiful.—and if he love another,

may panthers end him.—hear, and load our king

with wisdom hour by hour.—may we two stand,

when we are dead, beyond the setting suns,

a little from the other shades apart,

with mingling hair, and play upon one lute.

vijaya [entering and throwing a lily at her]. hail! hail, my anashuya.

anashuya. no: be still.

i, priestess of this temple, offer up

prayers for the land.

vijaya. i will wait here, amrita.

anashuya. by mighty brahma’s ever-rustling robe,

who is amrita? sorrow of all sorrows!

another fills your mind.

vijaya. my mother’s name.

anashuya [sings, coming out of the temple].

a sad, sad thought went by me slowly:

sigh, o you little stars! o sigh and shake your blue apparel!

the sad, sad thought has gone from me now wholly:

sing, o you little stars! o sing and raise your rapturous carol

to mighty brahma, he who made you many as the sands,

and laid you on the gates of evening with his quiet hands.

[sits down on the steps of the temple.]

vijaya, i have brought my evening rice;

the sun has laid his chin on the grey wood,

weary, with all his poppies gathered round him.

vijaya. the hour when kama, full of sleepy laughter,

rises, and showers abroad his fragrant arrows,

piercing the twilight with their murmuring barbs.

anashuya. see how the sacred old flamingoes come,

painting with shadow all the marble steps:

aged and wise, they seek their wonted perches

within the temple, devious walking, made

to wander by their melancholy minds.

yon tall one eyes my supper; chase him away,

far, far away. i named him after you.

he is a famous fisher; hour by hour

he ruffles with his bill the minnowed streams.

ah! there he snaps my rice. i told you so.

now cuff him off. he’s off! a kiss for you,

because you saved my rice. have you no thanks?

vijaya [sings]. sing you of her, o first few stars,

whom brahma, touching with his finger, praises, for you hold

the van of wandering quiet; ere you be too calm and old,

sing, turning in your cars,

sing, till you raise your hands and sigh, and from your car-heads peer,

with all your whirling hair, and drop many an azure tear.

anashuya. what know the pilots of the stars of tears?

vijaya. their faces are all worn, and in their eyes

flashes the fire of sadness, for they see

the icicles that famish all the north,

where men lie frozen in the glimmering snow;

and in the flaming forests cower the lion

and lioness, with all their whimpering cubs;

and, ever pacing on the verge of things,

the phantom, beauty, in a mist of tears;

while we alone have round us woven woods,

and feel the softness of each other’s hand,

amrita, while—

anashuya [going away from him].

ah me! you love another,

[bursting into tears.]

and may some sudden dreadful ill befall her!

vijaya. i loved another; now i love no other.

among the mouldering of ancient woods

you live, and on the village border she,

with her old father the blind wood-cutter;

i saw her standing in her door but now.

anashuya. vijaya, swear to love her never more.

vijaya. ay, ay.

anashuya. swear by the parents of the gods,

dread oath, who dwell on sacred himalay,

on the far golden peak; enormous shapes,

who still were old when the great sea was young;

on their vast faces mystery and dreams;

their hair along the mountains rolled and filled

from year to year by the unnumbered nests

of aweless birds, and round their stirless feet

the joyous flocks of deer and antelope,

who never hear the unforgiving hound.

swear!

vijaya. by the parents of the gods, i swear.

anashuya [sings]. i have forgiven, o new star!

maybe you have not heard of us, you have come forth so newly,

you hunter of the fields afar!

ah, you will know my loved one by his hunter’s arrows truly,

shoot on him shafts of quietness, that he may ever keep

a lonely laughter, and may kiss his hands to me in sleep.

farewell, vijaya. nay, no word, no word;

i, priestess of this temple, offer up

prayers for the land.

[vijaya goes.]

o brahma, guard in sleep

the merry lambs and the complacent kine,

the flies below the leaves, and the young mice

in the tree roots, and all the sacred flocks

of red flamingoes; and my love, vijaya;

and may no restless fay with fidget finger

trouble his sleeping: give him dreams of me.





5

the indian upon god


i passed along the water’s edge below the humid trees,

my spirit rocked in evening light, the rushes round my knees,

my spirit rocked in sleep and sighs; and saw the moorfowl pace

all dripping on a grassy slope, and saw them cease to chase

each other round in circles, and heard the eldest speak:

who holds the world between his bill and made us strong or weak

is an undying moorfowl, and he lives beyond the sky.

the rains are from his dripping wing, the moonbeams from his eye.

i passed a little further on and heard a lotus talk:

who made the world and ruleth it, he hangeth on a stalk,

for i am in his image made, and all this tinkling tide

is but a sliding drop of rain between his petals wide.

a little way within the gloom a roebuck raised his eyes

brimful of starlight, and he said: the stamper of the skies,

he is a gentle roebuck; for how else, i pray, could he

conceive a thing so sad and soft, a gentle thing like me? i passed a little further on and heard a peacock say:

who made the grass and made the worms and made my feathers gay,

he is a monstrous peacock, and he waveth all the night

his languid tail above us, lit with myriad spots of light.





6

the indian to his love


the island dreams under the dawn

and great boughs drop tranquillity;

the peahens dance on a smooth lawn,

a parrot sways upon a tree,

raging at his own image in the enamelled sea.

here we will moor our lonely ship

and wander ever with woven hands,

murmuring softly lip to lip,

along the grass, along the sands,

murmuring how far away are the unquiet lands:

how we alone of mortals are

hid under quiet boughs apart,

while our love grows an indian star,

a meteor of the burning heart,

one with the tide that gleams, the wings that gleam and dart,

the heavy boughs, the burnished dove

that moans and sighs a hundred days:

how when we die our shades will rove,

when eve has hushed the feathered ways,

with vapoury footsole by the water’s drowsy blaze.





7

the falling of the leaves


autumn is over the long leaves that love us,

and over the mice in the barley sheaves;

yellow the leaves of the rowan above us,

and yellow the wet wild-strawberry leaves.

the hour of the waning of love has beset us,

and weary and worn are our sad souls now;

let us part, ere the season of passion forget us,

with a kiss and a tear on thy drooping brow.





8

ephemera


‘your eyes that once were never weary of mine

are bowed in sorrow under pendulous lids,

because our love is waning.’

and then she:

‘although our love is waning, let us stand

by the lone border of the lake once more,

together in that hour of gentleness

when the poor tired child, passion, falls asleep:

how far away the stars seem, and how far

is our first kiss, and ah, how old my heart!’

pensive they paced along the faded leaves, 10

while slowly he whose hand held hers replied:

‘passion has often worn our wandering hearts.’

the woods were round them, and the yellow leaves

fell like faint meteors in the gloom, and once

a rabbit old and lame limped down the path;

autumn was over him: and now they stood

on the lone border of the lake once more:

turning, he saw that she had thrust dead leaves

gathered in silence, dewy as her eyes,

in bosom and hair.

‘ah, do not mourn,’ he said,

‘that we are tired, for other loves await us;

hate on and love through unrepining hours.

before us lies eternity; our souls

are love, and a continual farewell.’





9

the madness of king goll


i sat on cushioned otter-skin:

my word was law from ith to emain,

and shook at invar amargin

the hearts of the world-troubling seamen,

and drove tumult and war away

from girl and boy and man and beast;

the fields grew fatter day by day,

the wild fowl of the air increased;

and every ancient ollave said,

while he bent down his fading head,

‘he drives away the northern cold.’

they will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.

i sat and mused and drank sweet wine;

a herdsman came from inland valleys,

crying, the pirates drove his swine

to fill their dark-beaked hollow galleys.

i called my battle-breaking men

and my loud brazen battle-cars

from rolling vale and rivery glen;

and under the blinking of the stars

fell on the pirates by the deep,

and hurled them in the gulph of sleep:

these hands won many a torque of gold.

they will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.

but slowly, as i shouting slew

and trampled in the bubbling mire,

in my most secret spirit grew

a whirling and a wandering fire:

i stood: keen stars above me shone,

around me shone keen eyes of men:

i laughed aloud and hurried on by rocky shore and rushy fen;

i laughed because birds fluttered by,

and starlight gleamed, and clouds flew high,

and rushes waved and waters rolled.

they will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.

and now i wander in the woods

when summer gluts the golden bees,

or in autumnal solitudes

arise the leopard-coloured trees;

or when along the wintry strands

the cormorants shiver on their rocks;

i wander on, and wave my hands,

and sing, and shake my heavy locks.

the grey wolf knows me; by one ear

i lead along the woodland deer;

the hares run by me growing bold.

they will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.

i came upon a little town

that slumbered in the harvest moon,

and passed a-tiptoe up and down,

murmuring, to a fitful tune,

how i have followed, night and day,

a tramping of tremendous feet,

and saw where this old tympan lay

deserted on a doorway seat,

and bore it to the woods with me;

of some inhuman misery

our married voices wildly trolled.

they will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, thebeech leaves old.

i sang how, when day’s toil is done,

orchil shakes out her long dark hair

that hides away the dying sun

and sheds faint odours through the air: when my hand passed from wire to wire

it quenched, with sound like falling dew,

the whirling and the wandering fire;

but lift a mournful ulalu,

for the kind wires are torn and still,

and i must wander wood and hill

through summer’s heat and winter’s cold.

they will not hush, the leaves a-flutter round me, the beech leaves old.





10

the stolen child


where dips the rocky highland of sleuth wood in the lake,

there lies a leafy island

where flapping herons wake

the drowsy water-rats;

there we’ve hid our faery vats,

full of berries

and of reddest stolen cherries.

come away, o human child!

to the waters and the wild

with a faery, hand in hand,

for the world’s more full of weeping than you can understand.

where the wave of moonlight glosses

the dim grey sands with light,

far off by furthest rosses

we foot it all the night,

weaving olden dances,

mingling hands and mingling glances

till the moon has taken flight;

to and fro we leap

and chase the frothy bubbles,

while the world is full of troubles

and is anxious in its sleep.

come away, o human child!

to the waters and the wild

with a faery, hand in hand,

for the world’s more full of weeping than you can understand.

where the wandering water gushes

from the hills above glen-car,

in pools among the rushes

that scarce could bathe a star,

we seek for slumbering trout

and whispering in their ears

give them unquiet dreams;

leaning softly out

from ferns that drop their tears

over the young streams.

come away, o human child!

to the waters and the wild

with a faery, hand in hand,

for the world’s more full of weeping than you can understand.

away with us he’s going,

the solemn-eyed:

he’ll hear no more the lowing

of the calves on the warm hillside

or the kettle on the hob

sing peace into his breast,

or see the brown mice bob

round and round the oatmeal-chest.

for he comes, the human child,

to the waters and the wild

with a faery, hand in hand,

from a world more full of weeping than he can understand.





11

to an isle in the water


shy one, shy one,

shy one of my heart,

she moves in the firelight

pensively apart.

she carries in the dishes,

and lays them in a row.

to an isle in the water

with her would i go.

she carries in the candles,

and lights the curtained room,

shy in the doorway

and shy in the gloom;

and shy as a rabbit,

helpful and shy.

to an isle in the water

with her would i fly.





12

down by the salley gardens


down by the salley gardens my love and i did meet;

she passed the salley gardens with little snow-white feet.

she bid me take love easy, as the leaves grow on the tree;

but i, being young and foolish, with her would not agree.

in a field by the river my love and i did stand,

and on my leaning shoulder she laid her snow-white hand.

she bid me take life easy, as the grass grows on the weirs;

but i was young and foolish, and now am full of tears.





13

the meditation of the old fisherman


you waves, though you dance by my feet like children at play,

though you glow and you glance, though you purr and you dart;

in the junes that were warmer than these are, the waves were more gay,

when i was a boy with never a crack in my heart.

the herring are not in the tides as they were of old;

my sorrow! for many a creak gave the creel in the cart

that carried the take: to sligo town to be sold,

when i was a boy with never a crack in my heart.

and ah, you proud maiden, you are not so fair when his oar

is heard on the water, as they were, the proud and

apart,

who paced in the eve by the nets on the pebbly shore,

when i was a boy with never a crack in my heart.





14

the ballad of father o’hart


good father john o’hart

in penal days rode out

to a shoneen who had free lands

and his own snipe and trout.

in trust took he john’s lands;

sleiveens were all his race;

and he gave them as dowers to his daughters,

and they married beyond their place.

but father john went up,

and father john went down; and he wore small holes in his shoes,

and he wore large holes in his gown.

all loved him, only the shoneen,

whom the devils have by the hair,

from the wives, and the cats, and the children,

to the birds in the white of the air.

the birds, for he opened their cages

as he went up and down;

and he said with a smile, ‘have peace now’;

and he went his way with a frown.

but if when anyone died

came keeners hoarser than rooks,

he bade them give over their keening;

for he was a man of books.

and these were the works of john,

when, weeping score by score,

people came into coloony;

for he’d died at ninety-four.

there was no human keening;

the birds from knocknarea

and the world round knocknashee

came keening in that day.

the young birds and old birds

came flying, heavy and sad;

keening in from tiraragh,

keening from ballinafad;

keening from inishmurray,

nor stayed for bite or sup;

this way were all reproved

who dig old customs up.





15

the ballad of moll magee


come round me, little childer;

there, don’t fling stones at me

because i mutter as i go;

but pity moll magee.

my man was a poor fisher

with shore lines in the say;

my work was saltin’ herrings

the whole of the long day.

and sometimes from the saltin’ shed

i scarce could drag my feet,

under the blessed moonlight,

along the pebbly street.

i’d always been but weakly,

and my baby was just born;

a neighbour minded her by day,

i minded her till morn.

i lay upon my baby;

ye little childer dear,

i looked on my cold baby

when the morn grew frosty and clear.

a weary woman sleeps so hard!

my man grew red and pale,

and gave me money, and bade me go

to my own place, kinsale.

he drove me out and shut the door,

and gave his curse to me;

i went away in silence,

no neighbour could i see.

the windows and the doors were shut,

one star shone faint and green, the little straws were turnin’ round

across the bare boreen.

i went away in silence:

beyond old martin’s byre

i saw a kindly neighbour

blowin’ her mornin’ fire.

she drew from me my story—

my money’s all used up,

and still, with pityin’, scornin’ eye,

she gives me bite and sup.

she says my man will surely come,

and fetch me home agin;

but always, as i’m movin’ round,

without doors or within,

pilin’ the wood or pilin’ the turf,

or goin’ to the well,

i’m thinkin’ of my baby

and keenin’ to mysel’.

and sometimes i am sure she knows

when, openin’ wide his door,

god lights the stars, his candles,

and looks upon the poor.

so now, ye little childer,

ye won’t fling stones at me;

but gather with your shinin’ looks

and pity moll magee.





16

the ballad of the foxhunter


‘lay me in a cushioned chair;

carry me, ye four,

with cushions here and cushions there,

to see the world once more.

‘to stable and to kennel go;

bring what is there to bring;

lead my lollard to and fro,

or gently in a ring.

‘put the chair upon the grass:

bring rody and his hounds,

that i may contented pass

from these earthly bounds.’

his eyelids droop, his head falls low,

his old eyes cloud with dreams;

the sun upon all things that grow

falls in sleepy streams.

brown lollard treads upon the lawn,

and to the armchair goes,

and now the old man’s dreams are gone,

he smooths the long brown nose.

and now moves many a pleasant tongue

upon his wasted hands,

for leading aged hounds and young

the huntsman near him stands.

‘huntsman rody, blow the horn,

make the hills reply.’

the huntsman loosens on the morn

a gay wandering cry.

fire is in the old man’s eyes,

his fingers move and sway,

and when the wandering music dies

they hear him feebly say,

‘huntsman rody, blow the horn,

make the hills reply.’

‘i cannot blow upon my horn,

i can but weep and sigh.’

servants round his cushioned place

are with new sorrow wrung; hounds are gazing on his face,

aged hounds and young.

one blind hound only lies apart

on the sun-smitten grass;

he holds deep commune with his heart:

the moments pass and pass;

the blind hound with a mournful din

lifts slow his wintry head;

the servants bear the body in;

the hounds wail for the dead.





the rose 1893


‘sero te amavi, pulchritudo tam antiqua et tam nova! sero te amavi.’

s. augustine

to

lionel johnson

the rose





17

to the rose upon the rood of time


red rose, proud rose, sad rose of all my days!

come near me, while i sing the ancient ways:

cuchulain battling with the bitter tide;

the druid, grey, wood-nurtured, quiet-eyed,

who cast round fergus dreams, and ruin untold;

and thine own sadness, whereof stars, grown old

in dancing silver-sandalled on the sea,

sing in their high and lonely melody.

come near, that no more blinded by man’s fate,

i find under the boughs of love and hate,

in all poor foolish things that live a day,

eternal beauty wandering on her way.

come near, come near, come near—ah, leave me still

a little space for the rose-breath to fill!

lest i no more hear common things that crave;

the weak worm hiding down in its small cave,

the field-mouse running by me in the grass,

and heavy mortal hopes that toil and pass;

but seek alone to hear the strange things said

by god to the bright hearts of those long dead,

and learn to chaunt a tongue men do not know.

come near; i would, before my time to go,

sing of old eire and the ancient ways:

red rose, proud rose, sad rose of all my days.





18

fergus and the druid


fergus. this whole day have i followed in the rocks,

and you have changed and flowed from shape to

shape,

first as a raven on whose ancient wings

scarcely a feather lingered, then you seemed

a weasel moving on from stone to stone,

and now at last you wear a human shape,

a thin grey man half lost in gathering night.

druid. what would you, king of the proud red branch kings?

fergus. this would i say, most wise of living souls:

young subtle conchubar sat close by me

when i gave judgment, and his words were wise,

and what to me was burden without end,

to him seemed easy, so i laid the crown

upon his head to cast away my sorrow.

druid. what would you, king of the proud red branch kings?

fergus. a king and proud! and that is my despair.

i feast amid my people on the hill,

and pace the woods, and drive my chariot-wheels

in the white border of the murmuring sea;

and still i feel the crown upon my head.

druid. what would you, fergus?

fergus. be no more a king

but learn the dreaming wisdom that is yours.

druid. look on my thin grey hair and hollow cheeks

a nd on these hands that may not lift the sword,

this body trembling like a wind-blown reed.

no woman’s loved me, no man sought my help.

fergus. a king is but a foolish labourer

who wastes his blood to be another’s dream.

druid. take, if you must, this little bag of dreams;

unloose the cord, and they will wrap you round.

fergus. i see my life go drifting like a river

from change to change; i have been many things—a

green drop in the surge, a gleam of light

upon a sword, a fir-tree on a hill,

an old slave grinding at a heavy quern,

a king sitting upon a chair of gold—and

all these things were wonderful and great;

but now i have grown nothing, knowing all.

ah! druid, druid, how great webs of sorrow

lay hidden in the small slate-coloured thing!





19

cuchulain’s fight with the sea


a man came slowly from the setting sun,

to emer, raddling raiment in her dun,

and said, ‘i am that swineherd whom you bid

go watch the road between the wood and tide,

but now i have no need to watch it more.’

then emer cast the web upon the floor,

and raising arms all raddled with the dye,

parted her lips with a loud sudden cry.

that swineherd stared upon her face and said,

‘no man alive, no man among the dead,

has won the gold his cars of battle bring.’

‘but if your master comes home triumphing

why must you blench and shake from foot to crown?’

thereon he shook the more and cast him down

upon the web-heaped floor, and cried his word:

‘with him is one sweet-throated like a bird.’

‘you dare me to my face,’ and thereupon

she smote with raddled fist, and where her son

herded the cattle came with stumbling feet,

and cried with angry voice, ‘it is not meet

to idle life away, a common herd.’

‘i have long waited, mother, for that word:

but wherefore now?’

‘there is a man to die;

you have the heaviest arm under the sky.’

‘whether under its daylight or its stars

my father stands amid his battle-cars.’

‘but you have grown to be the taller man.’

‘yet somewhere under starlight or the sun

my father stands.’

‘aged, worn out with wars

on foot, on horseback or in battle-cars.’

‘i only ask what way my journey lies,

for he who made you bitter made you wise.’

‘the red branch camp in a great company

between wood’s rim and the horses of the sea.

go there, and light a camp-fire at wood’s rim;

but tell your name and lineage to him

whose blade compels, and wait till they have found

some feasting man that the same oath has bound.’

among those feasting men cuchulain dwelt,

and his young sweetheart close beside him knelt,

stared on the mournful wonder of his eyes,

even as spring upon the ancient skies,

and pondered on the glory of his days;

and all around the harp-string told his praise,

and conchubar, the red branch king of kings,

with his own fingers touched the brazen strings.

at last cuchulain spake, ‘some man has made

his evening fire amid the leafy shade.

i have often heard him singing to and fro,

i have often heard the sweet sound of his bow.

seek out what man he is.’

one went and came.

‘he bade me let all know he gives his name

at the sword-point, and waits till we have found

some feasting man that the same oath has bound.’

cuchulain cried, ‘i am the only man

of all this host so bound from childhood on.’

after short fighting in the leafy shade,

he spake to the young man, ‘is there no maid

who loves you, no white arms to wrap you round,

or do you long for the dim sleepy ground,

that you have corne and dared me to my face?’

‘the dooms of men are in god’s hidden place.’

‘your head a while seemed like a woman’s head

that i loved once’

again the fighting sped,

but now the war-rage in cuchulain woke,

and through that new blade’s guard the old blade

broke,

and pierced him.

‘speak before your breath is done.’

‘cuchulain i, mighty cuchulain’s son.’

‘i put you from your pain. i can no more.’

while day its burden on to evening bore,

with head bowed on his knees cuchulain stayed;

then conchubar sent that sweet-throated maid,

and she, to win him, his grey hair caressed;

in vain her arms, in vain her soft white breast.

then conchubar, the subtlest of all men,

ranking his druids round him ten by ten, spake thus: ‘cuchulain will dwell there and brood

for three days more in dreadful quietude,

and then arise, and raving slay us all.



chaunt in his ear delusions magical,

that he may fight the horses of the sea.’

the druids took them to their mystery,

and chaunted for three days.

cuchulain stirred,

stared on the horses of the sea, and heard

the cars of battle and his own name cried;

and fought with the invulnerable tide.





20

the rose of the world


who dreamed that beauty passes like a dream?

for these red lips, with all their mournful pride,

mournful that no new wonder may betide,

troy passed away in one high funeral gleam,

and usna’s children died.

we and the labouring world are passing by:

amid men’s souls, that waver and give place

like the pale waters in their wintry race,

under the passing stars, foam of the sky,

lives on this lonely face.

bow down, archangels, in your dim abode:

before you were, or any hearts to beat,

weary and kind one lingered by his seat;

he made the world to be a grassy road

before her wandering feet.





21

the rose of peace


if michael, leader of god’s host

when heaven and hell are met, looked down on you from heaven’s door-post

he would his deeds forget.

brooding no more upon god’s wars

in his divine homestead,

he would go weave out of the stars

a chaplet for your head.

and all folk seeing him bow down,

and white stars tell your praise,

would come at last to god’s great town,

led on by gentle ways;

and god would bid his warfare cease,

saying all things were well;

and softly make a rosy peace,

a peace of heaven with hell.





22

the rose of battle


rose of all roses, rose of all the world!

the tall thought-woven sails, that flap unfurled

above the tide of hours, trouble the air,

and god’s bell buoyed to be the water’s care;

while hushed from fear, or loud with hope, a band

with blown, spray-dabbled hair gather at hand.

turn if you may from battles never done,

i call, as they go by me one by one,

danger no refuge holds, and war no peace,

for him who hears love sing and never cease,

beside her clean-swept hearth, her quiet shade:

but gather all for whom no love hath made

a woven silence, or but came to cast

a song into the air, and singing passed

to smile on the pale dawn; and gather you

who have sought more than is in rain or dew,

or in the sun and moon, or on the earth,

or sighs amid the wandering, starry mirth, or comes in laughter from the sea’s sad lips,

and wage god’s battles in the long grey ships.

the sad, the lonely, the insatiable,

to these old night shall all her mystery tell;

god’s bell has claimed them by the little cry

of their sad hearts, that may not live nor die.

rose of all roses, rose of all the world! you, too, have come where the dim tides are hurled

upon the wharves of sorrow, and heard ring

the bell that calls us on; the sweet far thing.

beauty grown sad with its eternity

made you of us, and of the dim grey sea.

our long ships loose thought-woven sails and wait,

for god has bid them share an equal fate;

and when at last, defeated in his wars,

they have gone down under the same white stars,

we shall no longer hear the little cry

of our sad hearts, that may not live nor die.





23

a faery song


sung by the people of faery over diarmuid and grania, in their bridal sleep under a cromlech.

we who are old, old and gay,

o so old!

thousands of years, thousands of years,

if all were told:

give to these children, new from the world,

silence and love;

and the long dew-dropping hours of the night,

and the stars above:

give to these children, new from the world,

rest far from men.

is anything better, anything better?

tell us it then:

us who are old, old and gay,

o so old!

thousands of years, thousands of years,

if all were told.





24

the lake isle of innisfree


i will arise and go now, and go to innisfree,

and a small cabin build there, of clay and wattles made:

nine bean-rows will i have there, a hive for the honey-bee,

and live alone in the bee-loud glade.

and i shall have some peace there, for peace comes dropping slow,

dropping from the veils of the morning to where the cricket sings;

there midnight’s all a glimmer, and noon a purple glow,

and evening full of the linnet’s wings.

i will arise and go now, for always night and day

i hear lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore;

while i stand on the roadway, or on the pavements grey,

i hear it in the deep heart’s core.





25

a cradle song


the angels are stooping

above your bed;

they weary of trooping

with the whimpering dead.

god’s laughing in heaven

to see you so good;

the sailing seven

are gay with his mood.

i sigh that kiss you,

for i must own

that i shall miss you

when you have grown.





26

the pity of love


a pity beyond all telling

is hid in the heart of love:

the folk who are buying and selling,

the clouds on their journey above,

the cold wet winds ever blowing,

and the shadowy hazel grove

where mouse-grey waters are flowing,

threaten the head that i love.





27

the sorrow of love


the brawling of a sparrow in the eaves,

the brilliant moon and all the milky sky,

and all that famous harmony of leaves,

had blotted out man’s image and his cry.

a girl arose that had red mournful lips

and seemed the greatness of the world in tears,

doomed like odysseus and the labouring ships

and proud as priam murdered with his peers;

arose, and on the instant clamorous eaves,

a climbing moon upon an empty sky,

and all that lamentation of the leaves,

could but compose man’s image and his cry.





28

when you are old


when you are old and grey and full of sleep,

and nodding by the fire, take down this book,

and slowly read, and dream of the soft look

your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep;

how many loved your moments of glad grace,

and loved your beauty with love false or true,

but one man loved the pilgrim soul in you,

and loved the sorrows of your changing face;

and bending down beside the glowing bars,

murmur, a little sadly, how love fled

and paced upon the mountains overhead

and hid his face amid a crowd of stars.





29

the white birds


i would that we were, my beloved, white birds on the foam of the sea!

we tire of the flame of the meteor, before it can fade and flee;

and the flame of the blue star of twilight, hung low on the rim of the sky,

has awaked in our hearts, my beloved, a sadness that may not die.

a weariness comes from those dreamers, dew-dabbled, the lily and rose;

ah, dream not of them, my beloved, the flame of the meteor that goes,

or the flame of the blue star that lingers hung low in the fall of the dew:

for i would we were changed to white birds on the wandering foam: i and you!

i am haunted by numberless islands, and many a danaan shore,

where time would surely forget us, and sorrow come

near us no more;

soon far from the rose and the lily and fret of the flames would we be,

were we only white birds, my beloved, buoyed out on the foam of the sea!





30

a dream of death


i dreamed that one had died in a strange place

near no accustomed hand;

and they had nailed the boards above her face,

the peasants of that land,

wondering to lay her in that solitude,

and raised above her mound

a cross they had made out of two bits of wood,

and planted cypress round;

and left her to the indifferent stars above

until i carved these words:

she was more beautiful than thy first love,

but now lies under boards.





31

the countess cathleen in paradise


all the heavy days are over;

leave the body’s coloured pride

underneath the grass and clover.

with the feet laid side by side.

bathed in flaming founts of duty

she’ll not ask a haughty dress;

carry all that mournful beauty

to the scented oaken press.

did the kiss of mother mary

put that music in her face?

yet she goes with footstep wary,

full of earth’s old timid grace.

‘mong the feet of angels seven

what a dancer, glimmering!

all the heavens bow down to heaven,

flame to flame and wing to wing.





32

who goes with fergus?


who will go drive with fergus now,

and pierce the deep wood’s woven shade,

and dance upon the level shore?

young man, lift up your russet brow,

and lift your tender eyelids, maid,

and brood on hopes and fear no more.

and no more turn aside and brood

upon love’s bitter mystery;

for fergus rules the brazen cars,

and rules the shadows of the wood,

and the white breast of the dim sea

and all dishevelled wandering stars.





33

the man who dreamed of faeryland


he stood among a crowd at drumahair;

his heart hung all upon a silken dress,

and he had known at last some tenderness,

before earth took him to her stony care;

but when a man poured fish into a pile,

it seemed they raised their little silver heads,

and sang what gold morning or evening sheds

upon a woven world-forgotten isle where people love beside the ravelled seas;

that time can never mar a lover’s vows

under that woven changeless roof of boughs:

the singing shook him out of his new ease.

he wandered by the sands of lissadell;

his mind ran all on money cares and fears,

and he had known at last some prudent years

before they heaped his grave under the hill;

but while he passed before a plashy place,

a lug-worm with its grey and muddy mouth

sang that somewhere to north or west or south

there dwelt a gay, exulting, gentle race

under the golden or the silver skies;

that if a dancer stayed his hungry foot

it seemed the sun and moon were in the fruit:

and at that singing he was no more wise.

he mused beside the well of scanavin,

he mused upon his mockers: without fail

his sudden vengeance were a country tale,

when earthy night had drunk his body in;

but one small knot—grass growing by the pool

sang where—unnecessary cruel voice—

old silence bids its chosen race rejoice,

whatever ravelled waters rise and fall

or stormy silver fret the gold of day,

and midnight there enfold them like a fleece

and lover there by lover be at peace.

the tale drove his fine angry mood away.

he slept under the hill of lugnagall;

and might have known at last unhaunted sleep

under that cold and vapour-turbaned steep,

now that the earth had taken man and all:

did not the worms that spired about his bones

proclaim with that unwearied, reedy cry

that god has laid his fingers on the sky,

that from those fingers glittering summer runs upon the dancer by the dreamless wave.

why should those lovers that no lovers miss

dream, until god burn nature with a kiss?

the man has found no comfort in the grave.





34

the dedication to a book of stories selected from the irish novelists


there was a green branch hung with many a bell

when her own people ruled this tragic eire;

and from its murmuring greenness, calm of faery,

a druid kindness, on all hearers fell.

it charmed away the merchant from his guile,

and turned the farmer’s memory from his cattle,

and hushed in sleep the roaring ranks of battle:

and all grew friendly for a little while.

ah, exiles wandering over lands and seas,

and planning, plotting always that some morrow

may set a stone upon ancestral sorrow!

i also bear a bell-branch full of ease.

i tore it from green boughs winds tore and tossed

until the sap of summer had grown weary!

i tore it from the barren boughs of eire,

that country where a man can be so crossed;

can be so battered, badgered and destroyed

that he’s a loveless man: gay bells bring laughter

that shakes a mouldering cobweb from the rafter;

and yet the saddest chimes are best enjoyed.

gay bells or sad, they bring you memories

of half-forgotten innocent old places:

we and our bitterness have left no traces

on munster grass and connemara skies.





35

the lamentation of the old pensioner


although i shelter from the rain

under a broken tree,

my chair was nearest to the fire

in every company

that talked of love or politics,

ere time transfigured me.

though lads are making pikes again

for some conspiracy,

and crazy rascals rage their fill

at human tyranny;

my contemplations are of time

that has transfigured me.

there’s not a woman turns her face

upon a broken tree,

and yet the beauties that i loved

are in my memory;

i spit into the face of time

that has transfigured me.





36

the ballad of father gilligan


the old priest peter gilligan

was weary night and day;

for half his flock were in their beds,

or under green sods lay.

once, while he nodded on a chair,

at the moth-hour of eve,

another poor man sent for him,

and he began to grieve.

‘i have no rest, nor joy, nor peace,

for people die and die’;

and after cried he, ‘god forgive!

my body spake, not i!’

he knelt, and leaning on the chair

he prayed and fell asleep;

and the moth-hour went from the fields,

and stars began to peep.

they slowly into millions grew,

and leaves shook in the wind;

and god covered the world with shade,

and whispered to mankind.



upon the time of sparrow-chirp

when the moths came once more,

the old priest peter gilligan

stood upright on the floor.

‘mavrone, mavrone! the man has died

while i slept on the chair’;

he roused his horse out of its sleep,

and rode with little care.

he rode now as he never rode,

by rocky lane and fen;

the sick man’s wife opened the door:

‘father! you come again!’



‘and is the poor man dead?’ he cried.

‘he died an hour ago.’

the old priest peter gilligan

in grief swayed to and fro.

‘when you were gone, he turned and died

as merry as a bird.’

the old priest peter gilligan

he knelt him at that word.

‘he who hath made the night of stars

for souls who tire and bleed,

sent one of his great angels down

to help me in my need.

‘he who is wrapped in purple robes,

with planets in his care,

had pity on the least of things

asleep upon a chair.’





37

the two trees


beloved, gaze in thine own heart,

the holy tree is growing there;

from joy the holy branches start,

and all the trembling flowers they bear.

the changing colours of its fruit

have dowered the stars with merry light;

the surety of its hidden root

has planted quiet in the night;

the shaking of its leafy head

has given the waves their melody,

and made my lips and music wed,

murmuring a wizard song for thee.

there the loves a circle go,

the flaming circle of our days,

gyring, spiring to and fro

in those great ignorant leafy ways;

remembering all that shaken hair

and how the winged sandals dart,

thine eyes grow full of tender care:

beloved, gaze in thine own heart.

gaze no more in the bitter glass

the demons, with their subtle guile,

lift up before us when they pass,

or only gaze a little while;

for there a fatal image grows that the stormy night receives,

roots half hidden under snows,

broken boughs and blackened leaves.

for all things turn to barrenness

in the dim glass the demons hold,

the glass of outer weariness,

made when god slept in times of old.

there, through the broken branches, go

the ravens of unresting thought;

flying, crying, to and fro,

cruel claw and hungry throat,

or else they stand and sniff the wind,

and shake their ragged wings; alas!

thy tender eyes grow all unkind:

gaze no more in the bitter glass.





38

to some i have talked with by the fire


while i wrought out these fitful danaan rhymes,

my heart would brim with dreams about the times

when we bent down above the fading coals

and talked of the dark folk who live in souls

of passionate men, like bats in the dead trees;

and of the wayward twilight companies

who sigh with mingled sorrow and content,

because their blossoming dreams have never bent

under the fruit of evil and of good:

and of the embattled flaming multitude

who rise, wing above wing, flame above flame,

and, like a storm, cry the ineffable name,

and with the clashing of their sword-blades make

a rapturous music, till the morning break

and the white hush end all but the loud beat

of their long wings, the flash of their white feet.





39

to ireland in the coming times


know, that i would accounted be

true brother of a company

that sang, to sweeten ireland’s wrong,

ballad and story, rann and song;

nor be i any less of them,

because the red-rose-bordered hem

of her, whose history began

before god made the angelic clan,

trails all about the written page.

when time began to rant and rage

the measure of her flying feet

made ireland’s heart begin to beat;

and time bade all his candles flare

to light a measure here and there;

and may the thoughts of ireland brood

upon a measured quietude.

nor may i less be counted one

with davis, mangan, ferguson,

because, to him who ponders well,

my rhymes more than their rhyming tell

of things discovered in the deep,

where only body’s laid asleep.

for the elemental creatures go

about my table to and fro,

that hurry from unmeasured mind

to rant and rage in flood and wind;

yet he who treads in measured ways

may surely barter gaze for gaze.

man ever journeys on with them

after the red-rose-bordered hem.

ah, faeries, dancing under the moon,

a druid land, a druid tune!

while still i may, i write for you

the love i lived, the dream i knew.

from our birthday, until we die,

is but the winking of an eye;

and we, our singing and our love,

what measurer time has lit above,

and all benighted things that go

about my table to and fro,

are passing on to where may be,

in truth’s consuming ecstasy,

no place for love and dream at all;

for god goes by with white footfall.

i cast my heart into my rhymes,

that you, in the dim coming times,

may know how my heart went with them

after the red-rose-bordered hem.





the wind among the reeds 1899


the wind among the reeds





40

the hosting of the sidhe


the host is riding from knocknarea

and over the grave of clooth-na-bare;

caoilte tossing his burning hair,

and niamh calling away, come away:

empty your heart of its mortal dream.

the winds awaken, the leaves whirl round,

our cheeks are pale, our hair is unbound,

our breasts are heaving, our eyes are agleam,

our arms are waving, our lips are apart;

and if any gaze on our rushing band,

we come between him and the deed of his hand,

we come between him and the hope of his heart.

the host is rushing ’twixt night and day,

and where is there hope or deed as fair?

caoilte tossing his burning hair,

and niamh calling away, come away.





41

the everlasting voices


o sweet everlasting voices, be still;

go to the guards of the heavenly fold

and bid them wander obeying your will,

flame under flame, till time be no more;

have you not heard that our hearts are old,

that you call in birds, in wind on the hill,

in shaken boughs, in tide on the shore?

o sweet everlasting voices, be still.





42

the moods


time drops in decay,

like a candle burnt out,

and the mountains and woods

have their day, have their day;

what one in the rout

of the fire-born moods

has fallen away?





43

the lover tells of the rose in his heart


all things uncomely and broken, all things worn out and old,

the cry of a child by the roadway, the creak of a lumbering cart,

the heavy steps of the ploughman, splashing the wintry mould,

are wronging your image that blossoms a rose in the deeps of my heart.

the wrong of unshapely things is a wrong too great to be told;

i hunger to build them anew and sit on a green knoll apart,

with the earth and the sky and the water, re-made, like a casket of gold

for my dreams of your image that blossoms a rose in the deeps of my heart.





44

the host of the air


o’driscoll drove with a song

the wild duck and the drake from the tall and the tufted reeds

of the drear hart lake.

and he saw how the reeds grew dark

at the coming of night-tide,

and dreamed of the long dim hair

of bridget his bride.

he heard while he sang and dreamed

a piper piping away,

and never was piping so sad,

and never was piping so gay.

and he saw young men and young girls

who danced on a level place,

and bridget his bride among them,

with a sad and a gay face.

the dancers crowded about him

and many a sweet thing said,

and a young man brought him red wine

and a young girl white bread.

but bridget drew him by the sleeve

away from the merry bands,

to old men playing at cards

with a twinkling of ancient hands.

the bread and the wine had a doom,

for these were the host of the air;

he sat and played in a dream

of her long dim hair.

he played with the merry old men

and thought not of evil chance,

until one bore bridget his bride

away from the merry dance.

he bore her away in his arms,

the handsomest young man there,

and his neck and his breast and his arms

were drowned in her long dim hair.

o’driscoll scattered the cards

and out of his dream awoke:

old men and young men and young girls

were gone like a drifting smoke;



but he heard high up in the air

a piper piping away,

and never was piping so sad,

and never was piping so gay.





45

the fish


although you hide in the ebb and flow

of the pale tide when the moon has set,

the people of coming days will know

about the casting out of my net,

and how you have leaped times out of mind

over the little silver cords,

and think that you were hard and unkind,

and blame you with many bitter words.





46

the unappeasable host


the danaan children laugh, in cradles of wrought gold,

and clap their hands together, and half close their eyes,

for they will ride the north when the ger-eagle flies,

with heavy whitening wings, and a heart fallen cold.

i kiss my wailing child and press it to my breast,

and hear the narrow graves calling my child and me.

desolate winds that cry over the wandering sea;

desolate winds that hover in the flaming west;

desolate winds that beat the doors of heaven, and beat

the doors of hell and blow there many a whimpering ghost;

o heart the winds have shaken, the unappeasable host

is comelier than candles at mother mary’s feet.





47

into the twilight


out-worn heart, in a time out-worn,

come clear of the nets of wrong and right;

laugh, heart, again in the grey twilight,

sigh, heart, again in the dew of the morn.

your mother eire is always young,

dew ever shining and twilight grey;

though hope fall from you and love decay,

burning in fires of a slanderous tongue.

come, heart, where hill is heaped upon hill:

for there the mystical brotherhood

of sun and moon and hollow and wood

and river and stream work out their will;

and god stands winding his lonely horn,

and time and the world are ever in flight;

and love is less kind than the grey twilight,

and hope is less dear than the dew of the morn.





48

the song of wandering aengus


i went out to the hazel wood,

because a fire was in my head,

and cut and peeled a hazel wand,

and hooked a berry to a thread;

and when white moths were on the wing,

and moth-like stars were flickering out,

i dropped the berry in a stream

and caught a little silver trout.

when i had laid it on the floor

i went to blow the fire aflame,

but something rustled on the floor,

and some one called me by my name:

it had become a glimmering girl

with apple blossom in her hair

who called me by my name and ran

and faded through the brightening air.

though i am old with wandering

through hollow lands and hilly lands,

i will find out where she has gone,

and kiss her lips and take her hands;

and walk among long dappled grass,

and pluck till time and times are done

the silver apples of the moon,

the golden apples of the sun.





49

the song of the old mother


i rise in the dawn, and i kneel and blow

till the seed of the fire flicker and glow;

and then i must scrub and bake and sweep

till stars are beginning to blink and peep;

and the young lie long and dream in their bed

of the matching of ribbons for bosom and head,

and their day goes over in idleness,

and they sigh if the wind but lift a tress:

while i must work because i am old,

and the seed of the fire gets feeble and cold.





50

the heart of the woman


o what to me the little room

that was brimmed up with prayer and rest;

he bade me out into the gloom,

and my breast lies upon his breast.

o what to me my mother’s care,

the house where i was safe and warm; the shadowy blossom of my hair

will hide us from the bitter storm.

o hiding hair and dewy eyes,

i am no more with life and death,

my heart upon his warm heart lies,

my breath is mixed into his breath.





51

the lover mourns for the loss of love


pale brows, still hands and dim hair,

i had a beautiful friend

and dreamed that the old despair

would end in love in the end:

she looked in my heart one day

and saw your image was there;

she has gone weeping away.





52

he mourns for the change that has come upon him and his beloved, and longs for the end of the world


do you not hear me calling, white deer with no horns?

i have been changed to a hound with one red ear;

i have been in the path of stones and the wood of thorns,

for somebody hid hatred and hope and desire and fear

under my feet that they follow you night and day.

a man with a hazel wand came without sound;

he changed me suddenly; i was looking another way;

and now my calling is but the calling of a hound;

and time and birth and change are hurrying by.

i would that the boar without bristles had come from the west and had rooted the sun and moon and stars out of the sky

and lay in the darkness, grunting, and turning to his rest.





53

he bids his beloved be at peace


i hear the shadowy horses, their long manes a-shake,

their hoofs heavy with tumult, their eyes glimmering white;

the north unfolds above them clinging, creeping night,

the east her hidden joy before the morning break,

the west weeps in pale dew and sighs passing away,

the south is pouring down roses of crimson fire:

o vanity of sleep, hope, dream, endless desire,

the horses of disaster plunge in the heavy clay:

beloved, let your eyes half close, and your heart beat

over my heart, and your hair fall over my breast,

drowning love’s lonely hour in deep twilight of rest,

and hiding their tossing manes and their tumultuous feet.





54

he reproves the curlew


o curlew, cry no more in the air,

or only to the water in the west;

because your crying brings to my mind

passion-dimmed eyes and long heavy hair

that was shaken out over my breast:

there is enough evil in the crying of wind.





55

he remembers forgotten beauty


when my arms wrap you round i press

my heart upon the loveliness

that has long faded from the world;

the jewelled crowns that kings have hurled

in shadowy pools, when armies fled;

the love-tales wrought with silken thread by dreaming ladies upon cloth

that has made fat the murderous moth;

the roses that of old time were

woven by ladies in their hair,

the dew-cold lilies ladies bore

through many a sacred corridor

where such grey clouds of incense rose

that only god’s eyes did not close:

for that pale breast and lingering hand

come from a more dream-heavy land,

a more dream-heavy hour than this;

and when you sigh from kiss to kiss

i hear white beauty sighing, too,

for hours when all must fade like dew,

but flame on flame, and deep on deep,

throne over throne where in half sleep,

their swords upon their iron knees,

brood her high lonely mysteries.





56

a poet to his beloved


i bring you with reverent hands

the books of my numberless dreams,

white woman that passion has worn

as the tide wears the dove-grey sands,

and with heart more old than the horn

that is brimmed from the pale fire of time:

white woman with numberless dreams,

i bring you my passionate rhyme.





57

he gives his beloved certain rhymes


fasten your hair with a golden pin,

and bind up every wandering tress;

i bade my heart build these poor rhymes:

it worked at them, day out, day in, building a sorrowful loveliness

out of the battles of old times.

you need but lift a pearl-pale hand,

and bind up your long hair and sigh;

and all men’s hearts must burn and beat;

and candle-like foam on the dim sand,

and stars climbing the dew-dropping sky,

live but to light your passing feet.





58

to his heart, bidding it have no fear


be you still, be you still, trembling heart;

remember the wisdom out of the old days:

him who trembles before the flame and the flood,

and the winds that blow through the starry ways,

let the starry winds and the flame and the flood

cover over and hide, for he has no part

with the lonely, majestical multitude.





59

the cap and bells


the jester walked in the garden:

the garden had fallen still;

he bade his soul rise upward

and stand on her window-sill.

it rose in a straight blue garment,

when owls began to call:

it had grown wise-tongued by thinking

of a quiet and light footfall;

but the young queen would not listen;

she rose in her pale night-gown;

she drew in the heavy casement

and pushed the latches down.

he bade his heart go to her,

when the owls called out no more;

in a red and quivering garment

it sang to her through the door.

it had grown sweet-tongued by dreaming

of a flutter of flower-like hair;

but she took up her fan from the table

and waved it off on the air.

‘i have cap and bells,’ he pondered,

‘i will send them to her and die’;

and when the morning whitened

he left them where she went by.

she laid them upon her bosom,

under a cloud of her hair,

and her red lips sang them a love-song

till stars grew out of the air.

she opened her door and her window,

and the heart and the soul came through,

to her right hand came the red one,

to her left hand came the blue.

they set up a noise like crickets,

a chattering wise and sweet,

and her hair was a folded flower

and the quiet of love in her feet.





60

the valley of the black pig


the dews drop slowly and dreams gather: unknown spears

suddenly hurtle before my dream-awakened eyes,

and then the clash of fallen horsemen and the cries

of unknown perishing armies beat about my ears.

we who still labour by the cromlech on the shore,

the grey cairn on the hill, when day sinks drowned in dew,

being weary of the world’s empires, bow down to you,

master of the still stars and of the flaming door.





61

the lover asks forgiveness because of his many moods


if this importunate heart trouble your peace

with words lighter than air,

or hopes that in mere hoping flicker and cease;

crumple the rose in your hair;

and cover your lips with odorous twilight and say,

‘o hearts of wind-blown flame!

o winds, older than changing of night and day,

that murmuring and longing came

from marble cities loud with tabors of old

in dove-grey faery lands;

from battle-banners, fold upon purple fold,

queens wrought with glimmering hands;

that saw young niamh hover with love-lorn face

above the wandering tide;

and lingered in the hidden desolate place

where the last phoenix died,

and wrapped the flames above his holy head;

and still murmur and long:

o piteous hearts, changing till change be dead

in a tumultuous song’:

and cover the pale blossoms of your breast

with your dim heavy hair,

and trouble with a sigh for all things longing for rest

the odorous twilight there.





62

he tells of a valley full of lovers


i dreamed that i stood in a valley, and amid sighs,

for happy lovers passed two by two where i stood;

and i dreamed my lost love came stealthily out of the wood

with her cloud-pale eyelids falling on dream-dimmed eyes:

i cried in my dream, o women, bid the young men lay

their heads on your knees, and drown their eyes with your hair,

or remembering hers they will find no other face fair

till all the valleys of the world have been withered away.





63

he tells of the perfect beauty


o cloud-pale eyelids, dream-dimmed eyes,

the poets labouring all their days

to build a perfect beauty in rhyme

are overthrown by a woman’s gaze

and by the unlabouring brood of the skies:

and therefore my heart will bow, when dew

is dropping sleep, until god burn time,

before the unlabouring stars and you.





64

he hears the cry of the sedge


i wander by the edge

of this desolate lake

where wind cries in the sedge:

until the axle break

that keeps the stars in their round,

and hands hurl in the deep

the banners of east and west,

and the girdle of light is unbound,

your breast will not lie by the breast

of your beloved in sleep.





65

he thinks of those who have spoken evil of his beloved


half close your eyelids, loosen your hair,

and dream about the great and their pride,

they have spoken against you everywhere,

but weigh this song with the great and their pride;

i made it out of a mouthful of air,

their children’s children shall say they have lied.





66

the blessed


cumhal called out, bending his head,

till dathi came and stood,

with a blink in his eyes, at the cave-mouth,

between the wind and the wood.

and cumhal said, bending his knees,

‘i have come by the windy way

to gather the half of your blessedness

and learn to pray when you pray.

‘i can bring you salmon out of the streams

and heron out of the skies.’

but dathi folded his hands and smiled

with the secrets of god in his eyes.

and cumhal saw like a drifting smoke

all manner of blessed souls,

women and children, young men with books,

and old men with croziers and stoles.

‘praise god and god’s mother,’ dathi said,

‘for god and god’s mother have sent

the blessedest souls that walk in the world

to fill your heart with content.’

‘and which is the blessedest,’ cumhal said,

‘where all are comely and good?

is it these that with golden thuribles

are singing about the wood?’

‘my eyes are blinking,’ dathi said,

‘with the secrets of god half blind,

but i can see where the wind goes

and follow the way of the wind;

‘and blessedness goes where the wind goes,

and when it is gone we are dead;

i see the blessedest soul in the world

and he nods a drunken head.

‘o blessedness comes in the night and the day

and whither the wise heart knows;

and one has seen in the redness of wine

the incorruptible rose,

‘that drowsily drops faint leaves on him

and the sweetness of desire,

while time and the world are ebbing away

in twilights of dew and of fire.’





67

the secret rose


far-off, most secret, and inviolate rose,

enfold me in my hour of hours; where those

who sought thee in the holy sepulchre,

or in the wine-vat, dwell beyond the stir

and tumult of defeated dreams; and deep

among pale eyelids, heavy with the sleep

men have named beauty. thy great leaves enfold

the ancient beards, the helms of ruby and gold

of the crowned magi; and the king whose eyes

saw the pierced hands and rood of elder rise

in druid vapour and make the torches dim;

till vain frenzy awoke and he died; and him who met fand walking among flaming dew

by a grey shore where the wind never blew,

and lost the world and emer for a kiss;

and him who drove the gods out of their liss,

and till a hundred morns had flowered red

feasted, and wept the barrows of his dead;

and the proud dreaming king who flung the crown

and sorrow away, and calling bard and clown

dwelt among wine-stained wanderers in deep woods;

and him who sold tillage, and house, and goods,

and sought through lands and islands numberless years,

until he found, with laughter and with tears,

a woman of so shining loveliness

that men threshed corn at midnight by a tress,

a little stolen tress. i, too, await

the hour of thy great wind of love and hate.

when shall the stars be blown about the sky,

like the sparks blown out of a smithy, and die?

surely thine hour has come, thy great wind blows,

far-off, most secret, and inviolate rose?





68

maid quiet


where has maid quiet gone to,

nodding her russet hood?

the winds that awakened the stars

are blowing through my blood.

o how could i be so calm

when she rose up to depart?

now words that called up the lightning

are hurtling through my heart.





69

the travail of passion


when the flaming lute-thronged angelic door is wide;

when an immortal passion breathes in mortal clay; our hearts endure the scourge, the plaited thorns, the way

crowded with bitter faces, the wounds in palm and side,

the vinegar-heavy sponge, the flowers by kedron stream;

we will bend down and loosen our hair over you,

that it may drop faint perfume, and be heavy with dew,

lilies of death-pale hope, roses of passionate dream.





70

the lover pleads with his friend for old friends


though you are in your shining days,

voices among the crowd

and new friends busy with your praise,

be not unkind or proud,

but think about old friends the most:

time’s bitter flood will rise,

your beauty perish and be lost

for all eyes but these eyes.





71

the lover speaks to the hearers of his songs in coming days


o women, kneeling by your altar-rails long hence,

when songs i wove for my beloved hide the prayer,

and smoke from this dead heart drifts through the violet air

and covers away the smoke of myrrh and frankincense;

bend down and pray for all that sin i wove in song,

till the attorney for lost souls cry her sweet cry,

and call to my beloved and me: ‘no longer fly

amid the hovering, piteous, penitential throng.’





72

the poet pleads with the elemental powers


the powers whose name and shape no living creature knows

have pulled the immortal rose;

and though the seven lights bowed in their dance and wept,

the polar dragon slept,

his heavy rings uncoiled from glimmering deep to deep:

when will he wake from sleep?

great powers of falling wave and wind and windy fire,

with your harmonious choir

encircle her i love and sing her into peace,

that my old care may cease;

unfold your flaming wings and cover out of sight

the nets of day and night.

dim powers of drowsy thought, let her no longer be

like the pale cup of the sea,

when winds have gathered and sun and moon burned dim

above its cloudy rim;

but let a gentle silence wrought with music flow

whither her footsteps go.





73

he wishes his beloved were dead


were you but lying cold and dead,

and lights were paling out of the west,

you would come hither, and bend your head,

and i would lay my head on your breast;

and you would murmur tender words,

forgiving me, because you were dead:

nor would you rise and hasten away,

though you have the will of the wild birds, but know your hair was bound and wound

about the stars and moon and sun:

o would, beloved, that you lay

under the dock-leaves in the ground,

while lights were paling one by one.





74

he wishes for the cloths of heaven


had i the heavens’ embroidered cloths,

enwrought with golden and silver light,

the blue and the dim and the dark cloths

of night and light and the half-light,

i would spread the cloths under your feet:

but i, being poor, have only my dreams;

i have spread my dreams under your feet;

tread softly because you tread on my dreams.





75

he thinks of his past greatness when a part of the constellations of heaven


i have drunk ale from the country of the young

and weep because i know all things now:

i have been a hazel-tree, and they hung

the pilot star and the crooked plough

among my leaves in times out of mind:

i became a rush that horses tread:

i became a man, a hater of the wind,

knowing one, out of all things, alone, that his head

may not lie on the breast nor his lips on the hair

of the woman that he loves, until he dies.

o beast of the wilderness, bird of the air,

must i endure your amorous cries?





76

the fiddler of dooney


when i play on my fiddle in dooney,

folk dance like a wave of the sea;

my cousin is priest in kilvarnet,

my brother in mocharabuiee.

i passed my brother and cousin:

they read in their books of prayer;

i read in my book of songs

i bought at the sligo fair.

when we come at the end of time

to peter sitting in state,

he will smile on the three old spirits,

but call me first through the gate;

for the good are always the merry,

save by an evil chance,

and the merry love the fiddle,

and the merry love to dance:

and when the folk there spy me,

they will all come up to me,

with ‘here is the fiddler of dooney!’

and dance like a wave of the sea.





in the seven woods 1904


in the seven woods





77

in the seven woods


i have heard the pigeons of the seven woods

make their faint thunder, and the garden bees

hum in the lime-tree flowers; and put away

the unavailing outcries and the old bitterness

that empty the heart. i have forgot awhile

tara uprooted, and new commonness

upon the throne and crying about the streets

and hanging its paper flowers from post to post,

because it is alone of all things happy.

i am contented, for i know that quiet

wanders laughing and eating her wild heart

among pigeons and bees, while that great archer,

who but awaits his hour to shoot, still hangs

a cloudy quiver over pairc-na-lee.

august 1902





78

the arrow


i thought of your beauty, and this arrow,

made out of a wild thought, is in my marrow.

there’s no man may look upon her, no man,

as when newly grown to be a woman,

tall and noble but with face and bosom

delicate in colour as apple blossom.

this beauty’s kinder, yet for a reason

i could weep that the old is out of season.





79

the folly of being comforted


one that is ever kind said yesterday:

‘your well-beloved’s hair has threads of grey,

and little shadows come about her eyes;

time can but make it easier to be wise

though now it seems impossible, and so

all that you need is patience.’

heart cries, ‘no,

i have not a crumb of comfort, not a grain.

time can but make her beauty over again:

because of that great nobleness of hers

the fire that stirs about her, when she stirs,

burns but more clearly. o she had not these ways

when all the wild summer was in her gaze.’

o heart! o heart! if she’d but turn her head,

you’d know the folly of being comforted.





80

old memory


o thought, fly to her when the end of day

awakens an old memory, and say,

‘your strength, that is so lofty and fierce and kind,

it might call up a new age, calling to mind

the queens that were imagined long ago,

is but half yours: he kneaded in the dough

through the long years of youth, and who would have thought

it all, and more than it all, would come to naught,

and that dear words meant nothing?’ but enough,

for when we have blamed the wind we can blame love;

or, if there needs be more, be nothing said

that would be harsh for children that have strayed.





81

never give all the heart


never give all the heart, for love

will hardly seem worth thinking of

to passionate women if it seem

certain, and they never dream

that it fades out from kiss to kiss;

for everything that’s lovely is

but a brief, dreamy, kind delight.

o never give the heart outright,

for they, for all smooth lips can say,

have given their hearts up to the play.

and who could play it well enough

if deaf and dumb and blind with love?

he that made this knows all the cost,

for he gave all his heart and lost.





82

the withering of the boughs


i cried when the moon was murmuring to the birds:

‘let peewit call and curlew cry where they will,

i long for your merry and tender and pitiful words,

for the roads are unending, and there is no place to my mind.’

the honey-pale moon lay low on the sleepy hill,

and i fell asleep upon lonely echtge of streams.

no boughs have withered because of the wintry wind;

the boughs have withered because i have told them my dreams.

i know of the leafy paths that the witches take

who come with their crowns of pearl and their spindles of wool,

and their secret smile, out of the depths of the lake;

i know where a dim moon drifts, where the danaan kind

wind and unwind dancing when the light grows cool on the island lawns, their feet where the pale foam gleams.

no boughs have withered because of the wintry wind;

the boughs have withered because i have told them my dreams.

i know of the sleepy country, where swans fly round

coupled with golden chains, and sing as they fly.

a king and a queen are wandering there, and the sound

has made them so happy and hopeless, so deal and so blind

with wisdom, they wander till all the years have gone by;

i know, and the curlew and peewit on echtge of streams.

no boughs have withered because of the wintry wind;

the boughs have withered because i have told them my dreams.





83

adam’s curse


we sat together at one summer’s end,

that beautiful mild woman, your close friend,

and you and i, and talked of poetry.

i said, ‘line will take us hours maybe;

yet if it does not seem a moment’s thought,

our stitching and unstitching has been naught.

better go down upon your marrow-bones

and scrub a kitchen pavement, or break stones

like an old pauper, in all kinds of weather;

for to articulate sweet sounds together

is to work harder than all these, and yet

be thought an idler by the noisy set

of bankers, schoolmasters, and clergymen

the martyrs call the world.’

and thereupon

that beautiful mild woman for whose sake

there’s many a one shall find out all heartache

on finding that her voice is sweet and low

replied, ‘to be born woman is to know—although they do not talk of it at school—that we must labour to be beautiful.’

i said, ‘it’s certain there is no fine thing

since adam’s fall but needs much labouring.

there have been lovers who thought love should be

so much compounded of high courtesy

that they would sigh and quote with learned looks

precedents out of beautiful old books;

yet now it seems an idle trade enough.’

we sat grown quiet at the name of love;

we saw the last embers of daylight die,

and in the trembling blue-green of the sky

a moon, worn as if it had been a shell

washed by time’s waters as they rose and fell

about the stars and broke in days and years.

i had a thought for no one’s but your ears:

that you were beautiful, and that i strove

to love you in the old high way of love;

that it had all seemed happy, and yet we’d grown

as weary-hearted as that hollow moon.





84

red hanrahan’s song about ireland


the old brown thorn-trees break in two high over cummen strand,

under a bitter black wind that blows from the left hand;

our courage breaks like an old tree in a black wind and dies,

but we have hidden in our hearts the flame out of the eyes

of cathleen, the daughter of houlihan.

the wind has bundled up the clouds high over knocknarea,

and thrown the thunder on the stones for all that maeve can say.

angers that are like noisy clouds have set our hearts abeat;

but we have all bent low and low and kissed the quiet feet

of cathleen, the daughter of houlihan.

the yellow pool has overflowed high up on clooth-na-bare,

for the wet winds are blowing out of the clinging air;

like heavy flooded waters our bodies and our blood;

but purer than a tall candle before the holy rood

is cathleen, the daughter of houlihan.





85

the old men admiring themselves in the water


i heard the old, old men say,

‘everything alters,

and one by one we drop away.’

they had hands like claws, and their knees

were twisted like the old thorn-trees

by the waters.

i heard the old, old men say,

‘all that’s beautiful drifts away

like the waters.’





86

under the moon


i have no happiness in dreaming of brycelinde,

nor avalon the grass-green hollow, nor joyous isle,

where one found lancelot crazed and hid him for a while;

nor ulad, when naoise had thrown a sail upon the wind;

nor lands that seem too dim to be burdens on the heart:

land-under-wave, where out of the moon’s light and the sun’s

seven old sisters wind the threads of the long-lived ones

land-of-the-tower, where aengus has thrown the gates apart,

and wood-of-wonders, where one kills an ox at dawn,

to find it when night falls laid on a golden bier.

therein are many queens like branwen and guinevere;

and niamh and laban and fand, who could change to an otter or fawn, and the wood-woman, whose lover was changed to a blue-eyed hawk;

and whether i go in my dreams by woodland, or dun, or shore,

or on the unpeopled waves with kings to pull at the oar,

i hear the harp-string praise them, or hear their mournful talk.

because of something told under the famished horn

of the hunter’s moon, that hung between the night and the day,

to dream of women whose beauty was folded in dismay,

even in an old story, is a burden not to be borne.





87

the ragged wood


o hurry where by water among the trees

the delicate-stepping stag and his lady sigh,

when they have but looked upon their images—would

none had ever loved but you and i!

or have you heard that sliding silver-shoed

pale silver-proud queen-woman of the sky,

when the sun looked out of his golden hood?—o

that none ever loved but you and i!

o hurry to the ragged wood, for there

i will drive all those lovers out and cry—o

my share of the world, o yellow hair!

no one has ever loved but you and i.





88

o do not love too long


sweetheart, do not love too long:

i loved, long and long,

and grew to be out of fashion

like an old song.

all through the years of our youth

neither could have known

their own thought from the other’s,

we were so much at one.

but o, in a minute she changed—o do not love too long,

or you will grow out of fashion

like an old song.





89

the players ask for a blessing on the psalteries and on themselves


three voices [together]. hurry to bless the hands that play,

the mouths that speak, the notes and strings,

o masters of the glittering town!

o! lay the shrilly trumpet down,

though drunken with the flags that sway

over the ramparts and the towers,

and with the waving of your wings.

first voice. maybe they linger by the way.

one gathers up his purple gown;

one leans and mutters by the wall—he

dreads the weight of mortal hours.

second voice. o no, o no! they hurry down

like plovers that have heard the call.

third voice. o kinsmen of the three in one,

o kinsmen, bless the hands that play.

the notes they waken shall live on

when all this heavy history’s done;

our hands, our hands must ebb away.

three voices [together]. the proud and careless notes live on,

but bless our hands that ebb away.





90

the happy townland


there’s many a strong farmer

whose heart would break in two,

if he could see the townland

that we are riding to;

boughs have their fruit and blossom

at all times of the year;

rivers are running over

with red beer and brown beer.

an old man plays the bagpipes

in a golden and silver wood;

queens, their eyes blue like the ice,

are dancing in a crowd.

the little fox he murmured,

‘o what of the world’s bane?’

the sun was laughing sweetly,

the moon plucked at my rein;

but the little red fox murmured,

‘o do not pluck at his rein,

he is riding to the townland

that is the world’s bane.’

when their hearts are so high

that they would come to blows,

they unhook their heavy swords

from golden and silver boughs;

but all that are killed in battle

awaken to life again.

it is lucky that their story

is not known among men,

for o, the strong farmers

that would let the spade lie,

their hearts would be like a cup

that somebody had drunk dry.

the little fox he murmured,

‘o what of the world’s bane?’

the sun was laughing sweetly,

the moon plucked at my rein;

but the little red fox murmured,

‘o do not pluck at his rein,

he is riding to the townland

that is the world’s bane.’

michael will unhook his trumpet

from a bough overhead,

and blow a little noise

when the supper has been spread.

gabriel will come from the water

with a fish-tail, and talk

of wonders that have happened

on wet roads where men walk,

and lift up an old horn

of hammered silver, and drink

till he has fallen asleep

upon the starry brink.

the little fox he murmured,

‘o what of the world’s bane?’

the sun was laughing sweetly,

the moon plucked at my rein;

but the little red fox murmured,

‘o do not pluck at his rein,

he is riding to the townland

that is the world’s bane.’





the green helmet and other poems 1910


the green helmet and other poems





91

his dream


i swayed upon the gaudy stern

the butt-end of a steering-oar,

and saw wherever i could turn

a crowd upon a shore.

and though i would have hushed the crowd,

there was no mother’s son but said,

‘what is the figure in a shroud

upon a gaudy bed?’

and after running at the brim

cried out upon that thing beneath

—it had such dignity of limb—by

the sweet name of death.

though i’d my finger on my lip,

what could i but take up the song?

and running crowd and gaudy ship

cried out the whole night long,

crying amid the glittering sea,

naming it with ecstatic breath,

because it had such dignity,

by the sweet name of death.





92

a woman homer sung


if any man drew near

when i was young,

i thought, ‘he holds her dear,’

and shook with hate and fear.

but o! ’twas bitter wrong if he could pass her by

with an indifferent eye.

whereon i wrote and wrought,

and now, being grey,

i dream that i have brought

to such a pitch my thought

that coming time can say,

‘he shadowed in a glass

what thing her body was.’

for she had fiery blood

when i was young,

and trod so sweetly proud

as ’twere upon a cloud,

a woman homer sung,

that life and letters seem

but an heroic dream.





93

words


i had this thought a while ago,

‘my darling cannot understand

what i have done, or what would do

in this blind bitter land.’

and i grew weary of the sun

until my thoughts cleared up again,

remembering that the best i have done

was done to make it plain;

that every year i have cried, ‘at length

my darling understands it all,

because i have come into my strength,

and words obey my call’;

that had she done so who can say

what would have shaken from the sieve?

i might have thrown poor words away

and been content to live.





94

no second troy


why should i blame her that she filled my days

with misery, or that she would of late

have taught to ignorant men most violent ways,

or hurled the little streets upon the great,

had they but courage equal to desire?

what could have made her peaceful with a mind

that nobleness made simple as a fire,

with beauty like a tightened bow, a kind

that is not natural in an age like this,

being high and solitary and most stern?

why, what could she have done, being what she is?

was there another troy for her to burn?





95

reconciliation


some may have blamed you that you took away

the verses that could move them on the day

when, the ears being deafened, the sight of the eyes blind

with lightning, you went from me, and i could find

nothing to make a song about but kings,

helmets, and swords, and half-forgotten things

that were like memories of you—but now

we’ll out, for the world lives as long ago;

and while we’re in our laughing, weeping fit,

hurl helmets, crowns, and swords into the pit.

but, dear, cling close to me; since you were gone,

my barren thoughts have chilled me to the bone.





96

king and no king


‘would it were anything but merely voice!’

the no king cried who after that was king,

because he had not heard of anything

that balanced with a word is more than noise; yet old romance being kind, let him prevail

somewhere or somehow that i have forgot,

though he’d but cannon—whereas we that had thought

to have lit upon as clean and sweet a tale

have been defeated by that pledge you gave

in momentary anger long ago;

and i that have not your faith, how shall i know

that in the blinding light beyond the grave

we’ll find so good a thing as that we have lost?

the hourly kindness, the day’s common speech,

the habitual content of each with each

when neither soul nor body has been crossed.





97

peace


ah, that time could touch a form

that could show what homer’s age

bred to be a hero’s wage.

‘were not all her life but storm,

would not painters paint a form

of such noble lines,’ i said,

‘such a delicate high head,

all that sternness amid charm,

all that sweetness amid strength?’

ah, but peace that comes at length,

came when time had touched her form.





98

against unworthy praise


o heart, be at peace, because

nor knave nor dolt can break

what’s not for their applause,

being for a woman’s sake.

enough if the work has seemed,

so did she your strength renew,

a dream that a lion had dreamed

till the wilderness cried aloud, a secret between you two,

between the proud and the proud.

what, still you would have their praise!

but here’s a haughtier text,

the labyrinth of her days

that her own strangeness perplexed;

and how what her dreaming gave

earned slander, ingratitude,

from self-same dolt and knave;

aye, and worse wrong than these.

yet she, singing upon her road,

half lion, half child, is at peace.





99

the fascination of what’s difficult


the fascination of what’s difficult

has dried the sap out of my veins, and rent

spontaneous joy and natural content

out of my heart. there’s something ails our colt

that must, as if it had not holy blood

nor on olympus leaped from cloud to cloud,

shiver under the lash, strain, sweat and jolt

as though it dragged road metal. my curse on plays

that have to be set up in fifty ways,

on the day’s war with every knave and dolt,

theatre business, management of men.

i swear before the dawn comes round again

i’ll find the stable and pull out the bolt.





100

a drinking song


wine comes in at the mouth

and love comes in at the eye; that’s all we shall know for truth

before we grow old and die.

i lift the glass to my mouth,

i look at you, and i sigh.





101

the coming of wisdom with time


though leaves are many, the root is one;

through all the lying days of my youth

i swayed my leaves and flowers in the sun;

now i may wither into the truth.





102

on hearing that the students of our new university have joined the agitation against immoral literature


where, where but here have pride and truth,

that long to give themselves for wage,

to shake their wicked sides at youth

restraining reckless middle-age?





103

to a poet, who would have me praise certain bad poets, imitators of his and mine


you say, as i have often given tongue

in praise of what another’s said or sung, ’twere politic to do the like by these;

but was there ever dog that praised his fleas?





104

the mask


‘put off that mask of burning gold

with emerald eyes.’

‘o no, my dear, you make so bold

to find if hearts be wild and wise,

and yet not cold.’

‘i would but find what’s there to find,

love or deceit.’

‘it was the mask engaged your mind,

and after set your heart to beat,

not what’s behind.’

‘but lest you are my enemy,

i must enquire.’

‘o no, my dear, let all that be;

what matter, so there is but fire

in you, in me?’





105

upon a house shaken by the land agitation


how should the world be luckier if this house,

where passion and precision have been one

time out of mind, became too ruinous

to breed the lidless eye that loves the sun?

and the sweet laughing eagle thoughts that grow

where wings have memory of wings, and all

that comes of the best knit to the best? although

mean roof-trees were the sturdier for its fall,

how should their luck run high enough to reach

the gifts that govern men, and after these to gradual time’s last gift, a written speech

wrought of high laughter, loveliness and ease?





106

at the abbey theatre


(imitated from ronsard)

dear craoibhin aoibhin, look into our case.

when we are high and airy hundreds say

that if we hold that flight they’ll leave the place,

while those same hundreds mock another day

because we have made our art of common things,

so bitterly, you’d dream they longed to look

all their lives through into some drift of wings.

you’ve dandled them and fed them from the book

and know them to the bone; impart to us—

we’ll keep the secret—a new trick to please.

is there a bridle for this proteus

that turns and changes like his draughty seas?

or is there none, most popular of men,

but when they mock us, that we mock again?





107

these are the clouds


these are the clouds about the fallen sun,

the majesty that shuts his burning eye:

the weak lay hand on what the strong has done,

till that be tumbled that was lifted high

and discord follow upon unison,

and all things at one common level lie.

and therefore, friend, if your great race were run

and these things came, so much the more thereby

have you made greatness your companion,

although it be for children that you sigh:

these are the clouds about the fallen sun,

the majesty that shuts his burning eye.





108

at galway races


there where the course is,

delight makes all of the one mind,

the riders upon the galloping horses,

the crowd that closes in behind:

we, too, had good attendance once,

hearers and hearteners of the work;

aye, horsemen for companions,

before the merchant and the clerk

breathed on the world with timid breath.

sing on: somewhere at some new moon,

we’ll learn that sleeping is not death,

hearing the whole earth change its tune,

its flesh being wild, and it again

crying aloud as the racecourse is,

and we find hearteners among men

that ride upon horses.





109

a friend’s illness


sickness brought me this

thought, in that scale of his:

why should i be dismayed

though flame had burned the whole

world, as it were a coal,

now i have seen it weighed

against a soul?





110

all things can tempt me


all things can tempt me from this craft of verse:

one time it was a woman’s face, or worse—the

seeming needs of my fool-driven land; now nothing but comes readier to the hand

than this accustomed toil. when i was young,

i had not given a penny for a song

did not the poet sing it with such airs

that one believed he had a sword upstairs;

yet would be now, could i but have my wish,

colder and dumber and deafer than a fish.





111

brown penny


i whispered, ‘i am too young,’

and then, ‘i am old enough’;

wherefore i threw a penny

to find out if i might love.

‘go and love, go and love, young man,

if the lady be young and fair.’

ah, penny, brown penny, brown penny,

i am looped in the loops of her hair.

and the penny sang up in my face,

‘there is nobody wise enough

to find out all that is in it,

for he would be thinking of love

that is looped in the loops of her hair,

till the loops of time had run.’

ah, penny, brown penny, brown penny.

one cannot begin it too soon.





responsibilities 1914


‘in dreams begins responsibility.’

old play

‘how am i fallen from myself, for a long time now i have not seen the prince of chang in my dreams.’

khoung-fou-tseu





112




pardon, old fathers, if you still remain

somewhere in ear-shot for the story’s end,

old dublin merchant ‘free of the ten and four’

or trading out of galway into spain;

old country scholar, robert emmet’s friend,

a hundred-year-old memory to the poor;

merchant and scholar who have left me blood

that has not passed through any huckster’s loin,

soldiers that gave, whatever die was cast:

a butler or an armstrong that withstood

beside the brackish waters of the boyne

james and his irish when the dutchman crossed;

old merchant skipper that leaped overboard

after a ragged hat in biscay bay;

you most of all, silent and fierce old man,

because the daily spectacle that stirred

my fancy, and set my boyish lips to say,

‘only the wasteful virtues earn the sun’;

pardon that for a barren passion’s sake,

although i have come close on forty-nine,

i have no child, i have nothing but a book,

nothing but that to prove your blood and mine.

january 1914

responsibilities





113

the grey rock


poets with whom i learned my trade,

companions of the cheshire cheese,

here’s an old story i’ve re-made,

imagining ’twould better please

your ears than stories now in fashion,

though you may think i waste my breath

pretending that there can be passion

that has more life in it than death,

and though at bottling of your wine

old wholesome goban had no say;

the moral’s yours because it’s mine.

when cups went round at close of day—

is not that how good stories run?—

the gods were sitting at the board

in their great house at slievenamon.

they sang a drowsy song, or snored,

for all were full of wine and meat.

the smoky torches made a glare

on metal goban ’d hammered at,

on old deep silver rolling there

or on some still unemptied cup

that he, when frenzy stirred his thews,

had hammered out on mountain top

to hold the sacred stuff he brews

that only gods may buy of him.

now from that juice that made them wise

all those had lifted up the dim

imaginations of their eyes, for one that was like woman made

before their sleepy eyelids ran

and trembling with her passion said,

‘come out and dig for a dead man,

who’s burrowing somewhere in the ground,

and mock him to his face and then

hollo him on with horse and hound,

for he is the worst of all dead men.’

we should be dazed and terror-struck,

if we but saw in dreams that room,

those wine-drenched eyes, and curse our luck

that emptied all our days to come.

i knew a woman none could please,

because she dreamed when but a child

of men and women made like these;

and after, when her blood ran wild,

had ravelled her own story out,

and said, ‘in two or in three years

i needs must marry some poor lout,’

and having said it, burst in tears.

since, tavern comrades, you have died,

maybe your images have stood,

mere bone and muscle thrown aside,

before that roomful or as good.

you had to face your ends when young—

’twas wine or women, or some curse—

but never made a poorer song

that you might have a heavier purse,

nor gave loud service to a cause

that you might have a troop of friends.

you kept the muses’ sterner laws,

and unrepenting faced your ends,

and therefore earned the right—and yet

dowson and johnson most i praise—

to troop with those the world’s forgot,

and copy their proud steady gaze.

‘the danish troop was driven out

between the dawn and dusk,’ she said;

‘although the event was long in doubt,

although the king of ireland’s dead

and half the kings, before sundown

all was accomplished.

‘when this day

murrough, the king of ireland’s son,

foot after foot was giving way,

he and his best troops back to back

had perished there, but the danes ran,

stricken with panic from the attack,

the shouting of an unseen man;

and being thankful murrough found,

led by a footsole dipped in blood

that had made prints upon the ground,

where by old thorn-trees that man stood;

and though when he gazed here and there,

he had but gazed on thorn-trees, spoke,

“who is the friend that seems but air

and yet could give so fine a stroke?”

thereon a young man met his eye,

who said, “because she held me in

her love, and would not have me die,

rock-nurtured aoife took a pin,

and pushing it into my shirt,

promised that for a pin’s sake,

no man should see to do me hurt;

but there it’s gone; i will not take

the fortune that had been my shame

seeing, king’s son, what wounds you have.”

’twas roundly spoke, but when night came

he had betrayed me to his grave,

for he and the king’s son were dead.

i’d promised him two hundred years,

and when for all i’d done or said—

and these immortal eyes shed tears— he claimed his country’s need was most,

i’d saved his life, yet for the sake

of a new friend he has turned a ghost.

what does he care if my heart break?

i call for spade and horse and hound

that we may harry him.’ thereon

she cast herself upon the ground

and rent her clothes and made her moan:

‘why are they faithless when their might

is from the holy shades that rove

the grey rock and the windy light?

why should the faithfullest heart most love

the bitter sweetness of false faces?

why must the lasting love what passes,

why are the gods by men betrayed?’

but thereon every god stood up

with a slow smile and without sound,

and stretching forth his arm and cup

to where she moaned upon the ground,

suddenly drenched her to the skin;

and she with goban’s wine adrip,

no more remembering what had been,

stared at the gods with laughing lip.

i have kept my faith, though faith was tried,

to that rock-born, rock-wandering foot,

and the world’s altered since you died,

and i am in no good repute

with the loud host before the sea,

that think sword-strokes were better meant

than lover’s music—let that be,

so that the wandering foot’s content.





114

to a wealthy man who promised a second subscription to the dublin municipal gallery if it were proved the people wanted pictures


you gave, but will not give again

until enough of paudeen’s pence

by biddy’s halfpennies have lain

to be ‘some sort of evidence,’

before you’ll put your guineas down,

that things it were a pride to give

are what the blind and ignorant town

imagines best to make it thrive.

what cared duke ercole, that bid

his mummers to the market-place,

what th’ onion-sellers thought or did

so that his plautus set the pace

for the italian comedies?

and guidobaldo, when he made

that grammar school of courtesies

where wit and beauty learned their trade

upon urbino’s windy hill,

had sent no runners to and fro

that he might learn the shepherds’ will.

and when they drove out cosimo,

indifferent how the rancour ran,

he gave the hours they had set free

to michelozzo’s latest plan

for the san marco library,

whence turbulent italy should draw

delight in art whose end is peace,

in logic and in natural law

by sucking at the dugs of greece. your open hand but shows our loss,

for he knew better how to live.

let paudeens play at pitch and toss,

look up in the sun’s eye and give

what the exultant heart calls good

that some new day may breed the best

because you gave, not what they would,

but the right twigs for an eagle’s nest!

december 1912





115

september 1913


what need you, being come to sense,

but fumble in a greasy till

and add the halfpence to the pence

and prayer to shivering prayer, until

you have dried the marrow from the bone;

for men were born to pray and save:

romantic ireland’s dead and gone,

it’s with o’leary in the grave.

yet they were of a different kind,

the names that stilled your childish play,

they have gone about the world like wind,

but little time had they to pray

for whom the hangman’s rope was spun,

and what, god help us, could they save?

romantic ireland’s dead and gone,

it’s with o’leary in the grave.

was it for this the wild geese spread

the grey wing upon every tide;

for this that all that blood was shed,

for this edward fitzgerald died,

and robert emmet and wolfe tone,

all that delirium of the brave?

romantic ireland’s dead and gone,

it’s with o’leary in the grave. yet could we turn the years again,

and call those exiles as they were

in all their loneliness and pain,

you’d cry, ‘some woman’s yellow hair

has maddened every mother’s son’:

they weighed so lightly what they gave.

but let them be, they’re dead and gone,

they’re with o’leary in the grave.





116

to a friend whose work has come to nothing


now all the truth is out,

be secret and take defeat

from any brazen throat,

for how can you compete,

being honour bred, with one

who, were it proved he lies,

were neither shamed in his own

nor in his neighbours’ eyes?

bred to a harder thing

than triumph, turn away

and like a laughing string

whereon mad fingers play

amid a place of stone,

be secret and exult,

because of all things known

that is most difficult.





117

paudeen


indignant at the fumbling wits, the obscure spite

of our old paudeen in his shop, i stumbled blind

among the stones and thorn-trees, under morning light;

until a curlew cried and in the luminous wind a curlew answered; and suddenly thereupon i thought

that on the lonely height where all are in god’s eye,

there cannot be, confusion of our sound forgot,

a single soul that lacks a sweet crystalline cry.





118

to a shade


if you have revisited the town, thin shade,

whether to look upon your monument

(i wonder if the builder has been paid)

or happier-thoughted when the day is spent

to drink of that salt breath out of the sea

when grey gulls flit about instead of men,

and the gaunt houses put on majesty:

let these content you and be gone again;

for they are at their old tricks yet.

a man

of your own passionate serving kind who had brought

in his full hands what, had they only known,

had given their children’s children loftier thought,

sweeter emotion, working in their veins

like gentle blood, has been driven from the place,

and insult heaped upon him for his pains,

and for his open-handedness, disgrace;

your enemy, an old foul mouth, had set

the pack upon him.

go, unquiet wanderer,

and gather the glasnevin coverlet

about your head till the dust stops your ear,

the time for you to taste of that salt breath

and listen at the corners has not come;

you had enough of sorrow before death—

away, away! you are safer in the tomb.

september 29, 1913





119

when helen lived


we have cried in our despair

that men desert,

for some trivial affair

or noisy, insolent sport,

beauty that we have won

from bitterest hours;

yet we, had we walked within

those topless towers

where helen walked with her boy,

had given but as the rest

of the men and women of troy,

a word and a jest.





120

on those that hated ‘the playboy of the western world,’ 1907


once, when midnight smote the air,

eunuchs ran through hell and met

on every crowded street to stare

upon great juan riding by:

even like these to rail and sweat

staring upon his sinewy thigh.





121

the three beggars


‘though to my feathers in the wet,

i have stood here from break of day,

i have not found a thing to eat,

for only rubbish comes my way.

am i to live on lebeen-lone?’s muttered the old crane of gort.

‘for all my pains on lebeen-lone?’

king guaire walked amid his court

the palace-yard and river-side

and there to three old beggars said,

‘you that have wandered far and wide

can ravel out what’s in my head.

do men who least desire get most,

or get the most who most desire?’

a beggar said, ‘they get the most

whom man or devil cannot tire,

and what could make their muscles taut

unless desire had made them so?’

but guaire laughed with secret thought,

‘if that be true as it seems true,

one of you three is a rich man,

for he shall have a thousand pounds

who is first asleep, if but he can

sleep before the third noon sounds.’

and thereon, merry as a bird

with his old thoughts, king guaire went

from river-side and palace-yard

and left them to their argument.

‘and if i win,’ one beggar said,

‘though i am old i shall persuade

a pretty girl to share my bed’;

the second: ‘i shall learn a trade’;

the third: ‘i’ll hurry to the course

among the other gentlemen,

and lay it all upon a horse’;

the second: ‘i have thought again:

a farmer has more dignity.’

one to another sighed and cried:

the exorbitant dreams of beggary,

that idleness had borne to pride,

sang through their teeth from noon to noon;

and when the second twilight brought the frenzy of the beggars’ moon

none closed his blood-shot eyes but sought

to keep his fellows from their sleep;

all shouted till their anger grew

and they were whirling in a heap.

they mauled and bit the whole night through;

they mauled and bit till the day shone;

they mauled and bit through all that day

and till another night had gone,

or if they made a moment’s stay

they sat upon their heels to rail,

and when old guaire came and stood

before the three to end this tale,

they were commingling lice and blood.

‘time’s up,’ he cried, and all the three

with blood-shot eyes upon him stared.

‘time’s up,’ he cried, and all the three

fell down upon the dust and snored.

‘maybe i shall be lucky yet,

now they are silent,’ said the crane.

‘though to my feathers in the wet

i’ve stood as i were made of stone

and seen the rubbish run about,

it’s certain there are trout somewhere

and maybe i shall take a trout

if but i do not seem to care.’





122

the three hermits


three old hermits took the air

by a cold and desolate sea,

first was muttering a prayer,

second rummaged for a flea;

on a windy stone, the third,

giddy with his hundredth year, sang unnoticed like a bird:

‘though the door of death is near

and what waits behind the door,

three times in a single day

i, though upright on the shore,

fall asleep when i should pray.’

so the first, but now the second:

‘we’re but given what we have earned

when all thoughts and deeds are reckoned,

so it’s plain to be discerned

that the shades of holy men

who have failed, being weak of will,

pass the door of birth again,

and are plagued by crowds, until

they’ve the passion to escape.’

moaned the other, ‘they are thrown

into some most fearful shape.’

but the second mocked his moan:

‘they are not changed to anything,

having loved god once, but maybe

to a poet or a king

or a witty lovely lady.’

while he’d rummaged rags and hair,

caught and cracked his flea, the third,

giddy with his hundredth year,

sang unnoticed like a bird.





123

beggar to beggar cried


‘time to put off the world and go somewhere

and find my health again in the sea air,’

beggar to beggar cried, being frenzy-struck,

‘and make my soul before my pate is bare.’

‘and get a comfortable wife and house

to rid me of the devil in my shoes,’ beggar to beggar cried, being frenzy-struck,

‘and the worse devil that is between my thighs.’

‘and though i’d marry with a comely lass,

she need not be too comely—let it pass,’

beggar to beggar cried, being frenzy-struck,

‘but there’s a devil in a looking-glass.’

‘nor should she be too rich, because the rich

are driven by wealth as beggars by the itch,’

beggar to beggar cried, being frenzy-struck,

‘and cannot have a humorous happy speech.’

‘and there i’ll grow respected at my ease,

and hear amid the garden’s nightly peace,’

beggar to beggar cried, being frenzy-struck,

‘the wind-blown clamour of the barnacle-geese.’





124

running to paradise


as i came over windy gap

they threw a halfpenny into my cap,

for i am running to paradise;

and all that i need do is to wish

and somebody puts his hand in the dish

to throw me a bit of salted fish:

and there the king is but as the beggar.

my brother mourteen is worn out

with skelping his big brawling lout,

and i am running to paradise;

a poor life, do what he can,

and though he keep a dog and a gun,

a serving-maid and a serving-man:

and there the king is but as the beggar.

poor men have grown to be rich men,

and rich men grown to be poor again,

and i am running to paradise; and many a darling wit’s grown dull

that tossed a bare heel when at school,

now it has filled an old sock full:

and there the king is but as the beggar.

the wind is old and still at play

while i must hurry upon my way,

for i am running to paradise;

yet never have i lit on a friend

to take my fancy like the wind

that nobody can buy or bind:

and there the king is but as the beggar.





125

the hour before dawn


a cursing rogue with a merry face,

a bundle of rags upon a crutch,

stumbled upon that windy place

called cruachan, and it was as much

as the one sturdy leg could do

to keep him upright while he cursed.

he had counted, where long years ago

queen maeve’s nine maines had been nursed,

a pair of lapwings, one old sheep,

and not a house to the plain’s edge,

when close to his right hand a heap

of grey stones and a rocky ledge

reminded him that he could make,

if he but shifted a few stones,

a shelter till the daylight broke.

but while he fumbled with the stones

they toppled over; ‘were it not

i have a lucky wooden shin

i had been hurt’; and toppling brought

before his eyes, where stones had been, a dark deep hollow in the rock.

he gave a gasp and thought to have fled,

being certain it was no right rock

because an ancient history said

hell mouth lay open near that place,

and yet stood still, because inside

a great lad with a beery face

had tucked himself away beside

a ladle and a tub of beer,

and snored, no phantom by his look.

so with a laugh at his own fear

he crawled into that pleasant nook.

‘night grows uneasy near the dawn

till even i sleep light; but who

has tired of his own company?

what one of maeve’s nine brawling sons

sick of his grave has wakened me?

but let him keep his grave for once

that i may find the sleep i have lost.’

‘what care i if you sleep or wake?

but i’ll have no man call me ghost.’

‘say what you please, but from daybreak

i’ll sleep another century.’

‘and i will talk before i sleep

and drink before i talk.’

and he

had dipped the wooden ladle deep

into the sleeper’s tub of beer

had not the sleeper started up.

‘before you have dipped it in the beer

i dragged from goban’s mountain-top 50

i’ll have assurance that you are able

to value beer; no half-legged fool shall dip his nose into my ladle

merely for stumbling on this hole

in the bad hour before the dawn.’

‘why, beer is only beer.’

‘but say

“i’ll sleep until the winter’s gone,

or maybe to midsummer day,”

and drink, and you will sleep that length.’

‘i’d like to sleep till winter’s gone

or till the sun is in his strength.

this blast has chilled me to the bone.’

‘i had no better plan at first.

i thought to wait for that or this;

maybe the weather was accursed

or i had no woman there to kiss;

so slept for half a year or so;

but year by year i found that less

gave me such pleasure i’d forgo

even a half-hour’s nothingness,

and when at one year’s end i found

i had not waked a single minute,

i chose this burrow under ground.

i’ll sleep away all time within it:

my sleep were now nine centuries

but for those mornings when i find

the lapwing at their foolish cries

and the sheep bleating at the wind

as when i also played the fool.’

the beggar in a rage began

upon his hunkers in the hole,

‘it’s plain that you are no right man

to mock at everything i love

as if it were not worth the doing.

i’d have a merry life enough

if a good easter wind were blowing,

and though the winter wind is bad i should not be too down in the mouth

for anything you did or said

if but this wind were in the south.’

’you cry aloud, o would ’twere spring

or that the wind would shift a point,

and do not know that you would bring,

if time were suppler in the joint,

neither the spring nor the south wind

but the hour when you shall pass away

and leave no smoking wick behind,

for all life longs for the last day

and there’s no man but cocks his ear

to know when michael’s trumpet cries

that flesh and bone may disappear,

and souls as if they were but sighs,

and there be nothing but god left;

but i alone being blessed keep

like some old rabbit to my cleft

and wait him in a drunken sleep.’

he dipped his ladle in the tub

and drank and yawned and stretched him out,

the other shouted, ’you would rob

my life of every pleasant thought 110

and every comfortable thing,

and so take that and that.’ thereon

he gave him a great pummelling,

but might have pummelled at a stone

for all the sleeper knew or cared;

and after heaped up stone on stone,

and then, grown weary, prayed and cursed

and heaped up stone on stone again,

and prayed and cursed and cursed and fled

from maeve and all that juggling plain,

nor gave god thanks till overhead

the clouds were brightening with the dawn.





126

a song from ‘the player queen’


my mother dandled me and sang,

‘how young it is, how young!’

and made a golden cradle

that on a willow swung.

‘he went away,’ my mother sang,

‘when i was brought to bed,’

and all the while her needle pulled

the gold and silver thread.

she pulled the thread and bit the thread

and made a golden gown,

and wept because she had dreamt that i

was born to wear a crown.

‘when she was got,’ my mother sang,

‘i heard a sea-mew cry,

and saw a flake of the yellow foam

that dropped upon my thigh.’

how therefore could she help but braid

the gold into my hair,

and dream that i should carry

the golden top of care?





127

the realists


hope that you may understand!

what can books of men that wive

in a dragon-guarded land,

paintings of the dolphin-drawn

sea-nymphs in their pearly wagons

do, but awake a hope to live

that had gone

with the dragons?





128

i. the witch


toil and grow rich,

what’s that but to lie

with a foul witch

and after, drained dry,

to be brought

to the chamber where

lies one long sought

with despair?





129

ii. the peacock


what’s riches to him

that has made a great peacock

with the pride of his eye?

the wind-beaten, stone-grey,

and desolate three rock

would nourish his whim.

live he or die

amid wet rocks and heather,

his ghost will be gay

adding feather to feather

for the pride of his eye.





130

the mountain tomb


pour wine and dance if manhood still have pride,

bring roses if the rose be yet in bloom;

the cataract smokes upon the mountain side,

our father rosicross is in his tomb.

pull down the blinds, bring fiddle and clarionet

that there be no foot silent in the room nor mouth from kissing, nor from wine unwet;

our father rosicross is in his tomb.

in vain, in vain; the cataract still cries;

the everlasting taper lights the gloom;

all wisdom shut into his onyx eyes,

our father rosicross sleeps in his tomb.





131

i. to a child dancing in the wind


dance there upon the shore;

what need have you to care

for wind or water’s roar?

and tumble out your hair

that the salt drops have wet;

being young you have not known

the fool’s triumph, nor yet

love lost as soon as won,

nor the best labourer dead

and all the sheaves to bind.

what need have you to dread

the monstrous crying of wind?





132

ii. two years later


has no one said those daring

kind eyes should be more learn’d?

or warned you how despairing

the moths are when they are burned?

i could have warned you; but you are young,

so we speak a different tongue.

o you will take whatever’s offered

and dream that all the world’s a friend,

suffer as your mother suffered.

be as broken in the end. but i am old and you are young, and i speak a barbarous tongue.





133

a memory of youth


the moments passed as at a play;

i had the wisdom love brings forth;

i had my share of mother-wit,

and yet for all that i could say,

and though i had her praise for it,

a cloud blown from the cut-throat north

suddenly hid love’s moon away.

believing every word i said,

i praised her body and her mind

till pride had made her eyes grow bright,

and pleasure made her cheeks grow red,

and vanity her footfall light,

yet we, for all that praise, could find

nothing but darkness overhead.

we sat as silent as a stone,

we knew, though she’d not said a word,

that even the best of love must die,

and had been savagely undone

were it not that love upon the cry

of a most ridiculous little bird

tore from the clouds his marvellous moon.





134

fallen majesty


although crowds gathered once if she but showed her face,

and even old men’s eyes grew dim, this hand alone,

like some last courtier at a gypsy camping-place

babbling of fallen majesty, records what’s gone. the lineaments, a heart that laughter has made sweet,

these, these remain, but i record what’s gone. a crowd

will gather, and not know it walks the very street

whereon a thing once walked that seemed a burning cloud.





135

friends


now must i these three praise—

three women that have wrought

what joy is in my days:

one because no thought,

nor those unpassing cares,

no, not in these fifteen

many-times-troubled years,

could ever come between

mind and delighted mind;

and one because her hand

had strength that could unbind

what none can understand,

what none can have and thrive,

youth’s dreamy load, till she

so changed me that i live

labouring in ecstasy.

and what of her that took

all till my youth was gone

with scarce a pitying look?

how could i praise that one?

when day begins to break

i count my good and bad,

being wakeful for her sake,

remembering what she had,

what eagle look still shows,

while up from my heart’s root

so great a sweetness flows

i shake from head to foot.





136

the cold heaven


suddenly i saw the cold and rook-delighting heaven

that seemed as though ice burned and was but the more ice,

and thereupon imagination and heart were driven

so wild that every casual thought of that and this

vanished, and left but memories, that should be out of season

with the hot blood of youth, of love crossed long ago;

and i took all the blame out of all sense and reason,

until i cried and trembled and rocked to and fro,

riddled with light. ah! when the ghost begins to quicken,

confusion of the death-bed over, is it sent

out naked on the roads, as the books say, and stricken

by the injustice of the skies for punishment?





137

that the night come


she lived in storm and strife,

her soul had such desire

for what proud death may bring

that it could not endure

the common good of life,

but lived as ’twere a king

that packed his marriage day

with banneret and pennon,

trumpet and kettledrum,

and the outrageous cannon,

to bundle time away

that the night come.





138

an appointment


being out of heart with government

i took a broken root to fling

where the proud, wayward squirrel went,

taking delight that he could spring;

and he, with that low whinnying sound

that is like laughter, sprang again

and so to the other tree at a bound.

nor the tame will, nor timid brain,

nor heavy knitting of the brow

bred that fierce tooth and cleanly limb

and threw him up to laugh on the bough;

no government appointed him.





139

the magi


now as at all times i can see in the mind’s eye,

in their stiff, painted clothes, the pale unsatisfied ones

appear and disappear in the blue depth of the sky

with all their ancient faces like rain-beaten stones,

and all their helms of silver hovering side by side,

and all their eyes still fixed, hoping to find once more,

being by calvary’s turbulence unsatisfied,

the uncontrollable mystery on the bestial floor.





140

the dolls


a doll in the doll-maker’s house

looks at the cradle and bawls:

‘that is an insult to us.’

but the oldest of all the dolls,

who had seen, being kept for show,

generations of his sort,

out-screams the whole shelf: ‘although

there’s not a man can report

evil of this place,

the man and the woman bring

hither, to our disgrace,

a noisy and filthy thing.’

hearing him groan and stretch

the doll-maker’s wife is aware

her husband has heard the wretch,

and crouched by the arm of his chair,

she murmurs into his ear,

head upon shoulder leant:

‘my dear, my dear, o dear,

it was an accident.





141

a coat


i made my song a coat

covered with embroideries

out of old mythologies

from heel to throat;

but the fools caught it,

wore it in the world’s eyes

as though they’d wrought it.

song, let them take it,

for there’s more enterprise

in walking naked.





142




while i, from that reed-throated whisperer

who comes at need, although not now as once

a clear articulation in the air,

but inwardly, surmise companions

beyond the fling of the dull ass’s hoof,

—ben jonson’s phrase—and find when june is come

at kyle-na-no under that ancient roof

a sterner conscience and a friendlier home,

i can forgive even that wrong of wrongs,

those undreamt accidents that have made me

—seeing that fame has perished this long while,

being but a part of ancient ceremony—

notorious, till all my priceless things

are but a post the passing dogs defile.





the wild swans at coole 1919



143

the wild swans at coole


the trees are in their autumn beauty,

the woodland paths are dry,

under the october twilight the water

mirrors a still sky;

upon the brimming water among the stones

are nine-and-fifty swans.

the nineteenth autumn has come upon me

since i first made my count;

i saw, before i had well finished,

all suddenly mount

and scatter wheeling in great broken rings

upon their clamorous wings.

i have looked upon those brilliant creatures,

and now my heart is sore.

all’s changed since i, hearing at twilight,

the first time on this shore,

the bell-beat of their wings above my head,

trod with a lighter tread.

unwearied still, lover by lover,

they paddle in the cold

companionable streams or climb the air;

their hearts have not grown old;

passion or conquest, wander where they will,

attend upon them still.

but now they drift on the still water,

mysterious, beautiful;

among what rushes will they build,

by what lake’s edge or pool

delight men’s eyes when i awake some day

to find they have flown away?





144

in memory of major robert gregory


i

now that we’re almost settled in our house

i’ll name the friends that cannot sup with us

beside a fire of turf in th’ ancient tower,

and having talked to some late hour

climb up the narrow winding stair to bed:

discoverers of forgotten truth

or mere companions of my youth,

all, all are in my thoughts to-night being dead.

ii

always we’d have the new friend meet the old

and we are hurt if either friend seem cold,

and there is salt to lengthen out the smart

in the affections of our heart,

and quarrels are blown up upon that head;

but not a friend that i would bring

this night can set us quarrelling,

for all that come into my mind are dead.

iii

lionel johnson comes the first to mind,

that loved his learning better than mankind,

though courteous to the worst; much falling he

brooded upon sanctity

till all his greek and latin learning seemed

a long blast upon the horn that brought

a little nearer to his thought

a measureless consummation that he dreamed.

iv

and that enquiring man john synge comes next,

that dying chose the living world for text

and never could have rested in the tomb

but that, long travelling, he had come

towards nightfall upon certain set apart

in a most desolate stony place,

towards nightfall upon a race

passionate and simple like his heart.

v

and then i think of old george pollexfen,

in muscular youth well known to mayo men

for horsemanship at meets or at racecourses,

that could have shown how pure-bred horses

and solid men, for all their passion, live

but as the outrageous stars incline

by opposition, square and trine;

having grown sluggish and contemplative.

vi

they were my close companions many a year,

a portion of my mind and life, as it were,

and now their breathless faces seem to look

out of some old picture-book;

i am accustomed to their lack of breath,

but not that my dear friend’s dear son,

our sidney and our perfect man,

could share in that discourtesy of death.

vii

for all things the delighted eye now sees

were loved by him; the old storm-broken trees

that cast their shadows upon road and bridge;

the tower set on the stream’s edge;

the ford where drinking cattle make a stir

nightly, and startled by that sound

the water-hen must change her ground;

he might have been your heartiest welcomer.

viii

when with the galway foxhounds he would ride

from castle taylor to the roxborough side

or esserkelly plain, few kept his pace;

at mooneen he had leaped a place

so perilous that half the astonished meet

had shut their eyes; and where was it

he rode a race without a bit?

and yet his mind outran the horses’ feet.

ix

we dreamed that a great painter had been born

to cold clare rock and galway rock and thorn,

to that stern colour and that delicate line

that are our secret discipline

wherein the gazing heart doubles her might.

soldier, scholar, horseman, he,

and yet he had the intensity

to have published all to be a world’s delight.

x

what other could so well have counselled us

in all lovely intricacies of a house

as he that practised or that understood

all work in metal or in wood,

in moulded plaster or in carven stone?

soldier, scholar, horseman, he,

and all he did done perfectly

as though he had but that one trade alone.

xi

some burn damp faggots, others may consume

the entire combustible world in one small room

as though dried straw, and if we turn about

the bare chimney is gone black out

because the work had finished in that flare.

soldier, scholar, horseman, he,

as ’twere all life’s epitome.

what made us dream that he could comb grey hair?

xii

i had thought, seeing how bitter is that wind

that shakes the shutter, to have brought to mind

all those that manhood tried, or childhood loved

or boyish intellect approved,

with some appropriate commentary on each;

until imagination brought

a fitter welcome; but a thought

of that late death took all my heart for speech.





145

an irish airman foresees his death


i know that i shall meet my fate

somewhere among the clouds above;

those that i fight i do not hate,

those that i guard i do not love;

my country is kiltartan cross,

my countrymen kiltartan’s poor,

no likely end could bring them loss

or leave them happier than before.

nor law, nor duty bade me fight,

nor public men, nor cheering crowds,

a lonely impulse of delight

drove to this tumult in the clouds;

i balanced all, brought all to mind,

the years to come seemed waste of breath,

a waste of breath the years behind

in balance with this life, this death.





146

men improve with the years


i am worn out with dreams;

a weather-worn, marble triton

among the streams;

and all day long i look

upon this lady’s beauty

as though i had found in a book

a pictured beauty,

pleased to have filled the eyes

or the discerning ears,

delighted to be but wise,

for men improve with the years;

and yet, and yet,

is this my dream, or the truth?

o would that we had met

when i had my burning youth!

but i grow old among dreams,

a weather-worn, marble triton

among the streams.





147

the collar-bone of a hare


would i could cast a sail on the water

where many a king has gone

and many a king’s daughter,

and alight at the comely trees and the lawn,

the playing upon pipes and the dancing,

and learn that the best thing is

to change my loves while dancing

and pay but a kiss for a kiss.

i would find by the edge of that water

the collar-bone of a hare

worn thin by the lapping of water,

and pierce it through with a gimlet and stare

at the old bitter world where they marry in churches,

and laugh over the untroubled water

at all who marry in churches,

through the white thin bone of a hare.





148

under the round tower


‘although i’d lie lapped up in linen

a deal i’d sweat and little earn

if i should live as live the neighbours,’

cried the beggar, billy byrne;

‘stretch bones till the daylight come

on great-grandfather’s battered tomb.’

upon a grey old battered tombstone

in glendalough beside the stream,

where the o’byrnes and byrnes are buried,

he stretched his bones and fell in a dream

of sun and moon that a good hour

bellowed and pranced in the round tower;

of golden king and silver lady,

bellowing up and bellowing round,

till toes mastered a sweet measure,

mouth mastered a sweet sound,

prancing round and prancing up

until they pranced upon the top.

that golden king and that wild lady

sang till stars began to fade,

hands gripped in hands, toes close together,

hair spread on the wind they made;

that lady and that golden king

could like a brace of blackbirds sing.

‘it’s certain that my luck is broken,’

that rambling jailbird billy said;

‘before nightfall i’ll pick a pocket

and snug it in a feather-bed.

i cannot find the peace of home

on great-grandfather’s battered tomb.’





149

solomon to sheba


sang solomon to sheba,

and kissed her dusky face,

‘all day long from mid-day

we have talked in the one place,

all day long from shadowless noon

we have gone round and round

in the narrow theme of love

like an old horse in a pound.’

to solomon sang sheba,

planted on his knees,

‘if you had broached a matter

that might the learned please,

you had before the sun had thrown

our shadows on the ground

discovered that my thoughts, not it,

are but a narrow pound.’

said solomon to sheba,

and kissed her arab eyes,

‘there’s not a man or woman

born under the skies

dare match in learning with us two,

and all day long we have found

there’s not a thing but love can make

the world a narrow pound.’





150

the living beauty


i bade, because the wick and oil are spent

and frozen are the channels of the blood,

my discontented heart to draw content

from beauty that is cast out of a mould

in bronze, or that in dazzling marble appears,

appears, but when we have gone is gone again,

being more indifferent to our solitude

than ’twere an apparition. o heart, we are old;

the living beauty is for younger men:

we cannot pay its tribute of wild tears.





151

a song


i thought no more was needed

youth to prolong

than dumb-bell and foil

to keep the body young.

o who could have foretold

that the heart grows old?

though i have many words,

what woman’s satisfied,

i am no longer faint

because at her side?

o who could have foretold

that the heart grows old?

i have not lost desire

but the heart that i had;

i thought ’twould burn my body

laid on the death-bed,

for who could have foretold

that the heart grows old?





152

to a young beauty


dear fellow-artist, why so free

with every sort of company,

with every jack and jill?

choose your companions from the best;

who draws a bucket with the rest

soon topples down the hill.

you may, that mirror for a school,

be passionate, not bountiful

as common beauties may,

who were not born to keep in trim

with old ezekiel’s cherubim

but those of beauvarlet.

i know what wages beauty gives,

how hard a life her servant lives,

yet praise the winters gone:

there is not a fool can call me friend,

and i may dine at journey’s end

with landor and with donne.





153

to a young girl


my dear, my dear, i know

more than another

what makes your heart beat so;

not even your own mother

can know it as i know,

who broke my heart for her

when the wild thought,

that she denies

and has forgot,

set all her blood astir

and glittered in her eyes.





154

the scholars


bald heads forgetful of their sins,

old, learned, respectable bald heads

edit and annotate the lines

that young men, tossing on their beds,

rhymed out in love’s despair

to flatter beauty’s ignorant ear.

all shuffle there; all cough in ink;

all wear the carpet with their shoes;

all think what other people think;

all know the man their neighbour knows.

lord, what would they say

did their catullus walk that way?





155

tom o’roughley


‘though logic-choppers rule the town,

and every man and maid and boy

has marked a distant object down,

an aimless joy is a pure joy,’

or so did tom o’roughley say

that saw the surges running by,

‘and wisdom is a butterfly

and not a gloomy bird of prey.

‘if little planned is little sinned

but little need the grave distress.

what’s dying but a second wind?

how but in zig-zag wantonness

could trumpeter michael be so brave?’

or something of that sort he said,

‘and if my dearest friend were dead

i’d dance a measure on his grave.’





156

shepherd and goatherd


shepherd. that cry’s from the first cuckoo of the year.

i wished before it ceased.

goatherd. nor bird nor beast

could make me wish for anything this day,

being old, but that the old alone might die,

and that would be against god’s providence.

let the young wish. but what has brought you here?

never until this moment have we met

where my goats browse on the scarce grass or leap

from stone to stone.

shepherd. i am looking for strayed sheep;

something has troubled me and in my trouble

i let them stray. i thought of rhyme alone,

for rhyme can beat a measure out of trouble

and make the daylight sweet once more; but when

i had driven every rhyme into its place

the sheep had gone from theirs.

goatherd. i know right well

what turned so good a shepherd from his charge.

shepherd. he that was best in every country sport

and every country craft, and of us all

most courteous to slow age and hasty youth,

is dead.

goatherd. the boy that brings my griddle-cake

brought the bare news.

shepherd. he had thrown the crook away

and died in the great war beyond the sea.

goatherd. he had often played his pipes among my hills,

and when he played it was their loneliness,

the exultation of their stone, that cried

under his fingers.

shepherd. i had it from his mother,

and his own flock was browsing at the door.

goatherd. how does she bear her grief? there is not a shepherd

but grows more gentle when he speaks her name,

remembering kindness done, and how can i,

that found when i had neither goat nor grazing

new welcome and old wisdom at her fire

till winter blasts were gone, but speak of her

even before his children and his wife.

shepherd. she goes about her house erect and calm

between the pantry and the linen-chest,

or else at meadow or at grazing overlooks

her labouring men, as though her darling lived,

but for her grandson now; there is no change

but such as i have seen upon her face

watching our shepherd sports at harvest-time

when her son’s turn was over.

goatherd. sing your song.

i too have rhymed my reveries, but youth

is hot to show whatever it has found,

and till that’s done can neither work nor wait.

old goatherds and old goats, if in all else

youth can excel them in accomplishment,

are learned in waiting.

shepherd. you cannot but have seen

that he alone had gathered up no gear,

set carpenters to work on no wide table,

on no long bench nor lofty milking shed

as others will, when first they take possession,

but left the house as in his father’s time

as though he knew himself, as it were, a cuckoo,

no settled man. and now that he is gone

there’s nothing of him left but half a score

of sorrowful, austere, sweet, lofty pipe tunes.

goatherd. you have put the thought in rhyme.

shepherd. i worked all day,

and when ’twas done so little had i done

that maybe ‘i am sorry’ in plain prose

had sounded better to your mountain fancy.

[he sings.]

‘like the speckled bird that steers

thousands of leagues oversea,

and runs or a while half-flies

on his yellow legs through our meadows,

he stayed for a while; and we

had scarcely accustomed our ears

to his speech at the break of day,

had scarcely accustomed our eyes

to his shape at the rinsing pool

among the evening shadows,

when he vanished from ears and eyes.

i might have wished on the day

he came, but man is a fool.’

goatherd. you sing as always of the natural life,

and i that made like music in my youth

hearing it now have sighed for that young man

and certain lost companions of my own.

shepherd. they say that on your barren mountain ridge

you have measured out the road that the soul treads

when it has vanished from our natural eyes;

that you have talked with apparitions.

goatherd. indeed

my daily thoughts since the first stupor of youth

have found the path my goats’ feet cannot find.

shepherd. sing, for it may be that your thoughts have plucked

some medicable herb to make our grief

less bitter.

goatherd. they have brought me from that ridge

seed-pods and flowers that are not all wild poppy.

[sings.]

‘he grows younger every second

that were all his birthdays reckoned

much too solemn seemed;

because of what he had dreamed,

or the ambitions that he served,

much too solemn and reserved.

jaunting, journeying

to his own dayspring,

he unpacks the loaded pern

of all ’twas pain or joy to learn,

of all that he had made.

the outrageous war shall fade;

at some old winding whitethorn root

he’ll practise on the shepherd’s flute,

or on the close-cropped grass

court his shepherd lass,

or put his heart into some game

till daytime, playtime seem the same;

knowledge he shall unwind

through victories of the mind,

till, clambering at the cradle-side,

he dreams himself his mother’s pride,

all knowledge lost in trance

of sweeter ignorance.’

shepherd. when i have shut these ewes and this old ram

into the fold, we’ll to the woods and there

cut out our rhymes on strips of new-torn bark

but put no name and leave them at her door.

to know the mountain and the valley have grieved

may be a quiet thought to wife and mother,

and children when they spring up shoulder-high.





157

lines written in dejection


when have i last looked on

the round green eyes and the long wavering bodies

of the dark leopards of the moon?

all the wild witches, those most noble ladies,

for all their broom-sticks and their tears,

their angry tears, are gone.

the holy centaurs of the hills are vanished;

i have nothing but the embittered sun;

banished heroic mother moon and vanished,

and now that i have come to fifty years

i must endure the timid sun.





158

the dawn


i would be ignorant as the dawn

that has looked down

on that old queen measuring a town

with the pin of a brooch,

or on the withered men that saw

from their pedantic babylon

the careless planets in their courses,

the stars fade out where the moon comes,

and took their tablets and did sums;

i would be ignorant as the dawn

that merely stood, rocking the glittering coach

above the cloudy shoulders of the horses;

i would be—for no knowledge is worth a straw—

ignorant and wanton as the dawn.





159

on woman


may god be praised for woman

that gives up all her mind,

a man may find in no man

a friendship of her kind

that covers all he has brought

as with her flesh and bone,

nor quarrels with a thought

because it is not her own.

though pedantry denies,

it’s plain the bible means

that solomon grew wise

while talking with his queens,

yet never could, although

they say he counted grass,

count all the praises due

when sheba was his lass,

when she the iron wrought, or

when from the smithy fire

it shuddered in the water:

harshness of their desire

that made them stretch and yawn,

pleasure that comes with sleep,

shudder that made them one.

what else he give or keep

god grant me—no, not here,

for i am not so bold

to hope a thing so dear

now i am growing old,

but when, if the tale’s true,

the pestle of the moon

that pounds up all anew

brings me to birth again—

to find what once i had

and know what once i have known,

until i am driven mad,

sleep driven from my bed,

by tenderness and care,

pity, an aching head,

gnashing of teeth, despair;

and all because of some one

perverse creature of chance,

and live like solomon

that sheba led a dance.





160

the fisherman


although i can see him still,

the freckled man who goes

to a grey place on a hill

in grey connemara clothes

at dawn to cast his flies,

it’s long since i began

to call up to the eyes

this wise and simple man.

all day i’d looked in the face

what i had hoped ’twould be

to write for my own race

and the reality;

the living men that i hate,

the dead man that i loved,

the craven man in his seat,

the insolent unreproved,

and no knave brought to book

who has won a drunken cheer,

the witty man and his joke

aimed at the commonest ear,

the clever man who cries

the catch-cries of the clown,

the beating down of the wise

and great art beaten down.

maybe a twelvemonth since

suddenly i began,

in scorn of this audience,

imagining a man,

and his sun-freckled face,

and grey connemara cloth,

climbing up to a place

where stone is dark under froth,

and the down-turn of his wrist

when the flies drop in the stream;

a man who does not exist,

a man who is but a dream;

and cried, ‘before i am old

i shall have written him one

poem maybe as cold

and passionate as the dawn.’





161

the hawk


‘call down the hawk from the air;

let him be hooded or caged

till the yellow eye has grown mild,

for larder and spit are bare,

the old cook enraged,

the scullion gone wild.’

‘i will not be clapped in a hood,

nor a cage, nor alight upon wrist,

now i have learnt to be proud

hovering over the wood

in the broken mist

or tumbling cloud.’

‘what tumbling cloud did you cleave,

yellow-eyed hawk of the mind,

last evening? that i, who had sat

dumbfounded before a knave,

should give to my friend

a pretence of wit.’





162

memory


one had a lovely face,

and two or three had charm,

but charm and face were in vain

because the mountain grass

cannot but keep the form

where the mountain hare has lain.





163

her praise


she is foremost of those that i would hear praised.

i have gone about the house, gone up and down

as a man does who has published a new book,

or a young girl dressed out in her new gown,

and though i have turned the talk by hook or crook

until her praise should be the uppermost theme,

a woman spoke of some new tale she had read,

a man confusedly in a half dream

as though some other name ran in his head.

she is foremost of those that i would hear praised.

i will talk no more of books or the long war

but walk by the dry thorn until i have found

some beggar sheltering from the wind, and there

manage the talk until her name come round.

if there be rags enough he will know her name

and be well pleased remembering it, for in the old days,

though she had young men’s praise and old men’s blame,

among the poor both old and young gave her praise.





164

the people


‘what have i earned for all that work,’ i said,

‘for all that i have done at my own charge?

the daily spite of this unmannerly town,

where who has served the most is most defamed,

the reputation of his lifetime lost

between the night and morning. i might have lived,

and you know well how great the longing has been,

where every day my footfall should have lit

in the green shadow of ferrara wall;

or climbed among the images of the past—

the unperturbed and courtly images—

evening and morning, the steep street of urbino

to where the duchess and her people talked

the stately midnight through until they stood

in their great window looking at the dawn;

i might have had no friend that could not mix

courtesy and passion into one like those

that saw the wicks grow yellow in the dawn;

i might have used the one substantial right

my trade allows: chosen my company,

and chosen what scenery had pleased me best.’

thereon my phoenix answered in reproof,

‘the drunkards, pilferers of public funds,

all the dishonest crowd i had driven away,

when my luck changed and they dared meet my face,

crawled from obscurity, and set upon me

those i had served and some that i had fed;

yet never have i, now nor any time,

complained of the people.’

all i could reply

was: ‘you, that have not lived in thought but deed,

can have the purity of a natural force,

but i, whose virtues are the definitions

of the analytic mind, can neither close

the eye of the mind nor keep my tongue from speech.’

and yet, because my heart leaped at her words,

i was abashed, and now they come to mind

after nine years, i sink my head abashed.





165

his phoenix


there is a queen in china, or maybe it’s in spain,

and birthdays and holidays such praises can be heard

of her unblemished lineaments, a whiteness with no stain,

that she might be that sprightly girl trodden by a bird;

and there’s a score of duchesses, surpassing womankind,

or who have found a painter to make them so for pay

and smooth out stain and blemish with the elegance of his

mind:

i knew a phoenix in my youth, so let them have their day.

the young men every night applaud their gaby’s laughing

eye,

and ruth st. denis had more charm although she had poor luck;

from nineteen hundred nine or ten, pavlova’s had the cry,

and there’s a player in the states who gathers up her cloak

and flings herself out of the room when juliet would be bride

with all a woman’s passion, a child’s imperious way,

and there are—but no matter if there are scores beside:

i knew a phoenix in my youth, so let them have their day.

there’s margaret and marjorie and dorothy and nan,

a daphne and a mary who live in privacy;

one’s had her fill of lovers, another’s had but one,

another boasts, ‘i pick and choose and have but two or three.’

if head and limb have beauty and the instep’s high and light

they can spread out what sail they please for all i have to say,

be but the breakers of men’s hearts or engines of delight:

i knew a phoenix in my youth, so let them have their day.

there’ll be that crowd, that barbarous crowd, through all the centuries,

and who can say but some young belle may walk and talk men wild

who is my beauty’s equal, though that my heart denies,

but not the exact likeness, the simplicity of a child,

and that proud look as though she had gazed into the

burning sun, and all the shapely body no tittle gone astray.

i mourn for that most lonely thing; and yet god’s will be done:

i knew a phoenix in my youth, so let them have their day.





166

a thought from propertius


she might, so noble from head

to great shapely knees

the long flowing line,

have walked to the altar

through the holy images

at pallas athena’s side,

or been fit spoil for a centaur

drunk with the unmixed wine.





167

broken dreams


there is grey in your hair.

young men no longer suddenly catch their breath

when you are passing;

but maybe some old gaffer mutters a blessing

because it was your prayer

recovered him upon the bed of death.

for your sole sake—that all heart’s ache have known,

and given to others all heart’s ache,

from meagre girlhood’s putting on

burdensome beauty—for your sole sake

heaven has put away the stroke of her doom,

so great her portion in that peace you make

by merely walking in a room.

your beauty can but leave among us

vague memories, nothing but memories.

a young man when the old men are done talking

will say to an old man, ‘tell me of that lady

the poet stubborn with his passion sang us

when age might well have chilled his blood.’

vague memories, nothing but memories,

but in the grave all, all, shall be renewed.

the certainty that i shall see that lady

leaning or standing or walking

in the first loveliness of womanhood,

and with the fervour of my youthful eyes,

has set me muttering like a fool.

you are more beautiful than any one,

and yet your body had a flaw:

your small hands were not beautiful,

and i am afraid that you will run

and paddle to the wrist

in that mysterious, always brimming lake

where those that have obeyed the holy law

paddle and are perfect. leave unchanged

the hands that i have kissed,

for old sake’s sake.

the last stroke of midnight dies.

all day in the one chair

from dream to dream and rhyme to rhyme i have ranged

in rambling talk with an image of air:

vague memories, nothing but memories.





168

a deep-sworn vow


others because you did not keep

that deep-sworn vow have been friends of mine;

yet always when i look death in the face,

when i clamber to the heights of sleep,

or when i grow excited with wine,

suddenly i meet your face.





169

presences


this night has been so strange that it seemed

as if the hair stood up on my head.

from going-down of the sun i have dreamed

that women laughing, or timid or wild,

in rustle of lace or silken stuff,

climbed up my creaking stair. they had read

all i had rhymed of that monstrous thing

returned and yet unrequited love.

they stood in the door and stood between

my great wood lectern and the fire

till i could hear their hearts beating:

one is a harlot, and one a child

that never looked upon man with desire,

and one, it may be, a queen.





170

the balloon of the mind


hands, do what you’re bid:

bring the balloon of the mind

that bellies and drags in the wind

into its narrow shed.





171

to a squirrel at kyle-na-no


come play with me;

why should you run

through the shaking tree

as though i’d a gun

to strike you dead?

when all i would do

is to scratch your head

and let you go.





172

on being asked for a war poem


i think it better that in times like these

a poet’s mouth be silent, for in truth

we have no gift to set a statesman right;

he has had enough of meddling who can please

a young girl in the indolence of her youth,

or an old man upon a winter’s night.





173

in memory of alfred pollexfen


five-and-twenty years have gone

since old william pollexfen

laid his strong bones down in death

by his wife elizabeth

in the grey stone tomb he made.

and after twenty years they laid

in that tomb by him and her

his son george, the astrologer;

and masons drove from miles away

to scatter the acacia spray

upon a melancholy man

who had ended where his breath began.

many a son and daughter lies

far from the customary skies,

the mall and eades’s grammar school,

in london or in liverpool;

but where is laid the sailor john

that so many lands had known,

quiet lands or unquiet seas

where the indians trade or japanese?

he never found his rest ashore,

moping for one voyage more.

where have they laid the sailor john?

and yesterday the youngest son,

a humorous, unambitious man,

was buried near the astrologer,

yesterday in the tenth year

since he who had been contented long,

a nobody in a great throng,

decided he must journey home,

now that his fiftieth year had come,

and ‘mr. alfred’ be again

upon the lips of common men

who carried in their memory

his childhood and his family.

at all these death-beds women heard

a visionary white sea-bird

lamenting that a man should die;

and with that cry i have raised my cry.





174

upon a dying lady





i. her courtesy


with the old kindness, the old distinguished grace,

she lies, her lovely piteous head amid dull red hair

propped upon pillows, rouge on the pallor of her face.

she would not have us sad because she is lying there,

and when she meets our gaze her eyes are laughter-lit,

her speech a wicked tale that we may vie with her,

matching our broken-hearted wit against her wit,

thinking of saints and of petronius arbiter.





175

ii. certain artists bring her dolls and drawings


bring where our beauty lies

a new modelled doll, or drawing,

with a friend’s or an enemy’s

features, or maybe showing

her features when a tress

of dull red hair was flowing

over some silken dress

cut in the turkish fashion,

or, it may be, like a boy’s.

we have given the world our passion,

we have naught for death but toys.





176

iii. she turns the dolls’ faces to the wall


because to-day is some religious festival

they had a priest say mass, and even the japanese,

heel up and weight on toe, must face the wall

—pedant in passion, learned in old courtesies,

vehement and witty she had seemed—; the venetian lady

who had seemed to glide to some intrigue in her red shoes,

her domino, her panniered skirt copied from longhi;

the meditative critic; all are on their toes,

even our beauty with her turkish trousers on.

because the priest must have like every dog his day

or keep us all awake with baying at the moon,

we and our dolls being but the world were best away.





177

iv. the end of day


she is playing like a child

and penance is the play,

fantastical and wild

because the end of day

shows her that some one soon

will come from the house, and say—

though play is but half done—

‘come in and leave the play.’





178

v. her race


she has not grown uncivil

as narrow natures would

and called the pleasures evil

happier days thought good;

she knows herself a woman,

no red and white of a face,

or rank, raised from a common

unreckonable race;

and how should her heart fail her

or sickness break her will

with her dead brother’s valour

for an example still?





179

vi. her courage


when her soul flies to the predestined dancing-place

(i have no speech but symbol, the pagan speech i made

amid the dreams of youth) let her come face to face,

amid that first astonishment, with grania’s shade,

all but the terrors of the woodland flight forgot

that made her diarmuid dear, and some old cardinal

pacing with half-closed eyelids in a sunny spot

who had murmured of giorgione at his latest breath—

aye, and achilles, timor, babar, barhaim, all

who have lived in joy and laughed into the face of death.





180

vii. her friends bring her a christmas tree


pardon, great enemy,

without an angry thought

we’ve carried in our tree,

and here and there have bought

till all the boughs are gay,

and she may look from the bed

on pretty things that may

please a fantastic head.

give her a little grace,

what if a laughing eye

have looked into your face?

it is about to die.





181

ego dominus tuus


hic. on the grey sand beside the shallow stream

under your old wind-beaten tower, where still

a lamp burns on beside the open book

that michael robartes left, you walk in the moon

and though you have passed the best of life still trace,

enthralled by the unconquerable delusion,

magical shapes.

ille. by the help of an image

i call to my own opposite, summon all

that i have handled least, least looked upon.

hic. and i would find myself and not an image.

ille. that is our modern hope and by its light

we have lit upon the gentle, sensitive mind

and lost the old nonchalance of the hand;

whether we have chosen chisel, pen or brush,

we are but critics, or but half create,

timid, entangled, empty and abashed,

lacking the countenance of our friends.

hic. and yet

the chief imagination of christendom,

dante alighieri, so utterly found himself

that he has made that hollow face of his

more plain to the mind’s eye than any face

but that of christ.

ille. and did he find himself

or was the hunger that had made it hollow

a hunger for the apple on the bough

most out of reach? and is that spectral image

the man that lapo and that guido knew?

i think he fashioned from his opposite

an image that might have been a stony face

staring upon a bedouin’s horse-hair roof

from doored and windowed cliff, or half upturned

among the coarse grass and the camel-dung.

he set his chisel to the hardest stone.

being mocked by guido for his lecherous life,

derided and deriding, driven out

to climb that stair and eat that bitter bread,

he found the unpersuadable justice, he found

the most exalted lady loved by a man.

hic. yet surely there are men who have made their art

out of no tragic war, lovers of life,

impulsive men that look for happiness

and sing when they have found it.

ille. no, not sing,

for those that love the world serve it in action,

grow rich, popular and full of influence,

and should they paint or write, still it is action:

the struggle of the fly in marmalade.

the rhetorician would deceive his neighbours,

the sentimentalist himself; while art

is but a vision of reality.

what portion in the world can the artist have

who has awakened from the common dream

but dissipation and despair?

hic. and yet

no one denies to keats love of the world;

remember his deliberate happiness.

ille. his art is happy, but who knows his mind?

i see a schoolboy when i think of him,

with face and nose pressed to a sweet-shop window,

for certainly he sank into his grave

his senses and his heart unsatisfied,

and made—being poor, ailing and ignorant,

shut out from all the luxury of the world,

the coarse-bred son of a livery-stable keeper—

luxuriant song.

hic. why should you leave the lamp

burning alone beside an open book,

and trace these characters upon the sands?

a style is found by sedentary toil

and by the imitation of great masters.

ille. because i seek an image, not a book.

those men that in their writings are most wise

own nothing but their blind, stupefied hearts.

i call to the mysterious one who yet

shall walk the wet sands by the edge of the stream

and look most like me, being indeed my double,

and prove of all imaginable things

the most unlike, being my anti-self,

and standing by these characters disclose

all that i seek; and whisper it as though

he were afraid the birds, who cry aloud

their momentary cries before it is dawn,

would carry it away to blasphemous men.





182

a prayer on going into my house


god grant a blessing on this tower and cottage

and on my heirs, if all remain unspoiled,

no table or chair or stool not simple enough

for shepherd lads in galilee; and grant

that i myself for portions of the year

may handle nothing and set eyes on nothing

but what the great and passionate have used

throughout so many varying centuries

we take it for the norm; yet should i dream

sinbad the sailor’s brought a painted chest,

or image, from beyond the loadstone mountain,

that dream is a norm; and should some limb of the devil

destroy the view by cutting down an ash

that shades the road, or setting up a cottage

planned in a government office, shorten his life,

manacle his soul upon the red sea bottom.





183

the phases of the moon


an old man cocked his ear upon a bridge;

he and his friend, their faces to the south,

had trod the uneven road. their boots were soiled,

their connemara cloth worn out of shape;

they had kept a steady pace as though their beds,

despite a dwindling and late risen moon,

were distant still. an old man cocked his ear.

aherne. what made that sound?

robartes. a rat or water-hen

splashed, or an otter slid into the stream.

we are on the bridge; that shadow is the tower,

and the light proves that he is reading still.

he has found, after the manner of his kind,

mere images; chosen this place to live in

because, it may be, of the candle-light

from the far tower where milton’s platonist

sat late, or shelley’s visionary prince:

the lonely light that samuel palmer engraved,

an image of mysterious wisdom won by toil;

and now he seeks in book or manuscript

what he shall never find.

aherne. why should not you

who know it all ring at his door, and speak

just truth enough to show that his whole life

will scarcely find for him a broken crust

of all those truths that are your daily bread;

and when you have spoken take the roads again?

robartes. he wrote of me in that extravagant style

he had learned from pater, and to round his tale

said i was dead; and dead i choose to be.

aherne. sing me the changes of the moon once more;

true song, though speech: ‘mine author sung it me’.

robartes. twenty-and-eight the phases of the moon,

the full and the moon’s dark and all the crescents,

twenty-and-eight, and yet but six-and-twenty

the cradles that a man must needs be rocked in;

for there’s no human life at the full or the dark.

from the first crescent to the half, the dream

but summons to adventure, and the man

is always happy like a bird or a beast;

but while the moon is rounding towards the full

he follows whatever whim’s most difficult

among whims not impossible, and though scarred,

as with the cat-o’-nine-tails of the mind,

his body moulded from within his body

grows comelier. eleven pass, and then

athena takes achilles by the hair,

hector is in the dust, nietzsche is born,

because the hero’s crescent is the twelfth.

and yet, twice born, twice buried, grow he must,

before the full moon, helpless as a worm.

the thirteenth moon but sets the soul at war

in its own being, and when that war’s begun

there is no muscle in the arm; and after,

under the frenzy of the fourteenth moon,

the soul begins to tremble into stillness,

to die into the labyrinth of itself!

aherne. sing out the song; sing to the end, and sing

the strange reward of all that discipline.

robartes. all thought becomes an image and the soul

becomes a body: that body and that soul

too perfect at the full to lie in a cradle,

too lonely for the traffic of the world:

body and soul cast out and cast away

beyond the visible world.

aherne. all dreams of the soul

end in a beautiful man’s or woman’s body.

robartes. have you not always known it?

aherne. the song will have it

that those that we have loved got their long fingers

from death, and wounds, or on sinai’s top,

or from some bloody whip in their own hands.

they ran from cradle to cradle till at last

their beauty dropped out of the loneliness

of body and soul.

robartes. the lover’s heart knows that.

aherne. it must be that the terror in their eyes

is memory or foreknowledge of the hour

when all is fed with light and heaven is bare.

robartes. when the moon’s full those creatures of the full

are met on the waste hills by country men

who shudder and hurry by: body and soul

estranged amid the strangeness of themselves,

caught up in contemplation, the mind’s eye

fixed upon images that once were thought,

for perfected, completed, and immovable

images can break the solitude

of lovely, satisfied, indifferent eyes.

and thereupon with aged, high-pitched voice

aherne laughed, thinking of the man within,

his sleepless candle and laborious pen.

robartes. and after that the crumbling of the moon:

the soul remembering its loneliness

shudders in many cradles; all is changed.

it would be the world’s servant, and as it serves,

choosing whatever task’s most difficult

among tasks not impossible, it takes

upon the body and upon the soul

the coarseness of the drudge.

aherne. before the full

it sought itself and afterwards the world.

robartes. because you are forgotten, half out of life,

and never wrote a book, your thought is clear.

reformer, merchant, statesman, learned man,

dutiful husband, honest wife by turn,

cradle upon cradle, and all in flight and all

deformed, because there is no deformity

but saves us from a dream.

aherne. and what of those

that the last servile crescent has set free?

robartes. because all dark, like those that are all light,

they are cast beyond the verge, and in a cloud,

crying to one another like the bats;

but having no desire they cannot tell

what’s good or bad, or what it is to triumph

at the perfection of one’s own obedience;

and yet they speak what’s blown into the mind;

deformed beyond deformity, unformed.

insipid as the dough before it is baked,

they change their bodies at a word.

aherne. and then?

robartes. when all the dough has been so kneaded up

that it can take what form cook nature fancies,

the first thin crescent is wheeled round once more.

aherne. but the escape; the song’s not finished yet.

robartes. hunchback and saint and fool are the last crescents.

the burning bow that once could shoot an arrow

out of the up and down, the wagon-wheel

of beauty’s cruelty and wisdom’s chatter—

out of that raving tide—is drawn betwixt

deformity of body and of mind.

aherne. were not our beds far off i’d ring the bell,

stand under the rough roof-timbers of the hall

beside the castle door, where all is stark

austerity, a place set out for wisdom

that he will never find; i’d play a part;

he would never know me after all these years

but take me for some drunken country man;

i’d stand and mutter there until he caught

‘hunchback and saint and fool’, and that they came

under the three last crescents of the moon,

and then i’d stagger out. he’d crack his wits

day after day, yet never find the meaning.

and then he laughed to think that what seemed hard

should be so simple—a bat rose from the hazels

and circled round him with its squeaky cry,

the light in the tower window was put out.





184

the cat and the moon


the cat went here and there

and the moon spun round like a top,

and the nearest kin of the moon,

the creeping cat, looked up.

black minnaloushe stared at the moon,

for, wander and wail as he would,

the pure cold light in the sky

troubled his animal blood.

minnaloushe runs in the grass

lifting his delicate feet.

do you dance, minnaloushe, do you dance?

when two close kindred meet,

what better than call a dance?

maybe the moon may learn,

tired of that courtly fashion,

a new dance turn.

minnaloushe creeps through the grass

from moonlit place to place,

the sacred moon overhead

has taken a new phase.

does minnaloushe know that his pupils

will pass from change to change,

and that from round to crescent,

from crescent to round they range?

minnaloushe creeps through the grass

alone, important and wise,

and lifts to the changing moon

his changing eyes.





185

the saint and the hunchback


hunchback. stand up and lift your hand and bless

a man that finds great bitterness

in thinking of his lost renown.

a roman caesar is held down

under this hump.

saint. god tries each man

according to a different plan.

i shall not cease to bless because

i lay about me with the taws

that night and morning i may thrash

greek alexander from my flesh,

augustus caesar, and after these

that great rogue alcibiades.

hunchback. to all that in your flesh have stood

and blessed, i give my gratitude,

honoured by all in their degrees,

but most to alcibiades.





186

two songs of a fool


i

a speckled cat and a tame hare

eat at my hearthstone

and sleep there;

and both look up to me alone

for learning and defence

as i look up to providence.

i start out of my sleep to think

some day i may forget

their food and drink;

or, the house door left unshut,

the hare may run till it’s found

the horn’s sweet note and the tooth of the hound.

i bear a burden that might well try

men that do all by rule,

and what can i

that am a wandering-witted fool

but pray to god that he ease

my great responsibilities?

ii

i slept on my three-legged stool by the fire,

the speckled cat slept on my knee;

we never thought to enquire

where the brown hare might be,

whether the door were shut.

who knows how she drank the wind

stretched up on two legs from the mat,

before she had settled her mind

to drum with her heel and to leap?

had i but awakened from sleep

and called her name, she had heard,

it may be, and had not stirred,

that now, it may be, has found

the horn’s sweet note and the tooth of the hound.





187

another song of a fool


this great purple butterfly,

in the prison of my hands,

has a learning in his eye

not a poor fool understands.

once he lived a schoolmaster

with a stark, denying look;

a string of scholars went in fear

of his great birch and his great book.

like the clangour of a bell,

sweet and harsh, harsh and sweet,

that is how he learnt so well

to take the roses for his meat.





188

the double vision of michael robartes


i

on the grey rock of cashel the mind’s eye

has called up the cold spirits that are born

when the old moon is vanished from the sky

and the new still hides her horn.

under blank eyes and fingers never still

the particular is pounded till it is man.

when had i my own will?

o not since life began.

constrained, arraigned, baffled, bent and unbent

by these wire-jointed jaws and limbs of wood,

themselves obedient,

knowing not evil and good;

obedient to some hidden magical breath.

they do not even feel, so abstract are they,

so dead beyond our death,

triumph that we obey.

ii

on the grey rock of cashel i suddenly saw

a sphinx with woman breast and lion paw,

a buddha, hand at rest,

hand lifted up that blest;

and right between these two a girl at play

that, it may be, had danced her life away,

for now being dead it seemed

that she of dancing dreamed.

although i saw it all in the mind’s eye

there can be nothing solider till i die;

i saw by the moon’s light

now at its fifteenth night.

one lashed her tail; her eyes lit by the moon

gazed upon all things known, all things unknown,

in triumph of intellect

with motionless head erect.

that other’s moonlit eyeballs never moved,

being fixed on all things loved, all things unloved,

yet little peace he had,

for those that love are sad.

o little did they care who danced between,

and little she by whom her dance was seen

so she had outdanced thought.

body perfection brought,

for what but eye and ear silence the mind

with the minute particulars of mankind?

mind moved yet seemed to stop

as ’twere a spinning-top.

in contemplation had those three so wrought

upon a moment, and so stretched it out

that they, time overthrown,

were dead yet flesh and bone.

iii

i knew that i had seen, had seen at last

that girl my unremembering nights hold fast

or else my dreams that fly

if i should rub an eye,

and yet in flying fling into my meat

a crazy juice that makes the pulses beat

as though i had been undone

by homer’s paragon

who never gave the burning town a thought;

to such a pitch of folly i am brought,

being caught between the pull

of the dark moon and the full,

the commonness of thought and images

that have the frenzy of our western seas.

thereon i made my moan,

and after kissed a stone,

and after that arranged it in a song

seeing that i, ignorant for so long,

had been rewarded thus

in cormac’s ruined house.

1 pronounced as if spelt ‘crockan’ in modern gaelic.





michael robartes and the dancer 1921


michael robartes and the dancer





189

michael robartes and the dancer


he. opinion is not worth a rush;

in this altar-piece the knight,

who grips his long spear so to push

that dragon through the fading light,

loved the lady; and it’s plain

the half-dead dragon was her thought,

that every morning rose again

and dug its claws and shrieked and fought.

could the impossible come to pass

she would have time to turn her eyes,

her lover thought, upon the glass

and on the instant would grow wise.

she. you mean they argued.

he. put it so;

but bear in mind your lover’s wage

is what your looking-glass can show,

and that he will turn green with rage

at all that is not pictured there.

she. may i not put myself to college?

he. go pluck athena by the hair;

for what mere book can grant a knowledge

with an impassioned gravity

appropriate to that beating breast,

that vigorous thigh, that dreaming eye?

and may the devil take the rest.

she. and must no beautiful woman be

learned like a man?

he. paul veronese

and all his sacred company

imagined bodies all their days

by the lagoon you love so much,

for proud, soft, ceremonious proof

that all must come to sight and touch;

while michael angelo’s sistine roof,

his ‘morning’ and his ‘night’ disclose

how sinew that has been pulled tight,

or it may be loosened in repose,

can rule by supernatural right

yet be but sinew.

she. i have heard said

there is great danger in the body.

he. did god in portioning wine and bread give man his thought or his mere body?

she. my wretched dragon is perplexed.

he. i have principles to prove me right.

it follows from this latin text

that blest souls are not composite,

and that all beautiful women may

live in uncomposite blessedness,

and lead us to the like -if they

will banish every thought, unless

the lineaments that please their view

when the long looking-glass is full,

even from the foot-sole think it too.

she. they say such different things at school.





190

solomon and the witch


and thus declared that arab lady:

‘last night, where under the wild moon

on grassy mattress i had laid me, within my arms great solomon,

i suddenly cried out in a strange tongue

not his, not mine.’

who understood

whatever has been said, sighed, sung,

howled, miau-d, barked, brayed, belled, yelled, cried, crowed,

thereon replied: ‘a cockerel

crew from a blossoming apple bough

three hundred years before the fall,

and never crew again till now,

and would not now but that he thought,

chance being at one with choice at last,

all that the brigand apple brought

and this foul world were dead at last.

he that crowed out eternity

thought to have crowed it in again.

for though love has a spider’s eye

to find out some appropriate pain—

aye, though all passion’s in the glance—

for every nerve, and tests a lover

with cruelties of choice and chance;

and when at last that murder’s over

maybe the bride-bed brings despair,

for each an imagined image brings

and finds a real image there;

yet the world ends when these two things,

though several, are a single light,

when oil and wick are burned in one;

therefore a blessed moon last night

gave sheba to her solomon.’

‘yet the world stays.’

‘if that be so,

your cockerel found us in the wrong

although he thought it worth a crow.

maybe an image is too strong

or maybe is not strong enough.’

‘the night has fallen; not a sound

in the forbidden sacred grove

unless a petal hit the ground,

nor any human sight within it

but the crushed grass where we have lain;

and the moon is wilder every minute.

o! solomon! let us try again.’





191

an image from a past life


he. never until this night have i been stirred.

the elaborate star-light throws a reflection

on the dark stream,

till all the eddies gleam;

and thereupon there comes that scream

from terrified, invisible beast or bird:

image of poignant recollection.

she. an image of my heart that is smitten through

out of all likelihood, or reason,

and when at last,

youth’s bitterness being past,

i had thought that all my days were cast

amid most lovely places; smitten as though

it had not learned its lesson.

he. why have you laid your hands upon my eyes?

what can have suddenly alarmed you

whereon ’twere best

my eyes should never rest?

what is there but the slowly fading west,

the river imaging the flashing skies,

all that to this moment charmed you?

she. a sweetheart from another life floats there

as though she had been forced to linger

from vague distress

or arrogant loveliness, merely to loosen out a tress

among the starry eddies of her hair

upon the paleness of a finger.

he. but why should you grow suddenly afraid

and start—i at your shoulder

imagining

that any night could bring

an image up, or anything

even to eyes that beauty had driven mad,

but images to make me fonder?

she. now she has thrown her arms above her head;

whether she threw them up to flout me,

or but to find,

now that no fingers bind,

that her hair streams upon the wind,

i do not know, that know i am afraid

of the hovering thing night brought me.





192

under saturn


do not because this day i have grown saturnine

imagine that lost love, inseparable from my thought

because i have no other youth, can make me pine;

for how should i forget the wisdom that you brought,

the comfort that you made? although my wits have gone

on a fantastic ride, my horse’s flanks are spurred

by childish memories of an old cross pollexfen,

and of a middleton, whose name you never heard,

and of a red-haired yeats whose looks, although he died before my time, seem like a vivid memory.

you heard that labouring man who had served my people.

he said

upon the open road, near to the sligo quay—

no, no, not said, but cried it out—‘you have come again,

and surely after twenty years it was time to come.’ i am thinking of a child’s vow sworn in vain

never to leave that valley his fathers called their home.

november 1919





193

easter, 1916


i have met them at close of day

coming with vivid faces

from counter or desk among grey

eighteenth-century houses.

i have passed with a nod of the head

or polite meaningless words,

or have lingered awhile and said

polite meaningless words,

and thought before i had done

of a mocking tale or a gibe

to please a companion

around the fire at the club,

being certain that they and i

but lived where motley is worn:

all changed, changed utterly:

a terrible beauty is born.

that woman’s days were spent

in ignorant good-will,

her nights in argument

until her voice grew shrill.

what voice more sweet than hers

when, young and beautiful,

she rode to harriers?

this man had kept a school

and rode our winged horse;

this other his helper and friend

was coming into his force;

he might have won fame in the end,

so sensitive his nature seemed,

so daring and sweet his thought.

this other man i had dreamed

a drunken, vainglorious lout.

he had done most bitter wrong

to some who are near my heart,

yet i number him in the song;

he, too, has resigned his part

in the casual comedy;

he, too, has been changed in his turn

, transformed utterly:

a terrible beauty is born

hearts with one purpose alone

through summer and winter seem

enchanted to a stone

to trouble the living stream.

the horse that comes from the road,

the rider, the birds that range

from cloud to tumbling cloud,

minute by minute they change;

a shadow of cloud on the stream

changes minute by minute;

a horse-hoof slides on the brim,

and a horse plashes within it;

the long-legged moor-hens dive,

and hens to moor-cocks call;

minute by minute they live:

the stone’s in the midst of all.

too long a sacrifice

can make a stone of the heart.

o when may it suffice?

that is heaven’s part, our part

to murmur name upon name,

as a mother names her child

when sleep at last has come

on limbs that had run wild.

what is it but nightfall?

no, no, not night but death;

was it needless death after all?

for england may keep faith

for all that is done and said.

we know their dream; enough

to know they dreamed and are dead;

and what if excess of love

bewildered them till they died?

i write it out in a verse—

macdonagh and macbride

and connolly and pearse

now and in time to be,

wherever green is worn,

are changed, changed utterly:

a terrible beauty is born.

september 25, 1916





194

sixteen dead men


o but we talked at large before

the sixteen men were shot,

but who can talk of give and take,

what should be and what not

while those dead men are loitering there

to stir the boiling pot?

you say that we should still the land

till germany’s overcome;

but who is there to argue that

now pearse is deaf and dumb?

and is their logic to outweigh

macdonagh’s bony thumb?

how could you dream they’d listen

that have an ear alone

for those new comrades they have found

, lord edward and wolfe tone,

or meddle with our give and take

that converse bone to bone?





195

the rose tree


‘o words are lightly spoken,’

said pearse to connolly,

‘maybe a breath of politic words

has withered our rose tree;

or maybe but a wind that blows

across the bitter sea.’

‘it needs to be but watered,’

james connolly replied,

‘to make the green come out again

and spread on every side,

and shake the blossom from the bud

to be the garden’s pride.’

‘but where can we draw water,’

said pearse to connolly,

‘when all the wells are parched away?

o plain as plain can be

there’s nothing but our own red blo

od can make a right rose tree.’





196

on a political prisoner


she that but little patience knew,

from childhood on, had now so much

a grey gull lost its fear and flew

down to her cell and there alit,

and there endured her fingers’ touch

and from her fingers ate its bit.

did she in touching that lone wing

recall the years before her mind

became a bitter, an abstract thing, her thought some popular enmity:

blind and leader of the blind

drinking the foul ditch where they lie?

when long ago i saw her ride

under ben bulben to the meet,

the beauty of her country-side

with all youth’s lonely wildness stirred,

she seemed to have grown clean and sweet

like any rock-bred, sea-borne bird:

sea-borne, or balanced on the air

when first it sprang out of the nest

upon some lofty rock to stare

upon the cloudy canopy,

while under its storm-beaten breast

cried out the hollows of the sea.





197

the leaders of the crowd


they must to keep their certainty accuse

all that are different of a base intent;

pull down established honour; hawk for news

whatever their loose phantasy invent

and murmur it with bated breath, as though

the abounding gutter had been helicon

or calumny a song. how can they know

truth flourishes where the student’s lamp has shone,

and there alone, that have no solitude?

so the crowd come they care not what may come.

they have loud music, hope every day renewed

and heartier loves; that lamp is from the tomb.





198

towards break of day


was it the double of my dream

the woman that by me lay

dreamed, or did we halve a dream

under the first cold gleam of day?

i thought: ‘there is a waterfall

upon ben bulben side

that all my childhood counted dear;

were i to travel far and wide

i could not find a thing so dear.’

my memories had magnified

so many times childish delight.

i would have touched it like a child

but knew my finger could but have touched

cold stone and water. i grew wild

even accusing heaven because

it had set down among its laws:

nothing that we love over-much

is ponderable to our touch.

i dreamed towards break of day,

the cold blown spray in my nostril.

but she that beside me lay

had watched in bitterer sleep

the marvellous stag of arthur,

that lofty white stag, leap

from mountain steep to steep.





199

demon and beast


for certain minutes at the least

that crafty demon and that loud beast

that plague me day and night

ran out of my sight;

though i had long perned in the gyre

, between my hatred and desire,

i saw my freedom won

and all laugh in the sun.

the glittering eyes in a death’s head

of old luke wadding’s portrait said

welcome, and the ormondes all

nodded upon the wall,

and even strafford smiled as though

it made him happier to know

i understood his plan.

now that the loud beast ran

there was no portrait in the gallery

but beckoned to sweet company,

for all men’s thoughts grew clear

being dear as mine are dear.

but soon a tear-drop started up,

for aimless joy had made me stop

beside the little lake

to watch a white gull take

a bit of bread thrown up into the air;

now gyring down and perning there

he splashed where an absurd

portly green-pated bird

shook off the water from his back;

being no more demoniac

a stupid happy creature

could rouse my whole nature.

yet i am certain as can be

that every natural victory

belongs to beast or demon,

that never yet had freeman

right mastery of natural things,

and that mere growing old, that brings

chilled blood, this sweetness brought;

yet have no dearer thought

than that i may find out a way

to make it linger half a day.

o what a sweetness strayed

through barren thebaid,

or by the mareotic sea

when that exultant anthony

and twice a thousand more

starved upon the shore

and withered to a bag of bones!

what had the caesars but their thrones?





200

the second coming


turning and turning in the widening gyre

the falcon cannot hear the falconer;

things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;

mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,

the blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere

the ceremony of innocence is drowned;

the best lack all conviction, while the worst

are full of passionate intensity.

surely some revelation is at hand;

surely the second coming is at hand.

the second coming! hardly are those words out

when a vast image out of spiritus mundi

troubles my sight: somewhere in sands of the desert

a shape with lion body and the head of a man,

a gaze blank and pitiless as the sun,

is moving its slow thighs, while all about it

reel shadows of the indignant desert birds.

the darkness drops again; but now i know

that twenty centuries of stony sleep

were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle,

and what rough beast, its hour come round at last,

slouches towards bethlehem to be born?





201

a prayer for my daughter


once more the storm is howling, and half hid

under this cradle-hood and coverlid

my child sleeps on. there is no obstacle

but gregory’s wood and one bare hill

whereby the haystack- and roof-levelling wind,

bred on the atlantic, can be stayed;

and for an hour i have walked and prayed

because of the great gloom that is in my mind.

i have walked and prayed for this young child an hour

and heard the sea-wind scream upon the tower,

and under the arches of the bridge, and scream

in the elms above the flooded stream;

imagining in excited reverie

that the future years had come,

dancing to a frenzied drum,

out of the murderous innocence of the sea.

may she be granted beauty and yet not

beauty to make a stranger’s eye distraught,

or hers before a looking-glass, for such,

being made beautiful overmuch,

consider beauty a sufficient end,

lose natural kindness and maybe

the heart-revealing intimacy

that chooses right, and never find a friend.

helen being chosen found life flat and dull

and later had much trouble from a fool,

while that great queen, that rose out of the spray,

being fatherless could have her way

yet chose a bandy-legged smith for man.

it’s certain that fine women eat

a crazy salad with their meat

whereby the horn of plenty is undone.

in courtesy i’d have her chiefly learned;

hearts are not had as a gift but hearts are earned

by those that are not entirely beautiful;

yet many, that have played the fool

for beauty’s very self, has charm made wise,

and many a poor man that has roved,

loved and thought himself beloved,

from a glad kindness cannot take his eyes.

may she become a flourishing hidden tree

that all her thoughts may like the linnet be,

and have no business but dispensing round

their magnanimities of sound,

nor but in merriment begin a chase,

nor but in merriment a quarrel.

o may she live like some green laurel

rooted in one dear perpetual place.

my mind, because the minds that i have loved,

the sort of beauty that i have approved,

prosper but little, has dried up of late,

yet knows that to be choked with hate

may well be of all evil chances chief.

if there’s no hatred in a mind

assault and battery of the wind

can never tear the linnet from the leaf.

an intellectual hatred is the worst,

so let her think opinions are accursed.

have i not seen the loveliest woman born

out of the mouth of plenty’s horn,

because of her opinionated mind

barter that horn and every good

by quiet natures understood

for an old bellows full of angry wind?

considering that, all hatred driven hence,

the soul recovers radical innocence

and learns at last that it is self-delighting,

self-appeasing, self-affrighting,

and that its own sweet will is heaven’s will;

she can, though every face should scowl

and every windy quarter howl

or every bellows burst, be happy still.

and may her bridegroom bring her to a house

where all’s accustomed, ceremonious;

for arrogance and hatred are the wares

peddled in the thoroughfares.

how but in custom and in ceremony

are innocence and beauty born?

ceremony’s a name for the rich horn,

and custom for the spreading laurel tree.

june 1919





202

a meditation in time of war


for one throb of the artery,

while on that old grey stone i sat

under the old wind-broken tree,

i knew that one is animate,

mankind inanimate phantasy.





203

to be carved on a stone at thoor ballylee


i, the poet william yeats,

with old mill boards and sea-green slates,

and smithy work from the gort forge,

restored this tower for my wife george;

and may these characters remain when all is ruin once again.





the tower 1928


the tower





204

sailing to byzantium


i

that is no country for old men. the young

in one another’s arms, birds in the trees,

—those dying generations—at their song,

the salmon-falls, the mackerel-crowded seas,

fish, flesh, or fowl, commend all summer long

whatever is begotten, born, and dies.

caught in that sensual music all neglect

monuments of unageing intellect.

ii

an aged man is but a paltry thing,

a tattered coat upon a stick, unless

soul clap its hands and sing, and louder sing

for every tatter in its mortal dress,

nor is there singing school but studying

monuments of its own magnificence;

and therefore i have sailed the seas and come

to the holy city of byzantium.

iii

o sages standing in god’s holy fire

as in the gold mosaic of a wall,

come from the holy fire, perne in a gyre,

and be the singing-masters of my soul.

consume my heart away; sick with desire

and fastened to a dying animal

it knows not what it is; and gather me

into the artifice of eternity.

iv

once out of nature i shall never take

my bodily form from any natural thing,

but such a form as grecian goldsmiths make

of hammered gold and gold enamelling

to keep a drowsy emperor awake;

or set upon a golden bough to sing

to lords and ladies of byzantium

of what is past, or passing, or to come.

1927





205

the tower


i

what shall i do with this absurdity—

o heart, o troubled heart—this caricature,

decrepit age that has been tied to me as to a dog’s tail?

never had i more

excited, passionate, fantastical

imagination, nor an ear and eye

that more expected the impossible—

no, not in boyhood when with rod and fly,

or the humbler worm, i climbed ben bulben’s back

and had the livelong summer day to spend.

it seems that i must bid the muse go pack,

choose plato and plotinus for a friend

until imagination, ear and eye,

can be content with argument and deal

in abstract things; or be derided by

a sort of battered kettle at the heel.

ii

i pace upon the battlements and stare

on the foundations of a house, or where

tree, like a sooty finger, starts from the earth;

and send imagination forth

under the day’s declining beam, and call

images and memories

from ruin or from ancient trees,

for i would ask a question of them all.

beyond that ridge lived mrs. french, and once

when every silver candlestick or sconce

lit up the dark mahogany and the wine,

a serving-man, that could divine

that most respected lady’s every wish,

ran and with the garden shears

clipped an insolent farmer’s ears

and brought them in a little covered dish.

some few remembered still when i was young

a peasant girl commended by a song,

who’d lived somewhere upon that rocky place,

and praised the colour of her face,

and had the greater joy in praising her,

remembering that, if walked she there,

farmers jostled at the fair

so great a glory did the song confer.

and certain men, being maddened by those rhymes,

or else by toasting her a score of times,

rose from the table and declared it right

to test their fancy by their sight;

but they mistook the brightness of the moon

for the prosaic light of day—

music had driven their wits astray—

and one was drowned in the great bog of cloone.

strange, but the man who made the song was blind;

yet, now i have considered it, i find

that nothing strange; the tragedy began

with homer that was a blind man,

and helen has all living hearts betrayed.

o may the moon and sunlight seem

one inextricable beam,

for if i triumph i must make men mad.

and i myself created hanrahan

and drove him drunk or sober through the dawn

from somewhere in the neighbouring cottages.

caught by an old man’s juggleries

he stumbled, tumbled, fumbled to and fro

and had but broken knees for hire

and horrible splendour of desire;

i thought it all out twenty years ago:

good fellows shuffled cards in an old bawn;

and when that ancient ruffian’s turn was on

he so bewitched the cards under his thumb

that all but the one card became

a pack of hounds and not a pack of cards,

and that he changed into a hare.

hanrahan rose in frenzy there

and followed up those baying creatures towards—

o towards i have forgotten what—enough!

i must recall a man that neither love

nor music nor an enemy’s clipped ear

could, he was so harried, cheer;

a figure that has grown so fabulous

there’s not a neighbour left to say

when he finished his dog’s day:

an ancient bankrupt master of this house.

before that ruin came, for centuries,

rough men-at-arms, cross-gartered to the knees

or shod in iron, climbed the narrow stairs,

and certain men-at-arms there were

whose images, in the great memory stored,

come with loud cry and panting breast

to break upon a sleeper’s rest

while their great wooden dice beat on the board.

as i would question all, come all who can;

come old, necessitous, half-mounted man;

and bring beauty’s blind rambling celebrant;

the red man the juggler sent

through god-forsaken meadows; mrs. french,

gifted with so fine an ear;

the man drowned in a bog’s mire,

when mocking muses chose the country wench.

did all old men and women, rich and poor,

who trod upon these rocks or passed this door,

whether in public or in secret rage

as i do now against old age?

but i have found an answer in those eyes

that are impatient to be gone;

go therefore; but leave hanrahan,

for i need all his mighty memories.

old lecher with a love on every wind,

bring up out of that deep considering mind

all that you have discovered in the grave,

for it is certain that you have

reckoned up every unforeknown, unseeing

plunge, lured by a softening eye,

or by a touch or a sigh,

into the labyrinth of another’s being;

does the imagination dwell the most

upon a woman won or woman lost?

if on the lost, admit you turned aside

from a great labyrinth out of pride,

cowardice, some silly over-subtle thought

or anything called conscience once;

and that if memory recur, the sun’s

under eclipse and the day blotted out.

iii

it is time that i wrote my will;

i choose upstanding men

that climb the streams until

the fountain leap, and at dawn

drop their cast at the side

of dripping stone; i declare

they shall inherit my pride,

the pride of people that were

bound neither to cause nor to state,

neither to slaves that were spat on,

nor to the tyrants that spat,

the people of burke and of grattan

that gave, though free to refuse—

pride, like that of the morn,

when the headlong light is loose,

or that of the fabulous horn,

or that of the sudden shower

when all streams are dry,

or that of the hour

when the swan must fix his eye

upon a fading gleam,

float out upon a long

last reach of glittering stream

and there sing his last song.

and i declare my faith:

i mock plotinus’ thought

and cry in plato’s teeth,

death and life were not

till man made up the whole,

made lock, stock and barrel

out of his bitter soul,

aye, sun and moon and star, all,

and further add to that

that, being dead, we rise,

dream and so create

translunar paradise.

i have prepared my peace

with learned italian things

and the proud stones of greece,

poet’s imaginings

and memories of love,

memories of the words of women,

all those things whereof

man makes a superhuman

mirror-resembling dream.

as at the loophole there

the daws chatter and scream,

and drop twigs layer upon layer.

when they have mounted up,

the mother bird will rest

on their hollow top,

and so warm her wild nest.

i leave both faith and pride

to young upstanding men

climbing the mountain side,

that under bursting dawn

they may drop a fly;

being of that metal made

till it was broken by

this sedentary trade.

now shall i make my soul,

compelling it to study

in a learned school

till the wreck of body,

slow decay of blood,

testy delirium

or dull decrepitude,

or what worse evil come—

the death of friends, or death

of every brilliant eye

that made a catch in the breath—

seem but the clouds of the sky

when the horizon fades;

or a bird’s sleepy cry

among the deepening shades.

1926





meditations in time of civil war





206

i. ancestral houses


surely among a rich man’s flowering lawns,

amid the rustle of his planted hills,

life overflows without ambitious pains;

and rains down life until the basin spills,

and mounts more dizzy high the more it rains

as though to choose whatever shape it wills

and never stoop to a mechanical

or servile shape, at others’ beck and call.

mere dreams, mere dreams! yet homer had not sung

had he not found it certain beyond dreams

that out of life’s own self-delight had sprung

the abounding glittering jet; though now it seems

as if some marvellous empty sea-shell flung

out of the obscure dark of the rich streams,

and not a fountain, were the symbol which

shadows the inherited glory of the rich.

some violent bitter man, some powerful man

called architect and artist in, that they,

bitter and violent men, might rear in stone

the sweetness that all longed for night and day,

the gentleness none there had ever known;

but when the master’s buried mice can play,

and maybe the great-grandson of that house,

for all its bronze and marble, ’s but a mouse.

o what if gardens where the peacock strays

with delicate feet upon old terraces,

or else all juno from an urn displays

before the indifferent garden deities;

o what if levelled lawns and gravelled ways

where slippered contemplation finds his ease

and childhood a delight for every sense,

but take our greatness with our violence?

what if the glory of escutcheoned doors,

and buildings that a haughtier age designed,

the pacing to and fro on polished floors

amid great chambers and long galleries, lined

with famous portraits of our ancestors;

what if those things the greatest of mankind

consider most to magnify, or to bless,

but take our greatness with our bitterness?





207

ii. my house


an ancient bridge, and a more ancient tower,

a farmhouse that is sheltered by its wall,

an acre of stony ground,

where the symbolic rose can break in flower,

old ragged elms, old thorns innumerable,

the sound of the rain or sound

of every wind that blows;

the stilted water-hen

crossing stream again

scared by the splashing of a dozen cows;

a winding stair, a chamber arched with stone,

a grey stone fireplace with an open hearth,

a candle and written page.

il penseroso’s platonist toiled on

in some like chamber, shadowing forth

how the daemonic rage

imagined everything.

benighted travellers

from markets and from fairs

have seen his midnight candle glimmering.

two men have founded here. a man-at-arms

gathered a score of horse and spent his days

in this tumultuous spot,

where through long wars and sudden night alarms

his dwindling score and he seemed castaways

forgetting and forgot;

and i, that after me

my bodily heirs may find,

to exalt a lonely mind,

befitting emblems of adversity.





208

iii. my table


two heavy trestles, and a board

where sato’s gift, a changeless sword,

by pen and paper lies,

that it may moralise

my days out of their aimlessness.

a bit of an embroidered dress

covers its wooden sheath.

chaucer had not drawn breath

when it was forged. in sato’s house,

curved like new moon, moon-luminous,

it lay five hundred years.

yet if no change appears

no moon; only an aching heart

conceives a changeless work of art.

our learned men have urged

that when and where ’twas forged

a marvellous accomplishment,

in painting or in pottery, went

from father unto son

and through the centuries ran

and seemed unchanging like the sword.

soul’s beauty being most adored,

men and their business took

the soul’s unchanging look;

for the most rich inheritor,

knowing that none could pass heaven’s door

that loved inferior art,

had such an aching heart

that he, although a country’s talk

for silken clothes and stately walk,

had waking wits; it seemed

juno’s peacock screamed.





209

iv. my descendants


having inherited a vigorous mind

from my old fathers, i must nourish dreams

and leave a woman and a man behind

as vigorous of mind, and yet it seems

life scarce can cast a fragrance on the wind,

scarce spread a glory to the morning beams,

but the torn petals strew the garden plot;

and there’s but common greenness after that.

and what if my descendants lose the flower

through natural declension of the soul,

through too much business with the passing hour,

through too much play, or marriage with a fool?

may this laborious stair and this stark tower

become a roofless ruin that the owl

may build in the cracked masonry and cry

her desolation to the desolate sky.

the primum mobile that fashioned us

has made the very owls in circles move;

and i, that count myself most prosperous,

seeing that love and friendship are enough, for an old neighbour’s friendship chose the house

and decked and altered it for a girl’s love,

and know whatever flourish and decline

these stones remain their monument and mine.





210

v. the road at my door


an affable irregular,

a heavily-built falstaffian man,

comes cracking jokes of civil war

as though to die by gunshot were

the finest play under the sun.

a brown lieutenant and his men.

half dressed in national uniform,

stand at my door, and i complain

of the foul weather, hail and rain,

a pear tree broken by the storm.

i count those feathered balls of soot

the moor-hen guides upon the stream,

to silence the envy in my thought;

and turn towards my chamber, caught

in the cold snows of a dream.





211

vi. the stare’s nest by my window


the bees build in the crevices

of loosening masonry, and there

the mother birds bring grubs and flies.

my wall is loosening; honey-bees,

come build in the empty house of the stare.

we are closed in, and the key is turned

on our uncertainty; somewhere

a man is killed, or a house burned,

yet no clear fact to be discerned:

come build in the empty house of the stare.

a barricade of stone or of wood;

some fourteen days of civil war;

last night they trundled down the road

that dead young soldier in his blood:

come build in the empty house of the stare.

we had fed the heart on fantasies,

the heart’s grown brutal from the fare;

more substance in our enmities

than in our love; o honey-bees,

come build in the empty house of the stare.





212

vii. i see phantoms of hatred and of the heart’s fullness and of the coming emptiness


i climb to the tower-top and lean upon broken stone,

a mist that is like blown snow is sweeping over all,

valley, river, and elms, under the light of a moon

that seems unlike itself, that seems unchangeable,

a glittering sword out of the east. a puff of wind

and those white glimmering fragments of the mist sweep by.

frenzies bewilder, reveries perturb the mind;

monstrous familiar images swim to the mind’s eye.

‘vengeance upon the murderers,’ the cry goes up,

‘vengeance for jacques molay.’ in cloud-pale rags, or in lace,

the rage-driven, rage-tormented, and rage-hungry troop,

trooper belabouring trooper, biting at arm or at face, plunges towards nothing, arms and fingers spreading wide

for the embrace of nothing; and i, my wits astray

because of all that senseless tumult, all but cried

for vengeance on the murderers of jacques molay.

their legs long, delicate and slender, aquamarine their eyes,

magical unicorns bear ladies on their backs.

the ladies close their musing eyes. no prophecies,

remembered out of babylonian almanacs.

have closed the ladies’ eyes, their minds are but a pool

where even longing drowns under its own excess;

nothing but stillness can remain when hearts are full

of their own sweetness, bodies of their loveliness.

the cloud-pale unicorns, the eyes of aquamarine.

the quivering half-closed eyelids, the rags of cloud or of lace,

or eyes that rage has brightened, arms it has made lean.

give place to an indifferent multitude, give place

to brazen hawks. nor self-delighting reverie.

nor hate of what’s to come, nor pity for what’s gone,

nothing but grip of claw, and the eye’s complacency,

the innumerable clanging wings that have put out the moon.

i turn away and shut the door, and on the stair

wonder how many times i could have proved my worth

in something that all others understand or share;

but o! ambitious heart, had such a proof drawn forth

a company of friends, a conscience set at ease,

it had but made us pine the more. the abstract joy,

the half-read wisdom of daemonic images,

suffice the ageing man as once the growing boy.

1923





213

nineteen hundred and nineteen


i

many ingenious lovely things are gone

that seemed sheer miracle to the multitude.

protected from the circle of the moon

that pitches common things about. there stood

amid the ornamental bronze and stone

an ancient image made of olive wood—

and gone are phidias’ famous ivories

and all the golden grasshoppers and bees.

we too had many pretty toys when young;

a law indifferent to blame or praise,

to bribe or threat; habits that made old wrong

melt down, as it were wax in the sun’s rays;

public opinion ripening for so long

we thought it would outlive all future days.

o what fine thought we had because we thought

that the worst rogues and rascals had died out.

all teeth were drawn, all ancient tricks unlearned,

and a great army but a showy thing;

what matter that no cannon had been turned

into a ploughshare? parliament and king

thought that unless a little powder burned

the trumpeters might burst with trumpeting

and yet it lack all glory; and perchance

the guardsmen’s drowsy chargers would not prance.

now days are dragon-ridden, the nightmare

rides upon sleep: a drunken soldiery

can leave the mother, murdered at her door,

to crawl in her own blood, and go scot-free;

the night can sweat with terror as before

we pieced our thoughts into philosophy,

and planned to bring the world under a rule,

who are but weasels fighting in a hole.

he who can read the signs nor sink unmanned

into the half-deceit of some intoxicant

from shallow wits; who knows no work can stand,

whether health, wealth or peace of mind were spent

on master-work of intellect or hand,

no honour leave its mighty monument,

has but one comfort left: all triumph would

but break upon his ghostly solitude.

but is there any comfort to be found?

man is in love and loves what vanishes,

what more is there to say? that country round

none dared admit, if such a thought were his.

incendiary or bigot could be found

to burn that stump on the acropolis,

or break in bits the famous ivories

or traffic in the grasshoppers or bees.

ii

when loie fuller’s chinese dancers enwound

a shining web, a floating ribbon of cloth,

it seemed that a dragon of air

had fallen among dancers, had whirled them round

or hurried them off on its own furious path;

so the platonic year

whirls out new right and wrong,

whirls in the old instead;

all men are dancers and their tread

goes to the barbarous clangour of a gong.

iii

some moralist or mythological poet

compares the solitary soul to a swan;

i am satisfied with that,

satisfied if a troubled mirror show it,

before that brief gleam of its life be gone,

an image of its state;

the wings half spread for flight,

the breast thrust out in pride

whether to play, or to ride

those winds that clamour of approaching night.

a man in his own secret meditation

is lost amid the labyrinth that he has made

in art or politics;

some platonist affirms that in the station

where we should cast off body and trade

the ancient habit sticks,

and that if our works could

but vanish with our breath

that were a lucky death,

for triumph can but mar our solitude.

the swan has leaped into the desolate heaven:

that image can bring wildness, bring a rage

to end all things, to end

what my laborious life imagined, even

the half-imagined, the half-written page;

o but we dreamed to mend

whatever mischief seemed

to afflict mankind, but now

that winds of winter blow

learn that we were crack-pated when we dreamed.

iv

we, who seven years ago

talked of honour and of truth,

shriek with pleasure if we show

the weasel’s twist, the weasel’s tooth.

v

come let us mock at the great

that had such burdens on the mind

and toiled so hard and late

to leave some monument behind,

nor thought of the levelling wind.

come let us mock at the wise;

with all those calendars whereon

they fixed old aching eyes,

they never saw how seasons run,

and now but gape at the sun.

come let us mock at the good

that fancied goodness might be gay,

and sick of solitude

might proclaim a holiday:

wind shrieked—and where are they?

mock mockers after that

that would not lift a hand maybe

to help good, wise or great

to bar that foul storm out, for we

traffic in mockery.

vi

violence upon the roads: violence of horses;

some few have handsome riders, are garlanded

on delicate sensitive ear or tossing mane,

but wearied running round and round in their courses

all break and vanish, and evil gathers head:

herodias’ daughters have returned again,

a sudden blast of dusty wind and after

thunder of feet, tumult of images,

their purpose in the labyrinth of the wind;

and should some crazy hand dare touch a daughter

all turn with amorous cries, or angry cries.

according to the wind, for all are blind.

but now wind drops, dust settles; thereupon

there lurches past, his great eyes without thought

under the shadow of stupid straw-pale locks,

that insolent fiend robert artisson

to whom the love-lorn lady kyteler brought

bronzed peacock feathers, red combs of her cocks.

1919





214

the wheel


through winter-time we call on spring,

and through the spring on summer call,

and when abounding hedges ring declare that winter’s best of all;

and after that there’s nothing good

because the spring-time has not come—

nor know what disturbs our blood

is but its longing for the tomb.





215

youth and age


much did i rage when young,

being by the world oppressed,

but now with flattering tongue

it speeds the parting guest.

1924





216

the new faces


if you, that have grown old, were the first dead,

neither catalpa tree nor scented lime

should hear my living feet, nor would i tread

where we wrought that shall break the teeth of time.

let the new faces play what tricks they will

in the old rooms; night can outbalance day,

our shadows rove the garden gravel still,

the living seem more shadowy than they.





217

a prayer for my son


bid a strong ghost stand at the head

that my michael may sleep sound,

nor cry, not turn in the bed

till his morning meal come round;

and may departing twilight keep

all dread afar till morning’s back,

that his mother may not lack

her fill of sleep.

bid the ghost have sword in fist:

some there are, for i avow

such devilish things exist,

who have planned his murder, for they know

of some most haughty deed or thought

that waits upon his future days,

and would through hatred of the bays

bring that to nought.

though you can fashion everything

from nothing every day, and teach

the morning stars to sing,

you have lacked articulate speech

to tell your simplest want, and known,

wailing upon a woman’s knee,

all of that worst ignominy

of flesh and bone;

and when through all the town there ran

the servants of your enemy,

a woman and a man,

unless the holy writings lie,

hurried through the smooth and rough

and through the fertile and waste,

protecting, till the danger past,

with human love.





218

two songs from a play


i

i saw a staring virgin stand

where holy dionysus died,

and tear the heart out of his side,

and lay the heart upon her hand

and bear that beating heart away;

and then did all the muses sing

of magnus annus at the spring,

as though god’s death were but a play.

another troy must rise and set,

another lineage feed the crow,

another argo’s painted prow

drive to a flashier bauble yet.

the roman empire stood appalled:

it dropped the reins of peace and war

when that fierce virgin and her star

out of the fabulous darkness called.

ii

in pity for man’s darkening thought

he walked that room and issued thence

in galilean turbulence;

the babylonian starlight brought

a fabulous, formless darkness in;

odour of blood when christ was slain

made all platonic tolerance vain

and vain all doric discipline.

everything that man esteems

endures a moment or a day.

love’s pleasure drives his love away,

the painter’s brush consumes his dreams;

the herald’s cry, the soldier’s tread

exhaust his glory and his might:

whatever flames upon the night

man’s own resinous heart has fed.





219

fragments


i

locke sank into a swoon;

the garden died;

god took the spinning-jenny

out of his side.

ii

where got i that truth?

out of a medium’s mouth,

out of nothing it came,

out of the forest loam,

out of dark night where lay

the crowns of nineveh.





220

leda and the swan


a sudden blow: the great wings beating still

above the staggering girl, her thighs caressed

by the dark webs, her nape caught in his bill,

he holds her helpless breast upon his breast.

how can those terrified vague fingers push

the feathered glory from her loosening thighs?

and how can body, laid in that white rush,

but feel the strange heart beating where it lies?

a shudder in the loins engenders there

the broken wall, the burning roof and tower

and agamemnon dead.

being so caught up,

so mastered by the brute blood of the air,

did she put on his knowledge with his power

before the indifferent beak could let her drop?

1923





221

on a picture of a black centaur by edmund dulac


your hooves have stamped at the black margin of the wood,

even where horrible green parrots call and swing.

my works are all stamped down into the sultry mud.

i knew that horse-play, knew it for a murderous thing.

what wholesome sun has ripened is wholesome food to eat,

and that alone; yet i, being driven half insane

because of some green wing, gathered old mummy wheat

in the mad abstract dark and ground it grain by grain

and after baked it slowly in an oven; but now

i bring full-flavoured wine out of a barrel found

where seven ephesian topers slept and never knew

when alexander’s empire passed, they slept so sound.

stretch out your limbs and sleep a long saturnian sleep;

i have loved you better than my soul for all my words,

and there is none so fit to keep a watch and keep

unwearied eyes upon those horrible green birds.





222

among school children


i

i walk through the long schoolroom questioning;

a kind old nun in a white hood replies;

the children learn to cipher and to sing,

to study reading-books and history,

to cut and sew, be neat in everything

in the best modern way—the children’s eyes

in momentary wonder stare upon

a sixty-year-old smiling public man.

ii

i dream of a ledaean body, bent

above a sinking fire, a tale that she

told of a harsh reproof, or trivial event

that changed some childish day to tragedy—

told, and it seemed that our two natures blent

into a sphere from youthful sympathy,

or else, to alter plato’s parable,

into the yolk and white of the one shell.

iii

and thinking of that fit of grief or rage

i look upon one child or t’other there

and wonder if she stood so at that age—

for even daughters of the swan can share

something of every paddler’s heritage—

and had that colour upon cheek or hair,

and thereupon my heart is driven wild:

she stands before me as a living child.

iv

her present image floats into the mind—

did quattrocento finger fashion it

hollow of cheek as though it drank the wind

and took a mess of shadows for its meat?

and i though never of ledaean kind

had pretty plumage once—enough of that,

better to smile on all that smile, and show

there is a comfortable kind of old scarecrow.

v

what youthful mother, a shape upon her lap

honey of generation had betrayed,

and that must sleep, shriek, struggle to escape

as recollection or the drug decide,

would think her son, did she but see that shape

with sixty or more winters on its head,

a compensation for the pang of his birth,

or the uncertainty of his setting forth?

vi

plato thought nature but a spume that plays

upon a ghostly paradigm of things;

solider aristotle played the taws

upon the bottom of a king of kings;

world-famous golden-thighed pythagoras

fingered upon a fiddle-stick or strings

what a star sang and careless muses heard:

old clothes upon old sticks to scare a bird.

vii

both nuns and mothers worship images,

but those the candles light are not as those

that animate a mother’s reveries,

but keep a marble or a bronze repose.

and yet they too break hearts—o presences

that passion, piety or affection knows,

and that all heavenly glory symbolise—

o self-born mockers of man’s enterprise;

viii

labour is blossoming or dancing where

the body is not bruised to pleasure soul,

nor beauty born out of its own despair,

nor blear-eyed wisdom out of midnight oil.

o chestnut tree, great rooted blossomer,

are you the leaf, the blossom or the bole?

o body swayed to music, o brightening glance,

how can we know the dancer from the dance?





223

colonus’ praise


(from ‘oedipus at colonus’)

chorus. come praise colonus’ horses, and come praise

the wine-dark of the wood’s intricacies,

the nightingale that deafens daylight there,

if daylight ever visit where,

unvisited by tempest or by sun,

immortal ladies tread the ground

dizzy with harmonious sound,

semele’s lad a gay companion.

and yonder in the gymnasts’ garden thrives

the self-sown, self-begotten shape that gives

athenian intellect its mastery,

even the grey-leaved olive-tree

miracle-bred out of the living stone;

nor accident of peace nor war

shall wither that old marvel, for

the great grey-eyed athena stares thereon.

who comes into this country, and has come

where golden crocus and narcissus bloom,

where the great mother, mourning for her daughter

and beauty-drunken by the water

glittering among grey-leaved olive-trees,

has plucked a flower and sung her loss;

who finds abounding cephisus

has found the loveliest spectacle there is.

because this country has a pious mind

and so remembers that when all mankind

but trod the road, or splashed about the shore,

poseidon gave it bit and oar,

every colonus lad or lass discourses

of that oar and of that bit;

summer and winter, day and night,

of horses and horses of the sea, white horses.





224

wisdom


the true faith discovered was

when painted panel, statuary,

glass-mosaic, window-glass,

amended what was told awry

by some peasant gospeller;

swept the sawdust from the floor

of that working-carpenter.

miracle had its playtime where

in damask clothed and on a seat

chryselephantine, cedar-boarded,

his majestic mother sat

stitching at a purple hoarded

that he might be nobly breeched

in starry towers of babylon

noah’s freshet never reached.

king abundance got him on

innocence; and wisdom he.

that cognomen sounded best

considering what wild infancy

drove horror from his mother’s breast.





225

the fool by the roadside


when all works that have

from cradle run to grave

from grave to cradle run instead;

when thoughts that a fool

has wound upon a spool

are but loose thread, are but loose thread;

when cradle and spool are past

and i mere shade at last

coagulate of stuff

transparent like the wind,

i think that i may find

a faithful love, a faithful love.





226

owen aherne and his dancers


i

a strange thing surely that my heart, when love had come unsought

upon the norman upland or in that poplar shade,

should find no burden but itself and yet should be worn out.

it could not bear that burden and therefore it went mad.

the south wind brought it longing, and the east wind despair,

the west wind made it pitiful, and the north wind afraid.

it feared to give its love a hurt with all the tempest there;

it feared the hurt that she could give and therefore it went mad.

i can exchange opinion with any neighbouring mind,

i have as healthy flesh and blood as any rhymer’s had,

but o! my heart could bear no more when the upland

caught the wind;

i ran, i ran, from my love’s side because my heart went

mad.

ii

the heart behind its rib laughed out. ‘you have called me mad,’ it said.

‘because i made you turn away and run from that young child;

how could she mate with fifty years that was so wildly bred?

let the cage bird and the cage bird mate and the wild bird mate in the wild.’

‘you but imagine lies all day, o murderer,’ i replied.

‘and all those lies have but one end, poor wretches to betray;

i did not find in any cage the woman at my side.

o but her heart would break to learn my thoughts are

far away.’

‘speak all your mind,’ my heart sang out, ‘speak all your mind; who cares,

now that your tongue cannot persuade the child till she mistake

her childish gratitude for love and match your fifty years?

o let her choose a young man now and all for his wild sake.’





a man young and old





227

i. first love


though nurtured like the sailing moon

in beauty’s murderous brood,

she walked awhile and blushed awhile

and on my pathway stood

until i thought her body bore

a heart of flesh and blood.

but since i laid a hand thereon

and found a heart of stone

i have attempted many things

and not a thing is done,

for every hand is lunatic

that travels on the moon.

she smiled and that transfigured me and left me but a lout,

maundering here, and maundering there,

emptier of thought

than the heavenly circuit of its stars

when the moon sails out.





228

ii. human dignity


like the moon her kindness is,

if kindness i may call

what has no comprehension in’t,

but is the same for all

as though my sorrow were a scene

upon a painted wall.

so like a bit of stone i lie

under a broken tree.

i could recover if i shrieked

my heart’s agony

to passing bird, but i am dumb

from human dignity.





229

iii. the mermaid


a mermaid found a swimming lad,

picked him for her own,

pressed her body to his body,

laughed; and plunging down

forgot in cruel happiness

that even lovers drown.





230

iv. the death of the hare


i have pointed out the yelling pack,

the hare leap to the wood,

and when i pass a compliment

rejoice as lover should

at the drooping of an eye,

at the mantling of the blood.

then suddenly my heart is wrung

by her distracted air

and i remember wildness lost

and after, swept from there,

am set down standing in the wood

at the death of the hare.





231

v. the empty cup


a crazy man that found a cup,

when all but dead of thirst,

hardly dared to wet his mouth

imagining, moon-accursed,

that another mouthful

and his beating heart would burst.

october last i found it too

but found it dry as bone,

and for that reason am i crazed

and my sleep is gone.





232

vi. his memories


we should be hidden from their eyes,

being but holy shows

and bodies broken like a thorn

whereon the bleak north blows,

to think of buried hector

and that none living knows.

the women take so little stock

in what i do or say

they’d sooner leave their cosseting

to hear a jackass bray;

my arms are like the twisted thorn

and yet there beauty lay;

the first of all the tribe lay there

and did such pleasure take—

she who had brought great hector down

and put all troy to wreck—

that she cried into this ear,

‘strike me if i shriek.’





233

vii. the friends of his youth


laughter not time destroyed my voice

and put that crack in it,

and when the moon’s pot-bellied

i get a laughing fit,

for that old madge comes down the lane,

a stone upon her breast,

and a cloak wrapped about the stone,

and she can get no rest

with singing hush and hush-a-bye;

she that has been wild

and barren as a breaking wave

thinks that the stone’s a child.

and peter that had great affairs

and was a pushing man

shrieks, ‘i am king of the peacocks,’

and perches on a stone;

and then i laugh till tears run down

and the heart thumps at my side,

remembering that her shriek was love

and that he shrieks from pride.





234

viii. summer and spring


we sat under an old thorn-tree

and talked away the night,

told all that had been said or done

since first we saw the light,

and when we talked of growing up

knew that we’d halved a soul

and fell the one in t’other’s arms

that we might make it whole;

then peter had a murdering look,

for it seemed that he and she

had spoken of their childish days

under that very tree.

o what a bursting out there was,

and what a blossoming,

when we had all the summer-time

and she had all the spring!





235

ix. the secrets of the old


i have old women’s secrets now

that had those of the young;

madge tells me what i dared not think

when my blood was strong,

and what had drowned a lover once

sounds like an old song.

though margery is stricken dumb

if thrown in madge’s way,

we three make up a solitude;

for none alive to-day

can know the stories that we know

or say the things we say:

how such a man pleased women most

of all that are gone,

how such a pair loved many years

and such a pair but one,

stories of the bed of straw

or the bed of down.





236

x. his wildness


o bid me mount and sail up there

amid the cloudy wrack,

for peg and meg and paris’ love

that had so straight a back,

are gone away, and some that stay

have changed their silk for sack.

were i but there and none to hear

i’d have a peacock cry,

for that is natural to a man

that lives in memory,

being all alone i’d nurse a stone

and sing it lullaby.





237

xi. from ‘oedipus at colonus’


endure what life god gives and ask no longer span;

cease to remember the delights of youth, travel-wearied

aged man; delight becomes death-longing if all longing else be vain.

even from that delight memory treasures so,

death, despair, division of families, all entanglements of

mankind grow, as that old wandering beggar and these god-hated children know.

in the long echoing street the laughing dancers throng,

the bride is carried to the bridegroom’s chamber through

torchlight and tumultuous song;

i celebrate the silent kiss that ends short life or long.

never to have lived is best, ancient writers say;

never to have drawn the breath of life, never to have looked

into the eye of day;

the second best’s a gay goodnight and quickly turn away.





238

the three monuments


they hold their public meetings where

our most renowned patriots stand,

one among the birds of the air,

a stumpier on either hand;

and all the popular statesmen say

that purity built up the state

and after kept it from decay;

admonish us to cling to that

and let all base ambition be,

for intellect would make us proud

and pride bring in impurity:

the three old rascals laugh aloud.





239

all souls’ night


epilogue to ‘vision’

midnight has come and the great christ church bell

and many a lesser bell sound through the room;

and it is all souls’ night.

and two long glasses brimmed with muscatel

bubble upon the table. a ghost may come;

for it is a ghost’s right,

his element is so fine

being sharpened by his death,

to drink from the wine-breath

while our gross palates drink from the whole wine.

i need some mind that, if the cannon sound

from every quarter of the world, can stay

wound in mind’s pondering,

as mummies in the mummy-cloth are wound;

because i have a marvellous thing to say,

a certain marvellous thing

none hut the living mock,

though not for sober ear;

it may be all that hear

should laugh and weep an hour upon the clock.

horton’s the first i call. he loved strange thought

and knew that sweet extremity of pride

that’s called platonic love,

and that to such a pitch of passion wrought

nothing could bring him, when his lady died,

anodyne for his love.

words were but wasted breath;

one dear hope had he:

the inclemency

of that or the next winter would be death.

two thoughts were so mixed up i could not tell

whether of her or god he thought the most,

but think that his mind’s eye,

when upward turned, on one sole image fell;

and that a slight companionable ghost,

wild with divinity,

had so lit up the whole

immense miraculous house

the bible promised us,

it seemed a gold-fish swimming in a bowl.

on florence emery i call the next,

who finding the first wrinkles on a face

admired and beautiful,

and by foreknowledge of the future vexed;

diminished beauty, multiplied commonplace;

preferred to teach a school

away from neighbour or friend,

among dark skins, and there

permit foul years to wear

hidden from eyesight to the unnoticed end.

before that end much had she ravelled out

from a discourse in figurative speech

by some learned indian

on the soul’s journey. how it is whirled about

wherever the orbit of the moon can reach,

until it plunge into the sun;

and there, free and yet fast,

being both chance and choice,

forget its broken toys

and sink into its own delight at last.

i call macgregor mathers from his grave,

for in my first hard spring-time we were friends,

although of late estranged.

i thought him half a lunatic, half knave,

and told him so, but friendship never ends;

and what if mind seem changed,

and it seem changed with the mind,

when thoughts rise up unbid

on generous things that he did

and i grow half contented to be blind!

he had much industry at setting out,

much boisterous courage, before loneliness

had driven him crazed;

for meditations upon unknown thought

make human intercourse grow less and less;

they are neither paid nor praised.

but he’d object to the host,

the glass because my glass;

a ghost-lover he was

and may have grown more arrogant being a ghost.

but names are nothing. what matter who it be,

so that his elements have grown so fine

the fume of muscatel

can give his sharpened palate ecstasy

no living man can drink from the whole wine.

i have mummy truths to tell

whereat the living mock,

though not for sober ear,

for maybe all that hear

should laugh and weep an hour upon the clock.

such thought—such thought have i that hold it tight

till meditation master all its parts,

nothing can stay my glance

until that glance run in the world’s despite

to where the damned have howled away their hearts,

and where the blessed dance;

such thought, that in it bound

i need no other thing,

wound in mind’s wandering

as mummies in the mummy-cloth are wound.

oxford, autumn 1930





the winding stair and other poems 1933


the winding stair and other poems





240

in memory of eva gore-booth and con markievicz


the light of evening, lissadell,

great windows open to the south,

two girls in silk kimonos, both

beautiful, one a gazelle.

but a raving autumn shears

blossom from the summer’s wreath;

the older is condemned to death,

pardoned, drags out lonely years

conspiring among the ignorant.

i know not what the younger dreams—

some vague utopia—and she seems,

when withered old and skeleton-gaunt,

an image of such politics.

many a time i think to seek

one or the other out and speak

of that old georgian mansion, mix

pictures of the mind, recall

that table and the talk of youth,

two girls in silk kimonos, both

beautiful, one a gazelle.

dear shadows, now you know it all,

all the folly of a fight

with a common wrong or right.

the innocent and the beautiful

have no enemy but time;

arise and bid me strike a match

and strike another till time catch;

should the conflagration climb,

run till all the sages know.

we the great gazebo built,

they convicted us of guilt;

bid me strike a match and blow.

october 1927





241

death


nor dread nor hope attend

a dying animal;

a man awaits his end

dreading and hoping all;

many times he died,

many times rose again.

a great man in his pride

confronting murderous men

casts derision upon

supersession of breath;

he knows death to the bone—

man has created death.





242

a dialogue of self and soul


i

my soul. i summon to the winding ancient stair; set all your mind upon the steep ascent,

upon the broken, crumbling battlement,

upon the breathless starlit air,

upon the star that marks the hidden pole;

fix every wandering thought upon

that quarter where all thought is done:

who can distinguish darkness from the soul?

my self. the consecrated blade upon my knees

is sato’s ancient blade, still as it was,

still razor-keen, still like a looking-glass

unspotted by the centuries;

that flowering, silken, old embroidery, torn

from some court-lady’s dress and round

the wooden scabbard bound and wound,

can, tattered, still protect, faded adorn.

my soul. why should the imagination of a man

long past his prime remember things that are

emblematical of love and war?

think of ancestral night that can,

if but imagination scorn the earth

and intellect its wandering

to this and that and t’other thing,

deliver from the crime of death and birth.

my self. montashigi, third of his family, fashioned it

five hundred years ago, about it lie

flowers from i know not what embroidery—

heart’s purple—and all these i set

for emblems of the day against the tower

emblematical of the night,

and claim as by a soldier’s right

a charter to commit the crime once more.

my soul. such fullness in that quarter overflows

and falls into the basin of the mind

that man is stricken deaf and dumb and blind,

for intellect no longer knows

is from the ought, or knower from the known—

that is to say, ascends to heaven;

only the dead can be forgiven;

but when i think of that my tongue’s a stone.

ii

my self. a living man is blind and drinks his drop.

what matter if the ditches are impure?

what matter if i live it all once more?

endure that toil of growing up;

the ignominy of boyhood; the distress

of boyhood changing into man;

the unfinished man and his pain

brought face to face with his own clumsiness;

the finished man among his enemies?—

how in the name of heaven can he escape

that defiling and disfigured shape

the mirror of malicious eyes

casts upon his eyes until at last

he thinks that shape must be his shape?

and what’s the good of an escape

if honour find him in the wintry blast?

i am content to live it all again

and yet again, if it be life to pitch

into the frog-spawn of a blind man’s ditch,

a blind man battering blind men;

or into that most fecund ditch of all,

the folly that man does

or must suffer, if he woos

a proud woman not kindred of his soul.

i am content to follow to its source

every event in action or in thought;

measure the lot; forgive myself the lot!

when such as i cast out remorse

so great a sweetness flows into the breast

we must laugh and we must sing,

we are blest by everything,

everything we look upon is blest.





243

blood and the moon


i

blessed be this place,

more blessed still this tower;

a bloody, arrogant power

rose out of the race

uttering, mastering it,

rose like these walls from these

storm-beaten cottages—

in mockery i have set

a powerful emblem up,

and sing it rhyme upon rhyme

in mockery of a time

half dead at the top.

ii

alexandria’s was a beacon tower, and babylon’s

an image of the moving heavens, a log-book of the sun’s

journey and the moon’s;

and shelley had his towers, thought’s crowned powers he

called them once.

i declare this tower is my symbol; i declare

this winding, gyring, spiring treadmill of a stair is my ancestral stair;

that goldsmith and the dean, berkeley and burke have travelled there.

swift beating on his breast in sibylline frenzy blind

because the heart in his blood-sodden breast had dragged him down into mankind,

goldsmith deliberately sipping at the honey-pot of his mind,

and haughtier-headed burke that proved the state a tree,

that this unconquerable labyrinth of the birds, century after century,

cast but dead leaves to mathematical equality;

and god-appointed berkeley that proved all things a dream,

that this pragmatical, preposterous pig of a world, its farrow that so solid seem,

must vanish on the instant if the mind but change its theme;

saeva indignatio and the labourer’s hire.

the strength that gives our blood and state magnanimity of its own desire;

everything that is not god consumed with intellectual fire.

iii

the purity of the unclouded moon

has flung its arrowy shaft upon the floor.

seven centuries have passed and it is pure;

the blood of innocence has left no stain.

there, on blood-saturated ground, have stood

soldier, assassin, executioner,

whether for daily pittance or in blind fear

or out of abstract hatred, and shed blood,

but could not cast a single jet thereon.

odour of blood on the ancestral stair!

and we that have shed none must gather there

and clamour in drunken frenzy for the moon.

iv

upon the dusty, glittering windows cling,

and seem to cling upon the moonlit skies,

tortoiseshell butterflies, peacock butterflies.

a couple of night-moths are on the wing.

is every modern nation like the tower,

half dead at the top? no matter what i said,

for wisdom is the property of the dead,

a something incompatible with life; and power,

like everything that has the stain of blood,

a property of the living; but no stain

can come upon the visage of the moon

when it has looked in glory from a cloud.





244

oil and blood


in tombs of gold and lapis lazuli

bodies of holy men and women exude

miraculous oil, odour of violet.

but under heavy loads of trampled clay

lie bodies of the vampires full of blood;

their shrouds are bloody and their lips are wet.





245

veronica’s napkin


the heavenly circuit; berenice’s hair;

tent-pole of eden; the tent’s drapery;

symbolical glory of the earth and air!

the father and his angelic hierarchy

that made the magnitude and glory there

stood in the circuit of a needle’s eye.

some found a different pole, and where it stood

a pattern on a napkin dipped in blood.





246

symbols


a storm-beaten old watch-tower,

a blind hermit rings the hour.

all-destroying sword-blade still

carried by the wandering fool.

gold-sewn silk on the sword-blade,

beauty and fool together laid.





247

spilt milk


we that have done and thought,

that have thought and done,

must ramble, and thin out

like milk spilt on a stone.





248

the nineteenth century and after


though the great song return no more

there’s keen delight in what we have:

the rattle of pebbles on the shore

under the receding wave.





249

statistics


‘those platonists are a curse,’ he said,

‘god’s fire upon the wane,

a diagram hung there instead,

more women born than men.’





250

three movements


shakespearean fish swam the sea, far away from land;

romantic fish swam in nets coming to the hand;

what are all those fish that lie gasping on the strand?





251

the seven sages


the first. my great-grandfather spoke to edmund burke in grattan’s house.

the second. my great-grandfather shared a pot-house bench with oliver goldsmith once.

the third. my great-grandfather’s father talked of music, drank tar-water with the bishop of cloyne.

the fourth. but mine saw stella once.

the fifth. whence came our thought?

the sixth. from four great minds that hated whiggery.

the fifth. burke was a whig.

the sixth. whether they knew or not,

goldsmith and burke, swift and the bishop of cloyne

all hated whiggery; but what is whiggery?

a levelling, rancorous, rational sort of mind

that never looked out of the eye of a saint

or out of drunkard’s eye.

the seventh. all’s whiggery now, but we old men are massed against the world.

the first. american colonies, ireland, france and india harried, and burke’s great melody against it.

the second. oliver goldsmith sang what he had seen,

roads full of beggars, cattle in the fields,

but never saw the trefoil stained with blood,

the avenging leaf those fields raised up against it.

the fourth. the tomb of swift wears it away.

the third. a voice

soft as the rustle of a reed from cloyne

that gathers volume; now a thunder-clap.

the sixth. what schooling had these four?

the seventh. they walked the roads

mimicking what they heard, as children mimic;

they understood that wisdom comes of beggary.





252

the crazed moon


crazed through much child-bearing

the moon is staggering in the sky;

moon-struck by the despairing

glances of her wandering eye

we grope, and grope in vain,

for children born of her pain.

children dazed or dead!

when she in all her virginal pride

first trod on the mountain’s head

what stir ran through the countryside

where every foot obeyed her glance!

what manhood led the dance!

fly-catchers of the moon,

our hands are blenched, our fingers seem

but slender needles of bone;

blenched by that malicious dream

they are spread wide that each

may rend what comes in reach.





253

coole park, 1929


i meditate upon a swallow’s flight,

upon an aged woman and her house,

a sycamore and lime tree lost in night

although that western cloud is luminous,

great works constructed there in nature’s spite

for scholars and for poets after us,

thoughts long knitted into a single thought,

a dance-like glory that those walls begot.

there hyde before he had beaten into prose

that noble blade the muses buckled on,

there one that ruffled in a manly pose

for all his timid heart, there that slow man,

that meditative man, john synge, and those

impetuous men, shawe-taylor and hugh lane,

found pride established in humility,

a scene well set and excellent company.

they came like swallows and like swallows went,

and yet a woman’s powerful character

could keep a swallow to its first intent;

and half a dozen in formation there,

that seemed to whirl upon a compass-point,

found certainty upon the dreaming air,

the intellectual sweetness of those lines

that cut through time or cross it withershins.

here, traveller, scholar, poet, take your stand

when all those rooms and passages are gone,

when nettles wave upon a shapeless mound

and saplings root among the broken stone,

and dedicate—eyes bent upon the ground,

back turned upon the brightness of the sun

and all the sensuality of the shade—

a moment’s memory to that laurelled head.





254

coole and ballylee, 1931


under my window-ledge the waters race,

otters below and moor-hens on the top,

run for a mile undimmed in heaven’s face

then darkening through ‘dark’ raftery’s ‘cellar’ drop,

run underground, rise in a rocky place

in coole demesne, and there to finish up

spread to a lake and drop into a hole.

what’s water but the generated soul?

upon the border of that lake’s a wood

now all dry sticks under a wintry sun,

and in a copse of beeches there i stood,

for nature’s pulled her tragic buskin on

and all the rant’s a mirror of my mood:

at sudden thunder of the mounting swan

i turned about and looked where branches break

the glittering reaches of the flooded lake.

another emblem there! that stormy white

but seems a concentration of the sky;

and, like the soul, it sails into the sight

and in the morning’s gone, no man knows why;

and is so lovely that it sets to right

what knowledge or its lack had set awry,

so arrogantly pure, a child might think

it can be murdered with a spot of ink.

sound of a stick upon the floor, a sound

from somebody that toils from chair to chair;

beloved books that famous hands have bound,

old marble heads, old pictures everywhere;

great rooms where travelled men and children found

content or joy; a last inheritor

where none has reigned that lacked a name and fame

or out of folly into folly came.

a spot whereon the founders lived and died

seemed once more dear than life; ancestral trees

or gardens rich in memory glorified

marriages, alliances and families,

and every bride’s ambition satisfied.

where fashion or mere fantasy decrees

man shifts about—all that great glory spent

like some poor arab tribesman and his tent.

we were the last romantics—chose for theme

traditional sanctity and loveliness;

whatever’s written in what poets name

the book of the people; whatever most can bless

the mind of man or elevate a rhyme;

but all is changed, that high horse riderless,

though mounted in that saddle homer rode

where the swan drifts upon a darkening flood.





255

for anne gregory


‘never shall a young man,

thrown into despair

by those great honey-coloured

ramparts at your ear,

love you for yourself alone

and not your yellow hair.’

‘but i can get a hair-dye

and set such colour there,

brown, or black, or carrot,

that young men in despair

may love me for myself alone

and not my yellow hair.’

‘heard an old religious man

but yesternight declare

that he had found a text to prove

that only god, my dear,

could love you for yourself alone

and not your yellow hair.’





256

swift’s epitaph


swift has sailed into his rest;

savage indignation there

cannot lacerate his breast.

imitate him if you dare,

world-besotted traveller; he

served human liberty.





257

at algeciras—a meditation upon death


the heron-billed pale cattle-birds

that feed on some foul parasite

of the moroccan hocks and herds

cross the narrow straits to light

in the rich midnight of the garden trees

till the dawn break upon those mingled seas.

often at evening when a boy

would i carry to a friend—

hoping more substantial joy

did an older mind commend—

not such as are in newton’s metaphor,

but actual shells of rosses’ level shore.

greater glory in the sun,

an evening chill upon the air,

bid imagination run

much on the great questioner;

what he can question, what if questioned i

can with a fitting confidence reply.

november 1928





258

the choice


the intellect of man is forced to choose

perfection of the life, or of the work,

and if it take the second must refuse

a heavenly mansion, raging in the dark.

when all that story’s finished, what’s the news?

in luck or out the toil has left its mark:

that old perplexity an empty purse,

or the day’s vanity, the night’s remorse.





259

mohini chatterjee


i asked if i should pray,

but the brahmin said,

‘pray for nothing, say

every night in bed,

“i have been a king,

i have been a slave,

nor is there anything,

fool, rascal, knave,

that i have not been,

and yet upon my breast

a myriad heads have lain.”’

that he might set at rest

a boy’s turbulent days

mohini chatterjee

spoke these, or words like these.

i add in commentary,

‘old lovers yet may have

all that time denied—

grave is heaped on grave

that they be satisfied—

over the blackened earth

the old troops parade,

birth is heaped on birth

that such cannonade

may thunder time away,

birth-hour and death-hour meet,

or, as great sages say,

men dance on deathless feet.’

1928





260

byzantium


the unpurged images of day recede;

the emperor’s drunken soldiery are abed;

night resonance recedes, night-walkers’ song

after great cathedral gong;

a starlit or a moonlit dome disdains

all that man is,

all mere complexities,

the fury and the mire of human veins.

before me floats an image, man or shade,

shade more than man, more image than a shade;

for hades’ bobbin bound in mummy-cloth

may unwind the winding path;

a mouth that has no moisture and no breath

breathless mouths may summon;

i hail the superhuman;

i call it death-in-life and life-in-death.

miracle, bird or golden handiwork,

more miracle than bird or handiwork,

planted on the starlit golden bough,

can like the cocks of hades crow,

or, by the moon embittered, scorn aloud

in glory of changeless metal

common bird or petal

and all complexities of mire or blood.

at midnight on the emperor’s pavement flit

flames that no faggot feeds, nor steel has lit,

nor storm disturbs, flames begotten of flame,

where blood-begotten spirits come

and all complexities of fury leave,

dying into a dance,

an agony of trance,

an agony of flame that cannot singe a sleeve.

astraddle on the dolphin’s mire and blood,

spirit after spirit! the smithies break the flood,

the golden smithies of the emperor!

marbles of the dancing floor

break bitter furies of complexity,

those images that yet

fresh images beget,

that dolphin-torn, that gong-tormented sea.

1930





261

the mother of god


the three-fold terror of love; a fallen flare

through the hollow of an ear;

wings beating about the room;

the terror of all terrors that i bore

the heavens in my womb.

had i not found content among the shows

every common woman knows,

chimney corner, garden walk,

or rocky cistern where we tread the clothes

and gather all the talk?

what is this flesh i purchased with my pains,

this fallen star my milk sustains,

this love that makes my heart’s blood stop

or strikes a sudden chill into my bones

and bids my hair stand up?





262

vacillation


i

between extremities

man runs his course;

a brand, or flaming breath,

comes to destroy

all those antinomies

of day and night;

the body calls it death,

the heart remorse.

but if these be right

what is joy?

ii

a tree there is that from its topmost bough

is half all glittering flame and half all green

abounding foliage moistened with the dew;

and half is half and yet is all the scene;

and half and half consume what they renew,

and he that attis’ image hangs between

that staring fury and the blind lush leaf

may know not what he knows, but knows not grief.

iii

get all the gold and silver that you can,

satisfy ambition, or animate

the trivial days and ram them with the sun,

and yet upon these maxims meditate:

all women dote upon an idle man

although their children need a rich estate;

no man has ever lived that had enough

of children’s gratitude or woman’s love.

no longer in lethean foliage caught

begin the preparation for your death

and from the fortieth winter by that thought

test every work of intellect or faith

and everything that your own hands have wrought,

and call those works extravagance of breath

that are not suited for such men as come

proud, open-eyed and laughing to the tomb.

iv

my fiftieth year had come and gone,

i sat, a solitary man,

in a crowded london shop,

an open book and empty cup

on the marble table-top.

while on the shop and street i gazed

my body of a sudden blazed;

and twenty minutes more or less

it seemed, so great my happiness,

that i was blessed and could bless.

v

although the summer sunlight gild

cloudy leafage of the sky,

or wintry moonlight sink the field

in storm-scattered intricacy,

i cannot look thereon,

responsibility so weighs me down.

things said or done long years ago,

or things i did not do or say

but thought that i might say or do,

weigh me down, and not a day

but something is recalled,

my conscience or my vanity appalled.

vi

a rivery field spread out below,

an odour of the new-mown hay

in his nostrils, the great lord of chou

cried, casting off the mountain snow,

‘let all things pass away.’

wheels by milk-white asses drawn

where babylon or nineveh

rose; some conqueror drew rein

and cried to battle-weary men,

‘let all things pass away.’

from man’s blood-sodden heart are sprung

those branches of the night and day

where the gaudy moon is hung.

what’s the meaning of all song?

“let all things pass away.”

vii

the soul. seek out reality, leave things that seem.

the heart. what, be a singer born and lack a theme?

the soul. isaiah’s coal, what more can man desire?

the heart. struck dumb in the simplicity of fire!

the soul. look on that fire, salvation walks within.

the heart. what theme had homer but original sin?

viii

must we part, von hügel, though much alike, for we

accept the miracles of the saints and honour sanctity?

the body of saint teresa lies undecayed in tomb,

bathed in miraculous oil, sweet odours from it come,

healing from its lettered slab. those self-same hands perchance

eternalised the body of a modern saint that once

had scooped out pharaoh’s mummy. i—though heart might find relief

did i become a christian man and choose for my belief

what seems most welcome in the tomb—play a predestined

part.

homer is my example and his unchristened heart.

the lion and the honeycomb, what has scripture said?

so get you gone, von hügel, though with blessings on your head.

1932





263

quarrel in old age


where had her sweetness gone?

what fanatics invent

in this blind bitter town,

fantasy or incident

not worth thinking of,

put her in a rage.

i had forgiven enough

that had forgiven old age.

all lives that has lived;

so much is certain;

old sages were not deceived:

somewhere beyond the curtain

of distorting days

lives that lonely thing

that shone before these eyes

targeted, trod like spring.





264

the results of thought


acquaintance; companion;

one dear brilliant woman;

the best-endowed, the elect,

all by their youth undone,

all, all, by that inhuman

bitter glory wrecked.

but i have straightened out

ruin, wreck and wrack;

i toiled long years and at length

came to so deep a thought

i can summon back

all their wholesome strength.

what images are these

that turn dull-eyed away,

or shift time’s filthy load,

straighten aged knees.

hesitate or stay? what heads shake or nod?

august 1931





265

gratitude to the unknown instructors


what they undertook to do

they brought to pass;

all things hang like a drop of dew

upon a blade of grass.





266

remorse for intemperate speech


i ranted to the knave and fool,

but outgrew that school,

would transform the part.

fit audience found, but cannot rule

my fanatic* heart.

i sought my betters: though in each fine manners, liberal speech,

turn hatred into sport,

nothing said or done can reach

my fanatic heart.

out of ireland have we come.

great hatred, little room,

maimed us at the start.

i carry from my mother’s womb

a fanatic heart.

august 28, 1931





267

stream and sun at glendalough


through intricate motions ran

stream and gliding sun

and all my heart seemed gay:

some stupid thing that i had done

made my attention stray.

repentance keeps my heart impure;

but what am i that dare

fancy that i can

better conduct myself or have more

sense than a common man?

what motion of the sun or stream

or eyelid shot the gleam

that pierced my body through?

what made me live like these that seem

self-born, born anew?

june 1932





words for music perhaps





268

i. crazy jane and the bishop


bring me to the blasted oak

that i, midnight upon the stroke,

(all find safety in the tomb.) may call down curses on his head

because of my dear jack that’s dead.

coxcomb was the least he said:

the solid man and the coxcomb.

nor was he bishop when his ban

banished jack the journeyman,

(all find safety in the tomb.)

nor so much as parish priest,

yet he, an old book in his fist,

cried that we lived like beast and beast:

the solid man and the coxcomb.

the bishop has a skin, god knows,

wrinkled like the foot of a goose,

(all find safety in the tomb.)

nor can he hide in holy black

the heron’s hunch upon his back,

but a birch-tree stood my jack:

the solid man and the coxcomb.

jack had my virginity,

and bids me to the oak, for he

(all find safety in the tomb.)

wanders out into the night and there is shelter under it,

but should that other come, i spit:

the solid man and the coxcomb.





269

ii. crazy jane reproved


i care not what the sailors say:

all those dreadful thunder-stones,

all that storm that blots the day

can but show that heaven yawns;

great europa played the tool

that changed a lover for a bull.

fol de rol, fol de rol.

to round that shell’s elaborate whorl,

adorning every secret track

with the delicate mother-of-pearl,

made the joints of heaven crack:

so never hang your heart upon

a roaring, ranting journeyman.

fol de rol, fol de rol.





270

iii. crazy jane on the

day of judgment


‘love is all

unsatisfied

that cannot take the whole

body and soul’:

and that is what jane said.

‘take the sour

if you take me,

i can scoff and lour

and scold for an hour.’

‘that’s certainly the case,’ said he.

‘naked i lay

the grass my bed; naked and hidden away,

that black day’;

and that is what jane said.

‘what can be shown?

what true love be?

all could be known or shown

if time were but gone.’

‘that’s certainly the case,’ said he.





271

iv. crazy jane and jack the journeyman


i know, although when looks meet

i tremble to the bone,

the more i leave the door unlatched

the sooner love is gone,

for love is but a skein unwound

between the dark and dawn.

a lonely ghost the ghost is

that to god shall come;

i—love’s skein upon the ground,

my body in the tomb—

shall leap into the light lost

in my mother’s womb.

but were i left to lie alone

in an empty bed,

the skein so bound us ghost to ghost

when he turned his head

passing on the road that night,

mine would walk being dead.





272

v. crazy jane on god


that lover of a night

came when he would,

went in the dawning light

whether i would or no;

men come, men go:

all things remain in god.

banners choke the sky;

men-at-arms tread;

armoured horses neigh

where the great battle was

in the narrow pass:

all things remain in god.

before their eyes a house

that from childhood stood

uninhabited, ruinous,

suddenly lit up

from door to top:

all things remain in god.

i had wild jack for a lover;

though like a road

that men pass over

my body makes no moan

but sings on:

all things remain in god.





273

vi. crazy jane talks with the bishop


i met the bishop on the road

and much said he and i.

‘those breasts are flat and fallen now

those veins must soon be dry;

live in a heavenly mansion,

not in some foul sty.’

‘fair and foul are near of kin,

and fair needs foul,’ i cried.

‘my friends are gone, but that’s a truth

nor grave nor bed denied,

learned in bodily lowliness

and in the heart’s pride.

‘ a woman can be proud and stiff

when on love intent;

but love has pitched his mansion in

the place of excrement;

for nothing can be sole or whole

that has not been rent.’





274

vii. crazy jane grown old looks at the dancers


i found that ivory image there

dancing with her chosen youth,

but when he wound her coal-black hair

as though to strangle her, no scream

or bodily movement did i dare,

eyes under eyelids did so gleam:

love is like the lion’s tooth.

when she, and though some said she played

i said that she had danced heart’s truth,

drew a knife to strike him dead,

i could but leave him to his fate;

for, no matter what is said,

they had all that had their hate:

love is like the lion’s tooth.

did he die or did she die?

seemed to die or died they both?

god be with the times when i

cared not a thraneen for what chanced

so that i had the limbs to try

such a dance as there was danced—

love is like the lion’s tooth.





275

viii. girl’s song


i went out alone

to sing a song or two,

my fancy on a man,

and you know who.

another came in sight

that on a stick relied

to hold himself upright:

i sat and cried.

and that was all my song—

when everything is told,

saw i an old man young

or young man old?





276

ix. young man’s song


‘she will change,’ i cried,

‘into a withered crone.’

the heart in my side,

that so still had lain,

in noble rage replied

and beat upon the bone:

‘uplift those eyes and throw

those glances unafraid:

she would as bravely show

did all the fabric fade;

no withered crone i saw

before the world was made.’

abashed by that report,

for the heart cannot lie,

i knelt in the dirt.

and all shall bend the knee

to my offended heart

until it pardon me.





277

x. her anxiety


earth in beauty dressed

awaits returning spring.

all true love must die,

alter at the best

into some lesser thing.

prove that i lie.

such body lovers have,

such exacting breath,

that they touch or sigh.

every touch they give,

love is nearer death.

prove that i lie.





278

xi. his confidence


undying love to buy

i wrote upon

the corners of this eye

all wrongs done.

what payment were enough

for undying love?

i broke my heart in two

so hard i struck.

what matter? for i know

that out of rock,

out of a desolate source,

love leaps upon its course.





279

xii. love’s loneliness


old fathers, great-grandfathers,

rise as kindred should.

if ever lover’s loneliness

came where you stood,

pray that heaven protect us

that protect your blood.

the mountain throws a shadow,

thin is the moon’s horn;

what did we remember

under the ragged thorn?

dread has followed longing,

and our hearts are torn.





280

xiii. her dream


i dreamed as in my bed i lay,

all night’s fathomless wisdom come,

that i had shorn my locks away

and laid them on love’s lettered tomb:

but something bore them out of sight

in a great tumult of the air,

and after nailed upon the night

berenice’s burning hair.





281

xiv. his bargain


who talks of plato’s spindle;

what set it whirling round?

eternity may dwindle,

time is unwound,

dan and jerry lout

change their loves about.

however they may take it,

before the thread began

i made, and may not break it

when the last thread has run,

a bargain with that hair

and all the windings there.





282

xv. three things


‘o cruel death, give three things back,’

sang a bone upon the shore;

‘a child found all a child can lack,

whether of pleasure or of rest,

upon the abundance of my breast’:

a bone wave-whitened and dried in the wind.

‘three dear things that women know,’

sang a bone upon the shore;

‘ man if i but held him so

when my body was alive

found all the pleasure that life gave’ :

a bone wave-whitened and dried in the wind.

‘the third thing that i think of yet,’

sang a bone upon the shore,

‘is that morning when i met

face to face my rightful man

and did after stretch and yawn’:

a bone wave-whitened and dried in the wind.





283

xvi. lullaby


beloved, may your sleep be sound

that have found it where you fed.

what were all the world’s alarms

to mighty paris when he found

sleep upon a golden bed

that first dawn in helen’s arms?

sleep, beloved, such a sleep

as did that wild tristram know

when, the potion’s work being done,

roe could run or doe could leap

under oak and beechen bough,

roe could leap or doe could run;

such a sleep and sound as fell

upon eurotas’ grassy bank

when the holy bird, that there

accomplished his predestined will,

from the limbs of leda sank

but not from her protecting care.





284

xvii. after long silence


speech after long silence; it is right,

all other lovers being estranged or dead,

unfriendly lamplight hid under its shade.

the curtains drawn upon unfriendly night,

that we descant and yet again descant

upon the supreme theme of art and song:

bodily decrepitude is wisdom; young we loved each other and were ignorant.





285

xviii. mad as the mist and snow


bolt and bar the shutter,

for the foul winds blow:

our minds are at their best this night,

and i seem to know

that everything outside us is

mad as the mist and snow.

horace there by homer stands,

plato stands below,

and here is tully’s open page.

how many years ago

were you and i unlettered lads

mad as the mist and snow?

you ask what makes me sigh, old friend,

what makes me shudder so?

i shudder and i sigh to think

that even cicero

and many-minded homer were

mad as the mist and snow.





286

xix. those dancing days are gone


come, let me sing into your ear;

those dancing days are gone,

all that silk and satin gear;

crouch upon a stone,

wrapping that foul body up

in as foul a rag:

i carry the sun in a golden cup,

the moon in a silver bag.

curse as you may i sing it through;

what matter if the knave

that the most could pleasure you,

the children that he gave,

are somewhere sleeping like a top

under a marble flag?

i carry the sun in a golden cup.

the moon in a silver bag.

i thought it out this very day,

noon upon the clock,

a man may put pretence away

who leans upon a stick,

may sing, and sing until he drop,

whether to maid or hag:

i carry the sun in a golden cup,

the moon in a silver bag.





287

xx. ‘i am of ireland’


‘i am of ireland,

and the holy land of ireland,

and time runs on,’ cried she.

‘come out of charity,

come dance with me in ireland.’

one man, one man alone

in that outlandish gear,

one solitary man

of all that rambled there

had turned his stately head.

‘that is a long way off,

and time runs on,’ he said,

‘and the night grows rough.’

‘i am of ireland,

and the holy land of ireland,

and time runs on,’ cried she. ‘come out of charity

and dance with me in ireland.’

‘the fiddlers are all thumbs,

or the fiddle-string accursed,

the drums and the kettledrums

and the trumpets all are burst,

and the trombone,’ cried he,

‘the trumpet and trombone,’

and cocked a malicious eye,

‘but time runs on, runs on.’

‘i am of ireland,

and the holy land of ireland,

and time runs on,’ cried she.

‘come out of charity

and dance with me in ireland.’





288

xxi. the dancer at cruachan* and cro-patrick


i, proclaiming that there is

among birds or beasts or men,

one that is perfect or at peace,

danced on cruachan’s windy plain,

upon cro-patrick sang aloud;

all that could run or leap or swim

whether in wood, water or cloud,

acclaiming, proclaiming, declaiming him.





289

xxii. tom the lunatic


sang old tom the lunatic

that sleeps under the canopy;

‘what change has put my thoughts astray

and eyes that had so keen a sight?

what has turned to smoking wick

nature’s pure unchanging light?

‘huddon and duddon and daniel o’leary,

holy joe, the beggar-man,

wenching, drinking, still remain

or sing a penance on the road;

something made these eyeballs weary

that blinked and saw them in a shroud.

‘whatever stands in field or flood,

bird, beast, fish or man,

mare or stallion, cock or hen,

stands in god’s unchanging eye

in all the vigour of its blood;

in that faith i live or die.’





290

xxiii. tom at cruachan


on cruachan’s plain slept he

that must sing in a rhyme

what most could shake his soul:

‘the stallion eternity

mounted the mare of time,

’gat the foal of the world.’





291

xxiv. old tom again


things out of perfection sail

and all their swelling canvas wear,

nor shall the self-begotten fail

though fantastic men suppose building-yard and stormy shore,

winding-sheet and swaddling-clothes.





292

xxv. the delphic oracle upon plotinus


behold that great plotinus swim

buffeted by such seas;

bland rhadamanthus beckons him,

but the golden race looks dim,

salt blood blocks his eyes.

scattered on the level grass

or winding through the grove

plato there and minos pass,

there stately pythagoras

and all the choir of love.

august 19, 1931





a woman young and old





293

i. father and child


she hears me strike the board and say

that she is under ban

of all good men and women,

being mentioned with a man

that has the worst of all bad names;

and thereupon replies

that his hair is beautiful,

cold as the march wind his eyes.





294

ii. before the world was made


if i make the lashes dark

and the eyes more bright

and the lips more scarlet,

or ask if all be right

from mirror after mirror,

no vanity’s displayed:

i’m looking for the face i had

before the world was made.

what if i look upon a man

as though on my beloved,

my blood be cold the while

and my heart unmoved?

why should he think me cruel

or that he is betrayed?

i’d have him love the thing that was

before the world was made.





295

iii. a first confession


i admit the briar

entangled in my hair

did not injure me;

my blenching and trembling

nothing but dissembling,

nothing but coquetry.

i long for truth, and yet

i cannot stay from that

my better self disowns,

for a man’s attention

brings such satisfaction

to the craving in my bones.

brightness that i pull back

from the zodiac,

why those questioning eyes

that are fixed upon me?

what can they do but shun me

if empty night replies?





296

iv. her triumph


i did the dragon’s will until you came

because i had fancied love a casual

improvisation, or a settled game

that followed if i let the kerchief fall:

those deeds were best that gave the minute wings

and heavenly music if they gave it wit;

and then you stood among the dragon-rings.

i mocked, being crazy, but you mastered it

and broke the chain and set my ankles free,

saint george or else a pagan perseus;

and now we stare astonished at the sea,

and a miraculous strange bird shrieks at us.





297

v. consolation


o but there is wisdom

in what the sages said;

but stretch that body for a while

and lay down that head

till i have told the sages

where man is comforted.

how could passion run so deep

had i never thought

that the crime of being born

blackens all our lot?

but where the crime’s committed

the crime can be forgot.





298

vi. chosen


the lot of love is chosen. i learnt that much

struggling for an image on the track

of the whirling zodiac.

scarce did he my body touch,

scarce sank he from the west

or found a subterranean rest

on the maternal midnight of my breast

before i had marked him on his northern way,

and seemed to stand although in bed i lay.

i struggled with the horror of daybreak,

i chose it for my lot! if questioned on

my utmost pleasure with a man

by some new-married bride, i take

that stillness for a theme

where his heart my heart did seem

and both adrift on the miraculous stream

where—wrote a learned astrologer—

the zodiac is changed into a sphere.





299

vii. parting


he. dear, i must be gone

while night shuts the eyes

of the household spies;

that song announces dawn.

she. no, night’s bird and love’s

bids all true lovers rest,

while his loud song reproves

the murderous stealth of day.

he. daylight already flies

from mountain crest to crest.

she. that light is from the moon.

he. that bird …

she. let him sing on,

i offer to love’s play

my dark declivities.





300

viii. her vision in the wood


dry timber under that rich foliage,

at wine-dark midnight in the sacred wood,

too old for a man’s love i stood in rage

imagining men. imagining that i could

a greater with a lesser pang assuage

or but to find if withered vein ran blood,

i tore my body that its wine might cover

whatever could recall the lip of lover.

and after that i held my fingers up,

stared at the wine-dark nail, or dark that ran

down every withered finger from the top;

but the dark changed to red, and torches shone,

and deafening music shook the leaves; a troop

shouldered a litter with a wounded man,

or smote upon the string and to the sound

sang of the beast that gave the fatal wound.

all stately women moving to a song

with loosened hair or foreheads grief-distraught,

it seemed a quattrocento painter’s throng,

a thoughtless image of mantegna’s thought—

why should they think that are for ever young?

till suddenly in grief’s contagion caught,

i stared upon his blood-bedabbled breast

and sang my malediction with the rest.

that thing all blood and mire, that beast-torn wreck,

half turned and fixed a glazing eye on mine,

and, though love’s bitter-sweet had all come back,

those bodies from a picture or a coin

nor saw my body fall nor heard it shriek,

nor knew, drunken with singing as with wine,

that they had brought no fabulous symbol there

but my heart’s victim and its torturer.





301

ix. a last confession


what lively lad most pleasured me

of all that with me lay?

i answer that i gave my soul

and loved in misery,

but had great pleasure with a lad

that i loved bodily.

flinging from his arms i laughed

to think his passion such

he fancied that i gave a soul

did but our bodies touch,

and laughed upon his breast to think

beast gave beast as much.

i gave what other women gave

that stepped out of their clothes,

but when this soul, its body off,

naked to naked goes,

he it has found shall find therein

what none other knows,

and give his own and take his own

and rule in his own right;

and though it loved in misery

close and cling so tight,

there’s not a bird of day that dare

extinguish that delight.





302

x. meeting


hidden by old age awhile

in masker’s cloak and hood,

each hating what the other loved,

face to face we stood:

‘that i have met with such,’ said he,

‘bodes me little good.’

‘let others boast their fill,’ said i,

‘but never dare to boast

that such as i had such a man

for lover in the past;

say that of living men i hate

such a man the most.’

‘a loony’d boast of such a love,’

he in his rage declared:

but such as he for such as me—

could we both discard

this beggarly habiliment—

had found a sweeter word.





303

xi. from the ‘antigone’


overcome—o bitter sweetness,

inhabitant of the soft cheek of a girl—

the rich man and his affairs,

the fat flocks and the fields’ fatness,

mariners, rough harvesters;

overcome gods upon parnassus;

overcome the empyrean; hurl

heaven and earth out of their places,

that in the same calamity

brother and brother, friend and friend,

family and family,

city and city may contend,

by that great glory driven wild.

pray i will and sing i must,

and yet i weep—oedipus’ child

descends into the loveless dust.

*

i pronounce ‘fanatic’ in what is, i suppose, the older and more irish way, so that the last line of each stanza contains but two beats.

*

pronounced in modern gaelic as if spelt ‘crockan.’





[parnell’s funeral and other poems 1935]


[parnell’s funeral and other poems]





304

parnell’s funeral


i

under the great comedian’s tomb the crowd.

a bundle of tempestuous cloud is blown

about the sky; where that is clear of cloud

brightness remains; a brighter star shoots down;

what shudders run through all that animal blood?

what is this sacrifice? can someone there

recall the cretan barb that pierced a star?

rich foliage that the starlight glittered through,

a frenzied crowd, and where the branches sprang

a beautiful seated boy; a sacred bow;

a woman, and an arrow on a string;

a pierced boy, image of a star laid low.

that woman, the great mother imaging,

cut out his heart. some master of design

stamped boy and tree upon sicilian coin.

an age is the reversal of an age:

when strangers murdered emmet, fitzgerald, tone,

we lived like men that watch a painted stage.

what matter for the scene, the scene once gone:

it had not touched our lives. but popular rage,

hysterica passio dragged this quarry down.

none shared our guilt; nor did we play a part

upon a painted stage when we devoured his heart.

come, fix upon me that accusing eye.

i thirst for accusation. all that was sung,

all that was said in ireland is a lie

bred out of the contagion of the throng,

saving the rhyme rats hear before they die.

leave nothing but the nothings that belong

to this bare soul, let all men judge that can

whether it be an animal or a man.

ii

the rest i pass, one sentence i unsay.

had de valera eaten parnell’s heart

no loose-lipped demagogue had won the day,

no civil rancour torn the land apart.

had cosgrave eaten parnell’s heart, the land’s

imagination had been satisfied,

or lacking that, government in such hands,

o’higgins its sole statesman had not died.

had even o’duffy—but i name no more—

their school a crowd, his master solitude;

through jonathan swift’s dark grove he passed, and there

plucked bitter wisdom that enriched his blood.





305

alternative song for the severed head in ‘the king of the great clock tower’


saddle and ride, i heard a man say,

out of ben bulben and knocknarea,

what says the clock in the great clock tower?

all those tragic characters ride

but turn from rosses’ crawling tide,

the meet’s upon the mountain side.

a slow low note and an iron bell.

what brought them there so far from their home,

cuchulain that fought night long with the foam,

what says the clock in the great clock tower?

niamh that rode on it; lad and lass

that sat so still and played at the chess?

what but heroic wantonness?

a slow low note and an iron bell.

aleel, his countess; hanrahan

that seemed but a wild wenching man;

what says the clock in the great clock tower?

and all alone comes riding there

the king that could make his people stare,

because he had feathers instead of hair.

a slow low note and an iron bell.

tune by arthur duff.





306

two songs rewritten for the tune’s sake


i

my paistin finn is my sole desire,

and i am shrunken to skin and bone,

for all my heart has had for its hire

is what i can whistle alone and alone.

oro, oro!

to-morrow night i will break down the door.

what is the good of a man and he

alone and alone, with a speckled shin?

i would that i drank with my love on my knee,

between two barrels at the inn.

oro, oro! to-morrow night i will break down the door.

alone and alone nine nights i lay

between two bushes under the rain;

i thought to have whistled her down that way,

i whistled and whistled and whistled in vain.

oro, oro!

to-morrow night i will break down the door.

from the pot of broth

tune: paistin finn

ii

i would that i were an old beggar

rolling a blind pearl eye,

for he cannot see my lady

go gallivanting by;

a dreary, dreepy beggar

without a friend on the earth

but a thieving rascally cur—

o a beggar blind from his birth;

or anything else but a rhymer

without a thing in his head

but rhymes for a beautiful lady,

he rhyming alone in his bed.

from the player queen





307

a prayer for old age


god guard me from those thoughts men think

in the mind alone;

he that sings a lasting song

thinks in a marrow-bone;

from all that makes a wise old man

that can be praised of all;

o what am i that i should not seem

for the song’s sake a fool?

i pray—for fashion’s word is out

and prayer comes round again—

that i may seem, though i die old,

a foolish, passionate man.





308

church and state


here is fresh matter, poet,

matter for old age meet;

might of the church and the state,

their mobs put under their feet.

o but heart’s wine shall run pure,

mind’s bread grow sweet.

that were a cowardly song,

wander in dreams no more;

what if the church and the state

are the mob that howls at the door!

wine shall run thick to the end,

bread taste sour.

august 1934

supernatural songs





309

i. ribh at the tomb of baile and aillinn


because you have found me in the pitch-dark night

with open book you ask me what i do.

mark and digest my tale, carry it afar

to those that never saw this tonsured head nor heard this voice that ninety years have cracked.

of baile and aillinn you need not speak,

all know their tale, all know what leaf and twig,

what juncture of the apple and the yew,

surmount their bones; but speak what none have heard.

the miracle that gave them such a death

transfigured to pure substance what had once

been bone and sinew; when such bodies join

there is no touching here, nor touching there,

nor straining joy, but whole is joined to whole;

for the intercourse of angels is a light

where for its moment both seem lost, consumed.

here in the pitch-dark atmosphere above

the trembling of the apple and the yew,

here on the anniversary of their death,

the anniversary of their first embrace,

those lovers, purified by tragedy,

hurry into each other’s arms; these eyes,

by water, herb and solitary prayer

made aquiline, are open to that light.

though somewhat broken by the leaves, that light

lies in a circle on the grass; therein

i turn the pages of my holy book.





310

ii. ribh denounces patrick


an abstract greek absurdity has crazed the man,

a trinity that is wholly masculine. man, woman, child

(daughter or son), that’s how all natural or supernatural stories run.

natural and supernatural with the self-same ring are wed.

as man, as beast, as an ephemeral fly begets, godhead begets

godhead,

for things below are copies, the great smaragdine tablet said.

yet all must copy copies, all increase their kind;

when the conflagration of their passion sinks, damped by the

body or the mind,

that juggling nature mounts, her coil in their embraces

twined.

the mirror-scaled serpent is multiplicity,

but all that run in couples, on earth, in flood or air, share god

that is but three,

and could beget or bear themselves could they but love as he.





311

iii. ribh in ecstasy


what matter that you understood no word!

doubtless i spoke or sang what i had heard

in broken sentences. my soul had found

all happiness in its own cause or ground.

godhead on godhead in sexual spasm begot

godhead. some shadow fell. my soul forgot

those amorous cries that out of quiet come

and must the common round of day resume.





312

iv. there


there all the barrel-hoops are knit,

there all the serpent-tails are bit,

there all the gyres converge in one,

there all the planets drop in the sun.





313

v. ribh considers christian love insufficient


why should i seek for love or study it?

it is of god and passes human wit;

i study hatred with great diligence,

for that’s a passion in my own control,

a sort of besom that can clear the soul

of everything that is not mind or sense.

why do i hate man, woman or event?

that is a light my jealous soul has sent.

from terror and deception freed it can

discover impurities, can show at last

how soul may walk when all such things are past,

how soul could walk before such things began.

then my delivered soul herself shall learn

a darker knowledge and in hatred turn

from every thought of god mankind has had.

thought is a garment and the soul’s a bride

that cannot in that trash and tinsel hide:

hatred of god may bring the soul to god.

at stroke of midnight soul cannot endure

a bodily or mental furniture.

what can she take until her master give!

where can she look until he make the show!

what can she know until he bid her know!

how can she live till in her blood he live!





314

vi. he and she


as the moon sidles up

must she sidle up,

as trips the scared moon

away must she trip:

‘his light had struck me blind

dared i stop’.

she sings as the moon sings:

‘i am i, am i;

the greater grows my light

the further that i fly’.

all creation shivers

with that sweet cry.





315

vii. what magic drum?


he holds him from desire, all but stops his breathing lest

primordial motherhood forsake his limbs, the child no longer

rest,

drinking joy as it were milk upon his breast.

through light-obliterating garden foliage what magic drum?

down limb and breast or down that glimmering belly move

his mouth and sinewy tongue.

what from the forest came? what beast has licked its young?





316

viii. whence had they come?


eternity is passion, girl or boy

cry at the onset of their sexual joy

‘for ever and for ever’; then awake

ignorant what dramatis personae spake;

a passion-driven exultant man sings out

sentences that he has never thought;

the flagellant lashes those submissive loins

ignorant what that dramatist enjoins,

what master made the lash. whence had they come,

the hand and lash that beat down frigid rome?

what sacred drama through her body heaved

when world-transforming charlemagne was conceived?





317

ix. the four ages of man


he with body waged a fight,

but body won; it walks upright.

then he struggled with the heart;

innocence and peace depart.

then he struggled with the mind;

his proud heart he left behind.

now his wars on god begin;

at stroke of midnight god shall win.





318

x. conjunctions


if jupiter and saturn meet,

what a crop of mummy wheat!

the sword’s a cross; thereon he died:

on breast of mars the goddess sighed.





319

xi. a needle’s eye


all the stream that’s roaring by

came out of a needle’s eye;

things unborn, things that are gone,

from needle’s eye still goad it on.





320

xii. meru


civilisation is hooped together, brought

under a rule, under the semblance of peace

by manifold illusion; but man’s life is thought,

and he, despite his terror, cannot cease

ravening through century after century,

ravening, raging, and uprooting that he may come

into the desolation of reality:

egypt and greece good-bye, and good-bye, rome!

hermits upon mount meru or everest,

caverned in night under the drifted snow,

or where that snow and winter’s dreadful blast

beat down upon their naked bodies, know

that day brings round the night, that before dawn

his glory and his monuments are gone.





new poems, 1938


new poems





321

the gyres


the gyres! the gyres! old rocky face look forth;

things thought too long can be no longer thought

for beauty dies of beauty, worth of worth,

and ancient lineaments are blotted out.

irrational streams of blood are staining earth;

empedocles has thrown all things about;

hector is dead and there’s a light in troy;

we that look on but laugh in tragic joy.

what matter though numb nightmare ride on top

and blood and mire the sensitive body stain?

what matter? heave no sigh, let no tear drop,

a greater, a more gracious time has gone;

for painted forms or boxes of make-up

in ancient tombs i sighed, but not again;

what matter? out of cavern comes a voice

and all it knows is that one word ‘rejoice.’

conduct and work grow coarse, and coarse the soul,

what matter! those that rocky face holds dear,

lovers of horses and of women, shall

from marble of a broken sepulchre

or dark betwixt the polecat and the owl,

or any rich, dark nothing disinter

the workman, noble and saint, and all things run

on that unfashionable gyre again.





322

lapis lazuli


(for harry clifton)

i have heard that hysterical women say

they are sick of the palette and fiddle-bow,

of poets that are always gay,

for everybody knows or else should know

that if nothing drastic is done

aeroplane and zeppelin will come out.

pitch like king billy bomb-balls in

until the town lie beaten flat.

all perform their tragic play,

there struts hamlet, there is lear,

that’s ophelia, that cordelia;

yet they, should the last scene be there,

the great stage curtain about to drop,

if worthy their prominent part in the play,

do not break up their lines to weep.

they know that hamlet and lear are gay;

gaiety transfiguring all that dread.

all men have aimed at, found and lost;

black out; heaven blazing into the head:

tragedy wrought to its uttermost.

though hamlet rambles and lear rages,

and all the drop scenes drop at once

upon a hundred thousand stages,

it cannot grow by an inch or an ounce.

on their own feet they came, or on shipboard,

camel-back, horse-back, ass-back, mule-back,

old civilisations put to the sword.

then they and their wisdom went to rack:

no handiwork of callimachus

who handled marble as if it were bronze, 30

made draperies that seemed to rise

when sea-wind swept the corner, stands;

his long lamp chimney shaped like the stem

of a slender palm, stood but a day;

all things fall and are built again

and those that build them again are gay.

two chinamen, behind them a third, are carved in lapis lazuli,

over them flies a long-legged bird

a symbol of longevity;

the third, doubtless a serving-man,

carries a musical instrument.

every discolouration of the stone,

every accidental crack or dent

seems a water-course or an avalanche,

or lofty slope where it still snows

though doubtless plum or cherry-branch

sweetens the little half-way house

those chinamen climb towards, and i

delight to imagine them seated there;

there, on the mountain and the sky,

on all the tragic scene they stare.

one asks for mournful melodies;

accomplished fingers begin to play.

their eyes mid many wrinkles, their eyes,

their ancient, glittering eyes, are gay.





323

imitated from the japanese


a most astonishing thing

seventy years have i lived;

(hurrah for the flowers of spring

for spring is here again.)

seventy years have i lived

no ragged beggar man,

seventy years have i lived,

seventy years man and boy,

and never have i danced for joy.





324

sweet dancer


the girl goes dancing there

on the leaf-sown, new-mown, smooth

grass plot of the garden;

escaped from bitter youth,

escaped out of her crowd,

or out of her black cloud.

ah dancer, ah sweet dancer!

if strange men come from the house

to lead her away do not say

that she is happy being crazy;

lead them gently astray;

let her finish her dance,

let her finish her dance.

ah dancer, ah sweet dancer!





325

the three bushes


an incident from the ‘historia mei temporis’ of the abbé michel de bourdeille.

said lady once to lover,

‘none can rely upon

a love that lacks its proper food;

and if your love were gone how could you sing those songs of love?

i should be blamed, young man.’

o my dear, o my dear.

‘have no lit candles in your room,’

that lovely lady said,

‘that i at midnight by the clock

may creep into your bed,

for if i saw myself creep in

i think i should drop dead.’

o my dear, o my dear.

‘love a man in secret,

dear chambermaid,’ said she,

‘know that i must drop down dead

if he stop loving me,

yet what could i but drop down dead

if i lost my chastity?’

o my dear, o my dear.

‘so you must lie beside him

and let him think me there,

and maybe we are all the same

where no candles are,

and maybe we are all the same

that strip the body bare.’

o my dear, o my dear.

but no dogs barked and midnights chimed,

and through the chime she’d say, 30

‘that was a lucky thought of mine,

my lover looked so gay;’

but heaved a sigh if the chambermaid looked half asleep all day.

o my dear, o my dear.

‘no, not another song,’ said he,

‘because my lady came

a year ago for the first time

at midnight to my room,

and i must lie between the sheets 40

when the clock begins to chime.’

o my dear, o my dear.

‘a laughing, crying, sacred song,

a leching song,’ they said.

did ever men hear such a song?

no, but that day they did.

did ever man ride such a race?

no, not until he rode.

o my dear, o my dear.

but when his horse had put its hoof

into a rabbit hole

he dropped upon his head and died.

his lady saw it all

and dropped and died thereon, for she

loved him with her soul.

o my dear, o my dear.

the chambermaid lived long, and took

their graves into her charge,

and there two bushes planted

that when they had grown large 60

seemed sprung from but a single root

so did their roses merge.

o my dear, o my dear.

when she was old and dying,

the priest came where she was;

she made a full confession.

long looked he in her face,

and o, he was a good man

and understood her case.

o my dear, o my dear.

he bade them take and bury her

beside her lady’s man,

and set a rose-tree on her grave.

and now none living can when they have plucked a rose there

know where its roots began. o my dear, o my dear.





326

the lady’s first song


i turn round

like a dumb beast in a show,

neither know what i am

nor where i go,

my language beaten

into one name;

i am in love

and that is my shame.

what hurts the soul

my soul adores,

no better than a beast

upon all fours.





327

the lady’s second song


what sort of man is coming

to lie between your feet?

what matter we are but women.

wash; make your body sweet;

i have cupboards of dried fragrance

i can strew the sheet.

the lord have mercy upon us.

he shall love my soul as though

body were not at all,

he shall love your body 10

untroubled by the soul,

love cram love’s two divisions

yet keep his substance whole.

the lord have mercy upon us.

soul must learn a love that is

proper to my breast,

limbs a love in common

with every noble beast.

if soul may look and body touch

which is the more blest?

the lord have mercy upon us.





328

the lady’s third song


when you and my true lover meet

and he plays tunes between your feet,

speak no evil of the soul,

nor think that body is the whole

for i that am his daylight lady

know worse evil of the body;

but in honour split his love

till either neither have enough,

that i may hear if we should kiss

a contrapuntal serpent hiss,

you, should hand explore a thigh,

all the labouring heavens sigh.





329

the lover’s song


bird sighs for the air,

thought for i know not where,

for the womb the seed sighs.

now sinks the same rest on mind, on nest,

on straining thighs.





330

the chambermaid’s first song


how came this ranger

now sunk in rest,

stranger with stranger,

on my cold breast.

what’s left to sigh for,

strange night has come;

god’s love has hidden him

out of all harm,

pleasure has made him

weak as a worm.





331

the chambermaid’s second song


from pleasure of the bed,

dull as a worm,

his rod and its butting head

limp as a worm,

his spirit that has fled

blind as a worm.





322

an acre of grass


picture and book remain,

an acre of green grass

for air and exercise,

now strength of body goes;

midnight an old house

where nothing stirs but a mouse.

my temptation is quiet.

here at life’s end

neither loose imagination,

nor the mill of the mind

consuming its rag and bone,

can make the truth known.

grant me an old man’s frenzy.

myself must i remake

till i am timon and lear or that william blake

who beat upon the wall

till truth obeyed his call;

a mind michael angelo knew

that can pierce the clouds 20

or inspired by frenzy

shake the dead in their shrouds;

forgotten else by mankind

an old man’s eagle mind.





333

what then?


his chosen comrades thought at school

he must grow a famous man;

he thought the same and lived by rule.

all his twenties crammed with toil;

‘what then?’ sang plato’s ghost, ‘what then?’

everything he wrote was read,

after certain years he won

sufficient money for his need,

friends that have been friends indeed;

‘what then?’ sang plato’s ghost, ‘what then?’

all his happier dreams came true—

a small old house, wife, daughter, son,

grounds where plum and cabbage grew,

poets and wits about him drew;

‘what then?’ sang plato’s ghost, ‘what then?’

‘the work is done,’ grown old he thought,

‘according to my boyish plan;

let the fools rage, i swerved in nought,

something to perfection brought;’

but louder sang that ghost ‘what then?’





334

beautiful lofty things


beautiful lofty things; o’leary’s noble head;

my father upon the abbey stage, before him a raging crowd.

‘this land of saints,’ and then as the applause died out,

‘of plaster saints;’ his beautiful mischievous head thrown back.

standish o’grady supporting himself between the tables

speaking to a drunken audience high nonsensical words;

augusta gregory seated at her great ormolu table

her eightieth winter approaching; ‘yesterday he threatened my

life,

i told him that nightly from six to seven i sat at this table

the blinds drawn up;’ maud gonne at howth station

waiting a train,

pallas athena in that straight back and arrogant head:

all the olympians; a thing never known again.





335

a crazed girl


that crazed girl improvising her music,

her poetry, dancing upon the shore,

her soul in division from itself

climbing, falling she knew not where,

hiding amid the cargo of a steamship

her knee-cap broken, that girl i declare

a beautiful lofty thing, or a thing

heroically lost, heroically found.

no matter what disaster occurred

she stood in desperate music wound

wound, wound, and she made in her triumph

where the bales and the baskets lay

no common intelligible sound

but sang, ‘o sea-starved hungry sea.’





336

to dorothy wellesley


stretch towards the moonless midnight of the trees

as though that hand could reach to where they stand,

and they but famous old upholsteries

delightful to the touch; tighten that hand

as though to draw them closer yet.

rammed full

of that most sensuous silence of the night

(for since the horizon’s bought strange dogs are still)

climb to your chamber full of books and wait,

no books upon the knee and no one there but a great dane that cannot bay the moon

and now lies sunk in sleep.

what climbs the stair?

nothing that common women ponder on if you are worth my hope!

neither content

nor satisfied conscience, but that great family

some ancient famous authors misrepresent,

the proud furies each with her torch on high.





337

the curse of cromwell


you ask what i have found and far and wide i go,

nothing but cromwell’s house and cromwell’s murderous

crew,

the lovers and the dancers are beaten into the clay,

and the tall men and the swordsmen and the horsemen

where are they?

and there is an old beggar wandering in his pride

his fathers served their fathers before christ was crucified.

o what of that, o what of that

what is there left to say?

all neighbourly content and easy talk are gone,

but there’s no good complaining, for money’s rant is on,

he that’s mounting up must on his neighbour mount

and we and all the muses are things of no account.

they have schooling of their own but i pass their schooling by,

what can they know that we know that know the time to die?

o what of that, o what of that

what is there left to say?

but there’s another knowledge that my heart destroys

as the fox in the old fable destroyed the spartan boy’s

because it proves that things both can and cannot be;

that the swordsmen and the ladies can still keep

company;

can pay the poet for a verse and hear the fiddle sound,

that i am still their servant though all are underground.

o what of that, o what of that

what is there left to say?

i came on a great house in the middle of the night

its open lighted doorway and its windows all alight,

and all my friends were there and made me welcome too;

but i woke in an old ruin that the winds howled through;

and when i pay attention i must out and walk

among the dogs and horses that understand my talk.

o what of that, o what of that

what is there left to say?





338

roger casement


(after reading ‘the forged casement diaries’ by dr. maloney)

i say that roger casement

did what he had to do,

he died upon the gallows

but that is nothing new.

afraid they might be beaten

before the bench of time

they turned a trick by forgery

and blackened his good name.

a perjurer stood ready

to prove their forgery true;

they gave it out to all the world

and that is something new;

for spring-rice had to whisper it

being their ambassador,

and then the speakers got it

and writers by the score.

come tom and dick, come all the troop

that cried it far and wide,

come from the forger and his desk,

desert the perjurer’s side;

come speak your bit in public

that some amends be made

to this most gallant gentleman

that is in quick-lime laid.





339

the ghost of roger casement


o what has made that sudden noise?

what on the threshold stands?

it never crossed the sea because

john bull and the sea are friends;

but this is not the old sea

nor this the old seashore.

what gave that roar of mockery,

that roar in the sea’s roar?

the ghost of roger casement

is beating on the door.

john bull has stood for parliament,

a dog must have his day, the country thinks no end of him

for he knows how to say

at a beanfeast or a banquet,

that all must hang their trust

upon the british empire,

upon the church of christ.

the ghost of roger casement

is beating on the door.

john bull has gone to india

and all must pay him heed

for histories are there to prove

that none of another breed has had a like inheritance,

or sucked such milk as he,

and there’s no luck about a house

if it lack honesty.

the ghost of roger casement

is beating on the door.

i poked about a village church

and found his family tomb

and copied out what i could read

in that religious gloom;

found many a famous man there;

but fame and virtue rot.

draw round beloved and bitter men,

draw round and raise a shout;

the ghost of roger casement

is beating on the door.





340

the o’rahilly


sing of the o’rahilly

do not deny his right;

sing a ‘the’ before his name;

allow that he, despite

all those learned historians,

established it for good;

he wrote out that word himself,

he christened himself with blood.

how goes the weather?

sing of the o’rahilly

that had such little sense,

he told pearse and connolly

he’d gone to great expense

keeping all the kerry men

out of that crazy fight;

that he might be there himself

had travelled half the night.

how goes the weather?

‘am i such a craven that i should not get the word 20 but for what some travelling man had heard i had not heard?’ then on pearse and connolly he fixed a bitter look, ‘because i helped to wind the clock i come to hear it strike.’

how goes the weather?

what remains to sing about

but of the death he met

stretched under a doorway

somewhere off henry street;

they that found him found upon

the door above his head

‘here died the o’rahilly

r.i.p.’ writ in blood.

how goes the weather?





341

come gather round me parnellites


come gather round me parnellites

and praise our chosen man,

stand upright on your legs awhile,

stand upright while you can,

for soon we lie where he is laid

and he is underground;

come fill up all those glasses

and pass the bottle round.

and here’s a cogent reason

and i have many more,

he fought the might of england

and saved the irish poor,

whatever good a farmer’s got

he brought it all to pass;

and here’s another reason,

that parnell loved a lass.

and here’s a final reason,

he was of such a kind

every man that sings a song

keeps parnell in his mind

for parnell was a proud man,

no prouder trod the ground,

and a proud man’s a lovely man

so pass the bottle round.

the bishops and the party

that tragic story made,

a husband that had sold his wife

and after that betrayed;

but stories that live longest

are sung above the glass,

and parnell loved his country

and parnell loved his lass.





342

the wild old wicked man


‘because i am mad about women

i am mad about the hills,’

said that wild old wicked man

who travels where god wills,

‘not to die on the straw at home,

those hands to close these eyes,

that is all i ask, my dear,

from the old man in the skies.’

day-break and a candle end.

‘kind are all your words, my dear,

do not the rest withhold,

who can know the year, my dear,

when an old man’s blood grows cold.

i have what no young man can have

because he loves too much.

words i have that can pierce the heart,

but what can he do but touch?’

day-break and a candle end.

then said she to that wild old man

his stout stick under his hand,

‘love to give or to withhold

is not at my command.

i gave it all to an older man

that old man in the skies.

hands that are busy with his beads

can never close those eyes.’

day-break and a candle end.

‘go your ways, o go your ways

i choose another mark,

girls down on the seashore

who understand the dark;

bawdy talk for the fishermen

a dance for the fisher lads;

when dark hangs upon the water

they turn down their beds.’

day-break and a candle end.

‘a young man in the dark am i

but a wild old man in the light

that can make a cat laugh, or

can touch by mother wit

things hid in their marrow bones

from time long passed away,

hid from all those warty lads

that by their bodies lay.’

day-break and a candle end.

‘all men live in suffering

i know as few can know,

whether they take the upper road

or stay content on the low,

rower bent in his row-boat

or weaver bent at his loom,

horsemen erect upon horseback

or child hid in the womb.’

day-break and a candle end.

‘that some stream of lightning

from the old man in the skies

can burn out that suffering

no right taught man denies.

but a coarse old man am i,

i choose the second-best,

i forget it all awhile

upon a woman’s breast.’

day-break and a candle end.





343

the great day


hurrah for revolution and more cannon shot;

a beggar upon horseback lashes a beggar upon foot;

hurrah for revolution and cannon come again,

the beggars have changed places but the lash goes on.





344

parnell


parnell came down the road, he said to a cheering man;

‘ireland shall get her freedom and you still break stone.’





345

what was lost


i sing what was lost and dread what was won,

i walk in a battle fought over again,

my king a lost king, and lost soldiers my men;

feet to the rising and setting may run

they always beat on the same small stone.





346

the spur


you think it horrible that lust and rage

should dance attendance upon my old age;

they were not such a plague when i was young;

what else have i to spur me into song?





347

a drunken man’s praise of sobriety


come swish around my pretty punk

and keep me dancing still

that i may stay a sober man

although i drink my fill.

sobriety is a jewel

that i do much adore;

and therefore keep me dancing

though drunkards lie and snore.

o mind your feet, o mind your feet,

keep dancing like a wave,

and under every dancer

a dead man in his grave.

no ups and downs, my pretty,

a mermaid, not a punk;

a drunkard is a dead man

and all dead men are drunk.





348

the pilgrim


i fasted for some forty days on bread and buttermilk

for passing round the bottle with girls in rags or silk,

in country shawl or paris cloak, had put my wits astray,

and what’s the good of women for all that they can say

is fol de rol de rolly o.

round lough derg’s holy island i went upon the stones,

i prayed at all the stations upon my marrow bones,

and there i found an old man and though i prayed all day

and that old man beside me, nothing would he say

but fol de rol de rolly o.

all know that all the dead in the world about that place are stuck

and that should mother seek her son she’d have but little luck

because the fires of purgatory have ate their shapes away;

i swear to god i questioned them and all they had to say

was fol de rol de rolly o.

a great black ragged bird appeared when i was in the boat;

some twenty feet from tip to tip had it stretched rightly out,

with flopping and with flapping it made a great display

but i never stopped to question, what could the boatman say

but fol de rol de rolly o.

now i am in the public house and lean upon the wall,

so come in rags or come in silk, in cloak or country shawl,

and come with learned lovers or with what men you may

for i can put the whole lot down, and all i have to say

is fol de rol de rolly o.





349

colonel martin


i

the colonel went out sailing,

he spoke with turk and jew

with christian and with infidel

for all tongues he knew.

‘o what’s a wifeless man?’ said he

and he came sailing home.

he rose the latch and went upstairs

and found an empty room.

the colonel went out sailing.

ii

‘i kept her much in the country

and she was much alone,

and though she may be there,’ he said,

‘she may be in the town,

she may be all alone there

for who can say,’ he said,

‘i think that i shall find her

in a young man’s bed.’

the colonel went out sailing.

iii

the colonel met a pedlar,

agreed their clothes to swop,

and bought the grandest jewelry

in a galway shop,

instead of thread and needle

put jewelry in the pack, bound a thong about his hand, hitched it on his back.

the colonel went out sailing.

iv

the colonel knocked on the rich man’s door,

‘i am sorry,’ said the maid

‘my mistress cannot see these things

but she is still abed,

and never have i looked upon

jewelry so grand.’

‘take all to your mistress,’

and he laid them on her hand.

the colonel went out sailing.

v

and he went in and she went on

and both climbed up the stair,

and o he was a clever man

for he his slippers wore,

and when they came to the top stair

he ran on ahead,

his wife he found and the rich man

in the comfort of a bed.

the colonel went out sailing.

vi

the judge at the assize court

when he heard that story told

awarded him for damages

three kegs of gold.

the colonel said to tom his man

‘harness an ass and cart,

carry the gold about the town,

throw it in every part.’

the colonel went out sailing.

vii

and there at all street corners

a man with a pistol stood,

and the rich man had paid them well

to shoot the colonel dead;

but they threw down their pistols

and all men heard them swear

that they could never shoot a man

did all that for the poor.

the colonel went out sailing.

viii

‘and did you keep no gold, tom?

you had three kegs,’ said he.

‘i never thought of that, sir;’

‘then want before you die.’

and want he did; for my own grand-dad,

saw the story’s end,

and tom make out a living

from the sea-weed on the strand.

the colonel went out sailing.





350

a model for the laureate


on thrones from china to peru

all sorts of kings have sat

that men and women of all sorts

proclaimed both good and great;

and what’s the odds if such as these

for reason of the state

should keep their lovers waiting,

keep their lovers waiting.

some boast of beggar-kings and kings

of rascals black and white

that rule because a strong right arm puts all men in a fright,

and drunk or sober live at ease

where none gainsay their right,

and keep their lovers waiting,

keep their lovers waiting.

the muse is mute when public men

applaud a modern throne:

those cheers that can be bought or sold

that office fools have run,

that waxen seal, that signature.

for things like these what decent man

would keep his lover waiting?

keep his lover waiting?





351

the old stone cross


a statesman is an easy man,

he tells his lies by rote;

a journalist makes up his lies

and takes you by the throat;

so stay at home and drink your beer

and let the neighbours vote,

said the man in the golden breastplate

under the old stone cross.

because this age and the next age

engender in the ditch,

no man can know a happy man

from any passing wretch,

if folly link with elegance

no man knows which is which, said the man in the golden breastplate

under the old stone cross.

but actors lacking music

do most excite my spleen,

they say it is more human

to shuffle, grunt and groan,

not knowing what unearthly stuff

rounds a mighty scene.

said the man in the golden breastplate

under the old stone cross.





352

the spirit medium


poetry, music, i have loved, and yet

because of those new dead

that come into my soul and escape

confusion of the bed,

or those begotten or unbegotten

perning in a band,

i bend my body to the spade

or grope with a dirty hand.

or those begotten or unbegotten.

for i would not recall

some that being unbegotten

are not individual.

but copy some one action

moulding it of dust or sand

i bend my body to the spade

or grope with a dirty hand.

an old ghost’s thoughts are lightning

to follow is to die;

poetry and music i have banished.

but the stupidity

of root, shoot, blossom or clay

makes no demand.

i bend my body to the spade

or grope with a dirty hand.





353

those images


what if i bade you leave

the cavern of the mind?

there’s better exercise

in the sunlight and wind.

i never bade you go

to moscow or to rome,

renounce that drudgery,

call the muses home.

seek those images

that constitute the wild,

the lion and the virgin,

the harlot and the child.

find in middle air

an eagle on the wing,

recognise the five

that make the muses sing.





354

the municipal gallery re-visited


i

around me the images of thirty years;

an ambush; pilgrims at the water-side;

casement upon trial, half hidden by the bars,

guarded; griffith staring in hysterical pride;

kevin o’higgins’ countenance that wears

a gentle questioning look that cannot hide

a soul incapable of remorse or rest;

a revolutionary soldier kneeling to be blessed.

ii

an abbot or archbishop with an upraised hand

blessing the tricolour. ‘this is not’ i say

‘the dead ireland of my youth, but an ireland

the poets have imagined, terrible and gay.’

before a woman’s portrait suddenly i stand:

beautiful and gentle in her venetian way.

i met her all but fifty years ago

for twenty minutes in some studio.

iii

heart smitten with emotion i sink down

my heart recovering with covered eyes;

wherever i had looked i had looked upon

my permanent or impermanent images;

augusta gregory’s son; her sister’s son,

hugh lane, ‘onlie begetter’ of all these;

hazel lavery living and dying, that tale

as though some ballad singer had sung it all.

iv

mancini’s portrait of augusta gregory,

‘greatest since rembrandt,’ according to john synge;

a great ebullient portrait certainly;

but where is the brush that could show anything

of all that pride and that humility,

and i am in despair that time may bring

approved patterns of women or of men

but not that selfsame excellence again.

v

my mediaeval knees lack health until they bend.

but in that woman, in that household where

honour had lived so long, all lacking found.

childless i thought ‘my children may find here deep-rooted things,’ but never foresaw its end,

and now that end has come i have not wept;

no fox can foul the lair the badger swept.

vi

(an image out of spenser and the common tongue.)

john synge, i and augusta gregory, thought

all that we did, all that we said or sang

must come from contact with the soil, from that

contact everything antaeus-like grew strong.

we three alone in modern times had brought

everything down to that sole test again,

dream of the noble and the beggarman.

vii

and here’s john synge himself, that rooted man

‘forgetting human words,’ a grave deep face.

you that would judge me do not judge alone

this book or that, come to this hallowed place

where my friends’ portraits hang and look thereon;

ireland’s history in their lineaments trace;

think where man’s glory most begins and ends

and say my glory was i had such friends.





355

are you content


i call on those that call me son,

grandson, or great-grandson,

on uncles, aunts, great-uncles or great-aunts

to judge what i have done.

have i, that put it into words,

spoilt what old loins have sent?

eyes spiritualised by death can judge,

i cannot, but i am not content.

he that in sligo at drumcliff

set up the old stone cross,

that red-headed rector in county down

a good man on a horse,

sandymount corbets, that notable man

old william pollexfen,

the smuggler middleton, butlers far back,

half legendary men.

infirm and aged i might stay

in some good company,

i who have always hated work,

smiling at the sea,

or demonstrate in my own life

what robert browning meant

by an old hunter talking with gods;

but i am not content.





[last poems, 1938-1939]


[last poems]





356

under ben bulben


i

swear by what the sages spoke

round the mareotic lake

that the witch of atlas knew,

spoke and set the cocks a-crow.

swear by those horsemen, by those women,

complexion and form prove superhuman,

that pale, long visaged company

that airs an immortality

completeness of their passions won;

now they ride the wintry dawn

where ben bulben sets the scene.

here’s the gist of what they mean.

ii

many times man lives and dies

between his two eternities,

that of race and that of soul,

and ancient ireland knew it all.

whether man dies in his bed

or the rifle knocks him dead,

a brief parting from those dear

is the worst man has to fear.

though grave-diggers’ toil is long,

sharp their spades, their muscle strong,

they but thrust their buried men

back in the human mind again.

iii

you that mitchel’s prayer have heard

‘send war in our time, o lord!’

know that when all words are said

and a man is fighting mad,

something drops from eyes long blind

he completes his partial mind,

for an instant stands at ease,

laughs aloud, his heart at peace,

even the wisest man grows tense

with some sort of violence

before he can accomplish fate

know his work or choose his mate.

iv

poet and sculptor do the work

nor let the modish painter shirk

what his great forefathers did,

bring the soul of man to god,

make him fill the cradles right.

measurement began our might:

forms a stark egyptian thought,

forms that gentler phidias wrought.

michael angelo left a proof

on the sistine chapel roof,

where but half-awakened adam

can disturb globe-trotting madam

till her bowels are in heat,

proof that there’s a purpose set

before the secret working mind:

profane perfection of mankind.

quattrocento put in paint,

on backgrounds for a god or saint,

gardens where a soul’s at ease;

where everything that meets the eye

flowers and grass and cloudless sky

resemble forms that are, or seem

when sleepers wake and yet still dream,

and when it’s vanished still declare,

with only bed and bedstead there,

that heavens had opened.

gyres run on;

when that greater dream had gone

calvert and wilson, blake and claude

prepared a rest for the people of god,

palmer’s phrase, but after that

confusion fell upon our thought.

v

irish poets learn your trade

sing whatever is well made,

scorn the sort now growing up

all out of shape from toe to top,

their unremembering hearts and heads

base-born products of base beds.

sing the peasantry, and then

hard-riding country gentlemen,

the holiness of monks, and after

porter-drinkers’ randy laughter;

sing the lords and ladies gay

that were beaten into the clay

through seven heroic centuries;

cast your mind on other days

that we in coming days may be

still the indomitable irishry.

vi

under bare ben bulben’s head

in drumcliff churchyard yeats is laid,

an ancestor was rector there

long years ago; a church stands near, by the road an ancient cross.

no marble, no conventional phrase,

on limestone quarried near the spot

by his command these words are cut:

cast a cold eye

on life, on death.

horseman, pass by!





357

three songs to the one burden


i

the roaring tinker if you like,

but mannion is my name,

and i beat up the common sort

and think it is no shame.

the common breeds the common,

a lout begets a lout,

so when i take on half a score

i knock their heads about.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

all mannions come from manannan,

though rich on every shore

he never lay behind four walls

he had such character,

nor ever made an iron red

nor soldered pot or pan;

his roaring and his ranting

best please a wandering man.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

could crazy jane put off old age

and ranting time renew,

could that old god rise up again

we’d drink a can or two,

and out and lay our leadership

on country and on town,

throw likely couples into bed

and knock the others down.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

ii

my name is henry middleton

i have a small demesne,

a small forgotten house that’s set

on a storm-bitten green,

i scrub its floors and make my bed,

i cook and change my plate,

the post and garden-boy alone

have keys to my old gate.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

though i have locked my gate on them

i pity all the young,

i know what devil’s trade they learn

from those they live among,

their drink, their pitch and toss by day,

their robbery by night;

the wisdom of the people’s gone,

how can the young go straight?

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

when every sunday afternoon

on the green lands i walk

and wear a coat in fashion,

memories of the talk

of hen wives and of queer old men

brace me and make me strong;

there’s not a pilot on the perch

knows i have lived so long.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

iii

come gather round me players all:

come praise nineteen-sixteen,

those from the pit and gallery

or from the painted scene

that fought in the post office

or round the city hall,

praise every man that came again,

praise every man that fell.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

who was the first man shot that day?

the player connolly,

close to the city hall he died;

carriage and voice had he;

he lacked those years that go with skill

but later might have been

a famous, brilliant figure

before the painted scene.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.

some had no thought of victory

but had gone out to die

that ireland’s mind be greater,

her heart mount up on high,

and no man knows what’s yet to come

but patrick pearse has said

in every generation

must ireland’s blood be shed.

from mountain to mountain ride the fierce horsemen.





358

the black tower


say that the men of the old black tower

though they but feed as the goatherd feeds

their money spent, their wine gone sour,

lack nothing that a soldier needs,

that all are oath-bound men

those banners come not in.

there in the tomb stand the dead upright but winds come up from the shore

they shake when the winds roar

old bones upon the mountain shake.

those banners come to bribe or threaten

or whisper that a man’s a fool

who when his own right king’s forgotten

cares what king sets up his rule.

if he died long ago

why do you dread us so?

there in the tomb drops the faint moonlight

but wind comes up from the shore

they shake when the winds roar

old bones upon the mountain shake.

the tower’s old cook that must climb and clamber

catching small birds in the dew of the morn

when we hale men lie stretched in slumber

swears that he hears the king’s great horn.

but he’s a lying hound;

stand we on guard oath-bound.

there in the tomb the dark grows blacker but wind comes up from the shore

they shake when the winds roar

old bones upon the mountain shake.





359

cuchulain comforted


a man that had six mortal wounds, a man

violent and famous, strode among the dead;

eyes stared out of the branches and were gone.

then certain shrouds that muttered head to head

came and were gone. he leant upon a tree

as though to meditate on wounds and blood.

a shroud that seemed to have authority

among those bird-like things came, and let fall

a bundle of linen. shrouds by two and three

came creeping up because the man was still.

and thereupon that linen-carrier said

’your life can grow much sweeter if you will

’obey our ancient rule and make a shroud;

mainly because of what we only know

the rattle of those arms makes us afraid.

‘we thread the needles’ eyes and all we do

all must together do.’ that done, the man

took up the nearest and began to sew.

’now we shall sing and sing the best we can

but first you must be told our character.

convicted cowards all by kindred slain

‘or driven from home and left to die in fear.’

they sang but had nor human notes nor words,

though all was done in common as before.

they had changed their throats and had the throats of

birds.





360

three marching songs


i

remember all those renowned generations,

they left their bodies to fatten the wolves,

they left their homesteads to fatten the foxes,

fled to far countries, or sheltered themselves

in cavern, crevice or hole,

defending ireland’s soul.

be still, be still, what can be said?

my father sang that song,

but time amends old wrong,

all that is finished, let it fade.

remember all those renowned generations,

remember all that have sunk in their blood,

remember all that have died on the scaffold,

remember all that have fled, that have stood,

stood, took death like a tune

on an old tambourine.

be still, be still, what can be said?

my father sang that song,

but time amends old wrong,

all that is finished, let it fade.

fail and that history turns into rubbish,

all that great past to a trouble of fools;

those that come after shall mock at o’donnell

mock at the memory of both o’neills,

mock emmet, mock parnell,

all the renown that fell.

be still, be still, what can be said?

my father sang that song,

but time amends old wrong,

all that is finished, let it fade.

ii

the soldier takes pride in saluting his captain,

the devotee proffers a knee to his lord,

some back a mare thrown from a thoroughbred,

troy backed its helen, troy died and adored;

great nations blossom above;

a slave bows down to a slave.

what marches through the mountain pass?

no, no, my son, not yet;

that is an airy* spot

and no man knows what treads the grass.

we know what rascal might has defiled

the lofty innocent that it has slain,

we were not born in the peasant’s cot

where man forgives if the belly gain.

more dread the life that we live,

how can the mind forgive?

what marches through the mountain pass?

no, no, my son, not yet;

that is an airy spot

and no man knows what treads the grass.

what if there’s nothing up there at the top?

where are the captains that govern mankind?

what tears down a tree that has nothing within it?

a blast of wind, o a marching wind.

march wind, and any old tune.

march march and how does it run.

what marches through the mountain pass?

no, no, my son, not yet;

that is an airy spot

and no man knows what treads the grass.

iii

grandfather sang it under the gallows:

‘hear, gentlemen, ladies, and all mankind:

money is good and a girl might be better,

but good strong blows are delights to the mind.’

there, standing on the cart,

he sang it from his heart.

robbers had taken his old tambourine,

but he took down the moon

and rattled out a tune;

robbers had taken his old tambourine.

‘a girl i had, but she followed another,

money i had, and it went in the night,

strong drink i had, and it brought me to sorrow,

but a good strong cause and blows are delight.’

all there caught up the tune:

‘on, on, my darling man.’

robbers had taken his old tambourine,

but he took down the moon

and rattled out a tune;

robbers had taken his old tambourine.

‘money is good and a girl might be better,

no matter what happens and who takes the fall,

but a good strong cause’—the rope gave a jerk there,

no more sang he, for his throat was too small;

but he kicked before he died,

he did it out of pride.

robbers had taken his old tambourine,

but he took down the moon

and rattled out a tune;

robbers had taken his old tambourine.





361

in tara’s halls.


a man i praise that once in tara’s halls

said to the woman on his knees, ‘lie still,

my hundredth year is at an end. i think

that something is about to happen, i think

that the adventure of old age begins.

to many women i have said “lie still”

and given everything that a woman needs

a roof, good clothes, passion, love perhaps

but never asked for love, should i ask that

i shall be old indeed.’

thereon the king

went to the sacred house and stood between

the golden plough and harrow and spoke aloud

that all attendants and the casual crowd might hear:

‘god i have loved, but should i ask return

of god or women the time were come to die.’

he bade, his hundred and first year at end,

diggers and carpenters make grave and coffin,

saw that the grave was deep, the coffin sound,

summoned the generations of his house

lay in the coffin, stopped his breath and died.





362

the statues


pythagoras planned it. why did the people stare?

his numbers though they moved or seemed to move

in marble or in bronze, lacked character.

but boys and girls pale from the imagined love

of solitary beds knew what they were,

that passion could bring character enough;

and pressed at midnight in some public place

live lips upon a plummet-measured face.

no; greater than pythagoras, for the men

that with a mallet or a chisel modelled these

calculations that look but casual flesh, put down

all asiatic vague immensities,

and not the banks of oars that swam upon

the many-headed foam at salamis.

europe put off that foam when phidias

gave women dreams and dreams their looking-glass.

one image crossed the many-headed, sat

under the tropic shade, grew round and slow,

no hamlet thin from eating flies, a fat

dreamer of the middle-ages. empty eye-balls knew

that knowledge increases unreality, that

mirror on mirror mirrored is all the show.

when gong and conch declare the hour to bless

grimalkin crawls to buddha’s emptiness.

when pearse summoned cuchulain to his side,

what stalked through the post office? what intellect,

what calculation, number, measurement, replied?

we irish, born into that ancient sect

but thrown upon this filthy modern tide

and by its formless, spawning, fury wrecked,

climb to our proper dark, that we may trace

the lineaments of a plummet-measured face.





363

news for the delphic oracle


i

there all the golden codgers lay,

there the silver dew,

and the great water sighed for love

and the wind sighed too.

man-picker niamh leant and sighed

by oisin on the grass;

there sighed amid his choir of love

tall pythagoras.

plotinus came and looked about,

the salt flakes on his breast,

and having stretched and yawned awhile

lay sighing like the rest.

ii

straddling each a dolphin’s back

and steadied by a fin

those innocents re-live their death,

their wounds open again.

the ecstatic waters laugh because

their cries are sweet and strange,

through their ancestral patterns dance,

and the brute dolphins plunge 20

until in some cliff-sheltered bay

where wades the choir of love

proffering its sacred laurel crowns,

they pitch their burdens off.

iii

slim adolescence that a nymph has stripped,

peleus on thetis stares,

her limbs are delicate as an eyelid,

love has blinded him with tears;

but thetis’ belly listens.

down the mountain walls

from where pan’s cavern is

intolerable music falls.

foul goat-head, brutal arm appear,

belly, shoulder, bum,

flash fishlike; nymphs and satyrs

copulate in the foam.





364

long-legged fly


that civilisation may not sink

its great battle lost,

quiet the dog, tether the pony

to a distant post.

our master caesar is in the tent

where the maps are spread,

his eyes fixed upon nothing,

a hand under his head.

like a long-legged fly upon the stream

his mind moves upon silence.

that the topless towers be burnt

and men recall that face,

move most gently if move you must

in this lonely place.

she thinks, part woman, three parts a child,

that nobody looks; her feet

practise a tinker shuffle

picked up on the street.

like a long-legged fly upon the stream

her mind moves upon silence.

that girls at puberty may find

the first adam in their thought,

shut the door of the pope’s chapel,

keep those children out.

there on the scaffolding reclines

michael angelo.

with no more sound than the mice make

his hand moves to and fro.

like a long-legged fly upon the stream

his mind moves upon silence.





365

a bronze head


here at right of the entrance this bronze head,

human, super-human, a bird’s round eye,

everything else withered and mummy-dead.

what great tomb-haunter sweeps the distant sky;

(something may linger there though all else die;)

and finds there nothing to make its terror less

hysterica-passio of its own emptiness?

no dark tomb-haunter once; her form all full

as though with magnanimity of light

yet a most gentle woman’s; who can tell

which of her forms has shown her substance right

or may be substance can be composite,

profound mctaggart thought so, and in a breath

a mouthful hold the extreme of life and death.

but even at the starting post, all sleek and new,

i saw the wildness in her and i thought

a vision of terror that it must live through

had shattered her soul. propinquity had brought

imagination to that pitch where it casts out

all that is not itself, i had grown wild

and wandered murmuring everywhere ‘my child, my child.’

or else i thought her supernatural;

as though a sterner eye looked through her eye

on this foul world in its decline and fall,

on gangling stocks grown great, great stocks run dry,

ancestral pearls all pitched into a sty,

heroic reverie mocked by clown and knave

and wondered what was left for massacre to save.





366

a stick of incense


whence did all that fury come,

from empty tomb or virgin womb?

st joseph thought the world would melt

but liked the way his finger smelt.





367

hound voice


because we love bare hills and stunted trees

and were the last to choose the settled ground,

its boredom of the desk or of the spade, because

so many years companioned by a hound,

our voices carry; and though slumber bound,

some few half wake and half renew their choice,

give tongue, proclaim their hidden name—‘hound voice.’

the women that i picked spoke sweet and low

and yet gave tongue. ‘hound voices’ were they all.

we picked each other from afar and knew

what hour of terror comes to test the soul,

and in that terror’s name obeyed the call,

and understood, what none have understood,

those images that waken in the blood.

some day we shall get up before the dawn

and find our ancient hounds before the door,

and wide awake know that the hunt is on;

stumbling upon the blood-dark track once more,

that stumbling to the kill beside the shore;

then cleaning out and bandaging of wounds,

and chants of victory amid the encircling hounds.





368

john kinsella’s lament for mrs. mary moore


i

a bloody and a sudden end,

gunshot or a noose,

for death who takes what man would keep,

leaves what man would lose.

he might have had my sister

my cousins by the score,

but nothing satisfied the fool

but my dear mary moore,

none other knows what pleasures man

at table or in bed.

what shall i do for pretty girls

now my old bawd is dead?

ii

though swift to strike a bargain

like an old jew man,

her bargain struck we laughed and talked

and emptied many a can;

and o! but she had stories

though not for the priest’s ear,

to keep the soul of man alive

banish age and care,

and being old she put a skin

on everything she said.

what shall i do for pretty girls

now my old bawd is dead?

iii

the priests have got a book that says

but for adam’s sin

eden’s garden would be there

and i there within.

no expectation fails there

no pleasing habit ends

no man grows old, no girl grows cold,

but friends walk by friends.

who quarrels over halfpennies

that plucks the trees for bread.

what shall i do for pretty girls

now my old bawd is dead?





369

high talk


processions that lack high stilts have nothing that catches the eye.

what if my great-granddad had a pair that were twenty foot high,

and mine were but fifteen foot, no modern stalks upon higher,

some rogue of the world stole them to patch up a fence or a fire.

because piebald ponies, led bears, caged lions, make but poor shows,

because children demand daddy-long-legs upon his timber toes,

because women in the upper stories demand a face at the pane

that patching old heels they may shriek, i take to chisel and plane.

malachi stilt-jack am i, whatever i learned has run wild,

from collar to collar, from stilt to stilt, from father to child.

all metaphor, malachi, stilts and all. a barnacle goose

far up in the stretches of night; night splits and the dawn breaks loose;

i, through the terrible novelty of light, stalk on, stalk on;

those great sea-horses bare their teeth and laugh at the dawn.





370

the apparitions


because there is safety in derision

i talked about an apparition,

i took no trouble to convince,

or seem plausible to a man of sense,

distrustful of that popular eye

whether it be bold or sly.

fifteen apparitions have i seen;

the worst a coat upon a coat-hanger.

i have found nothing half so good

as my long-planned half solitude,

where i can sit up half the night

with some friend that has the wit

not to allow his looks to tell

when i am unintelligible.

fifteen apparitions have i seen;

the worst a coat upon a coat-hanger.

when a man grows old his joy

grows more deep day after day,

his empty heart is full at length

but he has need of all that strength 20

because of the increasing night

that opens her mystery and fright.

fifteen apparitions have i seen;

the worst a coat upon a coat-hanger.





371

a nativity


what woman hugs her infant there?

another star has shot an ear.

what made the drapery glisten so?

not a man but delacroix.

what made the ceiling waterproof?

landor’s tarpaulin on the roof.

what brushes fly and moth aside?

irving and his plume of pride.

what hurries out the knave and dolt?

talma and his thunderbolt.

why is the woman terror-struck?

can there be mercy in that look?





372

man and the echo


man. in a cleft that’s christened alt

under broken stone i halt

at the bottom of a pit

that broad noon has never lit,

and shout a secret to the stone.

all that i have said and done,

now that i am old and ill,

turns into a question till

i lie awake night after night

and never get the answers right.

did that play of mine send out

certain men the english shot?

did words of mine put too great strain

on that woman’s reeling brain?

could my spoken words have checked

that whereby a house lay wrecked?

and all seems evil until i

sleepless would lie down and die.

echo. lie down and die.

man. that were to shirk

the spiritual intellect’s great work

and shirk it in vain. there is no release

in a bodkin or disease,

nor can there be a work so great

as that which cleans man’s dirty slate.

while man can still his body keep

wine or love drug him to sleep,

waking he thanks the lord that he

has body and its stupidity,

but body gone he sleeps no more

and till his intellect grows sure

that all’s arranged in one clear view

pursues the thoughts that i pursue,

then stands in judgment on his soul,

and, all work done, dismisses all

out of intellect and sight

and sinks at last into the night.

echo. into the night.

man. o rocky voice

shall we in that great night rejoice?

what do we know but that we face

one another in this place?

but hush, for i have lost the theme

its joy or night seem but a dream;

up there some hawk or owl has struck

dropping out of sky or rock,

a stricken rabbit is crying out

and its cry distracts my thought.





373

the circus animals’ desertion


i

i sought a theme and sought for it in vain,

i sought it daily for six weeks or so.

maybe at last being but a broken man

i must be satisfied with my heart, although

winter and summer till old age began

my circus animals were all on show,

those stilted boys, that burnished chariot,

lion and woman and the lord knows what.

ii

what can i but enumerate old themes,

first that sea-rider oisin led by the nose

through three enchanted islands, allegorical dreams,

vain gaiety, vain battle, vain repose,

themes of the embittered heart, or so it seems,

that might adorn old songs or courtly shows;

but what cared i that set him on to ride,

i, starved for the bosom of his fairy bride.

and then a counter-truth filled out its play,

‘the countess cathleen’ was the name i gave it,

she, pity-crazed, had given her soul away

but masterful heaven had intervened to save it.

i thought my dear must her own soul destroy

so did fanaticism and hate enslave it,

and this brought forth a dream and soon enough

this dream itself had all my thought and love.

and when the fool and blind man stole the bread

cuchulain fought the ungovernable sea;

heart mysteries there, and yet when all is said

it was the dream itself enchanted me:

character isolated by a deed

to engross the present and dominate memory.

players and painted stage took all my love

and not those things that they were emblems of.

iii

those masterful images because complete

grew in pure mind but out of what began?

a mound of refuse or the sweepings of a street,

old kettles, old bottles, and a broken can,

old iron, old bones, old rags, that raving slut

who keeps the till. now that my ladder’s gone

i must lie down where all the ladders start

in the foul rag and bone shop of the heart.





374

politics


‘in our time the destiny of man presents its meanings in political terms.’

thomas mann.

how can i, that girl standing there,

my attention fix

on roman or on russian

or on spanish politics,

yet here’s a travelled man that knows

what he talks about,

and there’s a politician

that has both read and thought,

and maybe what they say is true

of war and war’s alarms,

but o that i were young again

and held her in my arms.

*

‘airy’ may be an old pronunciation of ‘eerie’. i often heard it in galway and sligo.





narrative and dramatic


the wanderings of oisin 1889

‘give me the world if thou wilt, but grant me an asylum for my affections.’

tulka

to edwin j. ellis





375

the wanderings of oisin


book i

s. patrick. you who are bent, and bald, and blind,

with a heavy heart and a wandering mind,

have known three centuries, poets sing,

of dalliance with a demon thing.

oisin. sad to remember, sick with years,

the swift innumerable spears,

the horsemen with their floating hair,

and bowls of barley, honey, and wine,

those merry couples dancing in tune,

and the white body that lay by mine;

but the tale, though words be lighter than air,

must live to be old like the wandering moon.

caoilte, and conan, and finn were there,

when we followed a deer with our baying hounds,

with bran, sceolan, and lomair,

and passing the firbolgs’ burial-mounds,

came to the cairn-heaped grassy hill

where passionate maeve is stony-still;

and found on the dove-grey edge of the sea

a pearl-pale, high-born lady, who rode

on a horse with bridle of findrinny;

and like a sunset were her lips,

a stormy sunset on doomed ships;

a citron colour gloomed in her hair,

but down to her feet white vesture flowed,

and with the glimmering crimson glowed

of many a figured embroidery;

and it was bound with a pearl-pale shell

that wavered like the summer streams,

as her soft bosom rose and fell.

s. patrick. you are still wrecked among heathen dreams.

oisin. ‘why do you wind no horn?’ she said.

‘and every hero droop his head?

the hornless deer is not more sad

that many a peaceful moment had,

more sleek than any granary mouse,

in his own leafy forest house

among the waving fields of fern:

the hunting of heroes should be glad.’

‘o pleasant woman,’ answered finn,

‘we think on oscar’s pencilled urn,

and on the heroes lying slain

on gabhra’s raven-covered plain;

but where are your noble kith and kin,

and from what country do you ride?’

‘my father and my mother are

aengus and edain, my own name

niamh, and my country far

beyond the tumbling of this tide.’

‘what dream came with you that you came

through bitter tide on foam-wet feet?

did your companion wander away

from where the birds of aengus wing?’

thereon did she look haughty and sweet:

‘i have not yet, war-weary king,

been spoken of with any man;

yet now i choose, for these four feet

ran through the foam and ran to this

that i might have your son to kiss.’

‘were there no better than my son

that you through all that foam should run?’

‘i loved no man, though kings besought,

until the danaan poets brought

rhyme that rhymed upon oisin’s name,

and now i am dizzy with the thought

of all that wisdom and the fame

of battles broken by his hands,

of stories builded by his words

that are like coloured asian birds

at evening in their rainless lands.’

o patrick, by your brazen bell,

there was no limb of mine but fell

into a desperate gulph of love!

‘you only will i wed,’ i cried,

‘and i will make a thousand songs,

and set your name all names above,

and captives bound with leathern thongs,

shall kneel and praise you, one by one,

at evening in my western dun.’

‘o oisin, mount by me and ride

to shores by the wash of the tremulous tide,

where men have heaped no burial-mounds,

and the days pass by like a wayward tune,

where broken faith has never been known,

and the blushes of first love never have flown;

and there i will give you a hundred hounds;

no mightier creatures bay at the moon;

and a hundred robes of murmuring silk,

and a hundred calves and a hundred sheep

whose long wool whiter than sea-froth flows,

and a hundred spears and a hundred bows,

and oil and wine and honey and milk,

and always never-anxious sleep;

while a hundred youths, mighty of limb,

but knowing nor tumult nor hate nor strife,

and a hundred ladies, merry as birds,

who when they dance to a fitful measure

have a speed like the speed of the salmon herds,

shall follow your horn and obey your whim,

and you shall know the danaan leisure;

and niamh be with you for a wife.’

then she sighed gently, ‘it grows late.

music and love and sleep await,

where i would be when the white moon climbs,

the red sun falls and the world grows dim.’

and then i mounted and she bound me

with her triumphing arms around me,

and whispering to herself enwound me;

but when the horse had felt my weight,

he shook himself and neighed three times:

caoilte, conan, and finn came near,

and wept, and raised their lamenting hands,

and bid me stay, with many a tear;

but we rode out from the human lands.

in what far kingdom do you go,

ah, fenians, with the shield and bow?

or are you phantoms white as snow,

whose lips had life’s most prosperous glow?

o you, with whom in sloping valleys,

or down the dewy forest alleys,

i chased at morn the flying deer,

with whom i hurled the hurrying spear,

and heard the foemen’s bucklers rattle,

and broke the heaving ranks of battle!

and bran, sceolan, and lomair,

where are you with your long rough hair?

you go not where the red deer feeds.

nor tear the foemen from their steeds.

s. patrick. boast not, nor mourn with drooping head

companions long accurst and dead,

and hounds for centuries dust and air.

oisin. we galloped over the glossy sea:

i know not if days passed or hours,

and niamh sang continually

danaan songs, and their dewy showers

of pensive laughter, unhuman sound,

lulled weariness, and softly round

my human sorrow her white arms wound.

we galloped; now a hornless deer

passed by us, chased by a phantom hound

all pearly white, save one red ear;

and now a lady rode like the wind

with an apple of gold in her tossing hand;

and a beautiful young man followed behind

with quenchless gaze and fluttering hair.

‘were these two born in the danaan land,

or have they breathed the mortal air?’

‘vex them no longer,’ niamh said,

and sighing bowed her gentle head,

and sighing laid the pearly tip

of one long finger on my lip.

but now the moon like a white rose shone

in the pale west, and the sun’s rim sank,

and clouds arrayed their rank on rank

about his fading crimson ball:

the floor of almhuin’s hosting hall

was not more level than the sea,

as, full of loving fantasy,

and with low murmurs, we rode on,

where many a trumpet-twisted shell

that in immortal silence sleeps

dreaming of her own melting hues,

her golds, her ambers, and her blues,

pierced with soft light the shallowing deeps.

but now a wandering land breeze came

and a far sound of feathery quires;

it seemed to blow from the dying flame,

they seemed to sing in the smouldering fires.

the horse towards the music raced,

neighing along the lifeless waste;

like sooty fingers, many a tree

rose ever out of the warm sea;

and they were trembling ceaselessly,

as though they all were beating time,

upon the centre of the sun,

to that low laughing woodland rhyme.

and, now our wandering hours were done,

we cantered to the shore, and knew

the reason of the trembling trees:

round every branch the song-birds flew,

or clung thereon like swarming bees;

while round the shore a million stood

like drops of frozen rainbow light,

and pondered in a soft vain mood

upon their shadows in the tide,

and told the purple deeps their pride,

and murmured snatches of delight;

and on the shores were many boats

with bending sterns and bending bows,

and carven figures on their prows

of bitterns, and fish-eating stoats,

and swans with their exultant throats:

and where the wood and waters meet

we tied the horse in a leafy clump,

and niamh blew three merry notes

out of a little silver trump;

and then an answering whispering flew

over the bare and woody land,

a whisper of impetuous feet,

and ever nearer, nearer grew;

and from the woods rushed out a band

of men and ladies, hand in hand,

and singing, singing all together;

their brows were white as fragrant milk,

their cloaks made out of yellow silk,

and trimmed with many a crimson feather;

and when they saw the cloak i wore

was dim with mire of a mortal shore,

they fingered it and gazed on me

and laughed like murmurs of the sea;

but niamh with a swift distress

bid them away and hold their peace;

and when they heard her voice they ran

and knelt there, every girl and man,

and kissed, as they would never cease,

her pearl-pale hand and the hem of her dress.

she bade them bring us to the hall

where aengus dreams, from sun to sun,

a druid dream of the end of days

when the stars are to wane and the world be done.

they led us by long and shadowy ways

where drops of dew in myriads fall,

and tangled creepers every hour

blossom in some new crimson flower,

and once a sudden laughter sprang

from all their lips, and once they sang

together, while the dark woods rang,

and made in all their distant parts,

with boom of bees in honey-marts,

a rumour of delighted hearts.

and once a lady by my side

gave me a harp, and bid me sing,

and touch the laughing silver string;

but when i sang of human joy

a sorrow wrapped each merry face,

and, patrick! by your beard, they wept,

until one came, a tearful boy;

‘a sadder creature never stept

than this strange human bard,’ he cried;

and caught the silver harp away,

and, weeping over the white strings, hurled

it down in a leaf-hid, hollow place

that kept dim waters from the sky;

and each one said, with a long, long sigh,

‘o saddest harp in all the world,

sleep there till the moon and the stars die!’

and now, still sad, we came to where

a beautiful young man dreamed within

a house of wattles, clay, and skin;

one hand upheld his beardless chin,

and one a sceptre flashing out

wild flames of red and gold and blue,

like to a merry wandering rout

of dancers leaping in the air;

and men and ladies knelt them there

and showed their eyes with teardrops dim,

and with low murmurs prayed to him,

and kissed the sceptre with red lips,

and touched it with their finger-tips.

he held that flashing sceptre up.

‘joy drowns the twilight in the dew,

and fills with stars night’s purple cup,

and wakes the sluggard seeds of corn,

and stirs the young kid’s budding horn,

and makes the infant ferns unwrap,

and for the peewit paints his cap,

and rolls along the unwieldy sun,

and makes the little planets run:

and if joy were not on the earth,

there were an end of change and birth,

and earth and heaven and hell would die,

and in some gloomy barrow lie

folded like a frozen fly;

then mock at death and time with glances

and wavering arms and wandering dances.

‘men’s hearts of old were drops of flame

that from the saffron morning came,

or drops of silver joy that fell

out of the moon’s pale twisted shell;

but now hearts cry that hearts are slaves,

and toss and turn in narrow caves;

but here there is nor law nor rule,

nor have hands held a weary tool;

and here there is nor change nor death,

but only kind and merry breath,

for joy is god and god is joy.’

with one long glance for girl and boy

and the pale blossom of the moon,

he fell into a druid swoon.

and in a wild and sudden dance

we mocked at time and fate and chance

and swept out of the wattled hall

and came to where the dewdrops fall

among the foamdrops of the sea,

and there we hushed the revelry;

and, gathering on our brows a frown,

bent all our swaying bodies down,

and to the waves that glimmer by

that sloping green de danaan sod

sang,‘god is joy and joy is god,

and things that have grown sad are wicked,

and things that fear the dawn of the morrow

or the grey wandering osprey sorrow.’

we danced to where in the winding thicket

the damask roses, bloom on bloom,

like crimson meteors hang in the gloom,

and bending over them softly said,

bending over them in the dance,

with a swift and friendly glance

from dewy eyes: ‘upon the dead

fall the leaves of other roses,

on the dead dim earth encloses:

but never, never on our graves,

heaped beside the glimmering waves,

shall fall the leaves of damask roses.

for neither death nor change comes near us,

and all listless hours fear us,

and we fear no dawning morrow,

nor the grey wandering osprey sorrow.’

the dance wound through the windless woods;

the ever-summered solitudes;

until the tossing arms grew still

upon the woody central hill;

and, gathered in a panting band,

we flung on high each waving hand,

and sang unto the starry broods.

in our raised eyes there flashed a glow

of milky brightness to and fro

as thus our song arose: ‘you stars,

across your wandering ruby cars

shake the loose reins: you slaves of god,

he rules you with an iron rod,

he holds you with an iron bond,

each one woven to the other,

each one woven to his brother

like bubbles in a frozen pond;

but we in a lonely land abide

unchainable as the dim tide,

with hearts that know nor law nor rule,

and hands that hold no wearisome tool,

folded in love that fears no morrow,

nor the grey wandering osprey sorrow.’

o patrick! for a hundred years

i chased upon that woody shore

the deer, the badger, and the boar.

o patrick! for a hundred years

at evening on the glimmering sands,

beside the piled-up hunting spears,

these now outworn and withered hands

wrestled among the island bands.

o patrick! for a hundred years

we went a-fishing in long boats

with bending sterns and bending bows,

and carven figures on their prows

of bitterns and fish-eating stoats.

o patrick! for a hundred years the gentle niamh was my wife;

but now two things devour my life;

the things that most of all i hate:

fasting and prayers.

s. patrick. tell on.

oisin. yes, yes,

for these were ancient oisin’s fate

loosed long ago from heaven’s gate,

for his last days to lie in wait.

when one day by the tide i stood,

i found in that forgetfulness

of dreamy foam a staff of wood

from some dead warrior’s broken lance:

i turned it in my hands; the stains

of war were on it, and i wept,

remembering how the fenians stept

along the blood-bedabbled plains,

equal to good or grievous chance:

thereon young niamh softly came

and caught my hands, but spake no word

save only many times my name,

in murmurs, like a frighted bird.

we passed by woods, and lawns of clover,

and found the horse and bridled him,

for we knew well the old was over.

i heard one say, ‘his eyes grow dim

with all the ancient sorrow of men’;

and wrapped in dreams rode out again

with hoofs of the pale findrinny

over the glimmering purple sea.

under the golden evening light,

the immortals moved among the fountains

by rivers and the woods’ old night;

some danced like shadows on the mountains,

some wandered ever hand in hand;

or sat in dreams on the pale strand,

each forehead like an obscure star

bent down above each hooked knee,

and sang, and with a dreamy gaze

watched where the sun in a saffron blaze

was slumbering half in the sea-ways;

and, as they sang, the painted birds

kept time with their bright wings and feet;

like drops of honey came their words,

but fainter than a young lamb’s bleat.

‘an old man stirs the fire to a blaze,

in the house of a child, of a friend, of a brother.

he has over-lingered his welcome; the days,

grown desolate, whisper and sigh to each other;

he hears the storm in the chimney above,

and bends to the fire and shakes with the cold,

while his heart still dreams of battle and love,

and the cry of the hounds on the hills of old.

‘but we are apart in the grassy places,

where care cannot trouble the least of our days,

or the softness of youth be gone from our faces,

or love’s first tenderness die in our gaze.

the hare grows old as she plays in the sun

and gazes around her with eyes of brightness;

before the swift things that she dreamed of were done

she limps along in an aged whiteness;

a storm of birds in the asian trees

like tulips in the air a-winging,

and the gentle waves of the summer seas,

that raise their heads and wander singing,

must murmur at last, “unjust, unjust”;

and “my speed is a weariness,” falters the mouse,

and the kingfisher turns to a ball of dust,

and the roof falls in of his tunnelled house.

but the love-dew dims our eyes till the day

when god shall come from the sea with a sigh

and bid the stars drop down from the sky,

and the moon like a pale rose wither away.’

book ii

now, man of croziers, shadows called our names

and then away, away, like whirling flames;

and now fled by, mist-covered, without sound,

the youth and lady and the deer and hound;

‘gaze no more on the phantoms,’ niamh said,

and kissed my eyes, and, swaying her bright head

and her bright body, sang of faery and man

before god was or my old line began;

wars shadowy, vast, exultant; faeries of old

who wedded men with rings of druid gold;

and how those lovers never turn their eyes

upon the life that fades and flickers and dies,

yet love and kiss on dim shores far away

rolled round with music of the sighing spray:

yet sang no more as when, like a brown bee

that has drunk full, she crossed the misty sea

with me in her white arms a hundred years

before this day; for now the fall of tears

troubled her song.

i do not know if days

or hours passed by, yet hold the morning rays

shone many times among the glimmering flowers

woven into her hair, before dark towers

rose in the darkness, and the white surf gleamed

about them; and the horse of faery screamed

and shivered, knowing the isle of many fears,

nor ceased until white niamh stroked his ears

and named him by sweet names.

a foaming tide

whitened afar with surge, fan-formed and wide,

burst from a great door marred by many a blow

from mace and sword and pole-axe, long ago

when gods and giants warred. we rode between

the seaweed-covered pillars; and the green

and surging phosphorus alone gave light

on our dark pathway, till a countless flight

of moonlit steps glimmered; and left and right

dark statues glimmered over the pale tide

upon dark thrones. between the lids of one

the imaged meteors had flashed and run

and had disported in the stilly jet,

and the fixed stars had dawned and shone and set,

since god made time and death and sleep: the other

stretched his long arm to where, a misty smother,

the stream churned, churned, and churned—his lips apart,

as though he told his never-slumbering heart

of every foamdrop on its misty way.

tying the horse to his vast foot that lay

half in the unvesselled sea, we climbed the stair

and climbed so long, i thought the last steps were

hung from the morning star; when these mild words

fanned the delighted air like wings of birds:

‘my brothers spring out of their beds at morn,

a-murmur like young partridge: with loud horn

they chase the noontide deer;

and when the dew-drowned stars hang in the air

look to long fishing-lines, or point and pare

an ashen hunting spear.

o sigh, o fluttering sigh, be kind to me;

flutter along the froth lips of the sea,

and shores the froth lips wet:

and stay a little while, and bid them weep:

ah, touch their blue-veined eyelids if they sleep,

and shake their coverlet.

when you have told how i weep endlessly,

flutter along the froth lips of the sea

and home to me again,

and in the shadow of my hair lie hid,

and tell me that you found a man unbid,

the saddest of all men.’

a lady with soft eyes like funeral tapers,

and face that seemed wrought out of moonlit vapours,

and a sad mouth, that fear made tremulous

as any ruddy moth, looked down on us;

and she with a wave-rusted chain was tied

to two old eagles, full of ancient pride,

that with dim eyeballs stood on either side.

few feathers were on their dishevelled wings,

for their dim minds were with the ancient things.

‘i bring deliverance,’ pearl-pale niamh said.

‘neither the living, nor the unlabouring dead,

nor the high gods who never lived, may fight

my enemy and hope; demons for fright

jabber and scream about him in the night;

for he is strong and crafty as the seas

that sprang under the seven hazel trees,

and i must needs endure and hate and weep,

until the gods and demons drop asleep,

hearing aed touch the mournful strings of gold.’

‘is he so dreadful?’

‘be not over-bold,

but fly while still you may.’

and thereon i:

‘this demon shall be battered till he die,

and his loose bulk be thrown in the loud tide.’

‘flee from him,’ pearl-pale niamh weeping cried,

‘for all men flee the demons’; but moved not

my angry king-remembering soul one jot.

there was no mightier soul of heber’s line;

now it is old and mouse-like. for a sign

i burst the chain: still earless, nerveless, blind,

wrapped in the things of the unhuman mind,

in some dim memory or ancient mood,

still earless, nerveless, blind, the eagles stood.

and then we climbed the stair to a high door;

a hundred horsemen on the basalt floor

beneath had paced content: we held our way

and stood within: clothed in a misty ray

i saw a foam-white seagull drift and float

under the roof, and with a straining throat

shouted, and hailed him: he hung there a star,

for no man’s cry shall ever mount so far;

not even your god could have thrown down that hall;

stabling his unloosed lightnings in their stall,

he had sat down and sighed with cumbered heart,

as though his hour were come.

we sought the part

that was most distant from the door; green slime

made the way slippery, and time on time

showed prints of sea-born scales, while down through it

the captive’s journeys to and fro were writ

like a small river, and where feet touched came

a momentary gleam of phosphorus flame.

under the deepest shadows of the hall

that woman found a ring hung on the wall,

and in the ring a torch, and with its flare

making a world about her in the air,

passed under the dim doorway, out of sight,

and came again, holding a second light

burning between her fingers, and in mine

laid it and sighed: i held a sword whose shine

no centuries could dim, and a word ran

thereon in ogham letters, ‘manannan’;

that sea-god’s name, who in a deep content

sprang dripping, and, with captive demons sent

out of the sevenfold seas, built the dark hall

rooted in foam and clouds, and cried to all

the mightier masters of a mightier race;

and at his cry there came no milk-pale face

under a crown of thorns and dark with blood,

but only exultant faces.

niamh stood

with bowed head, trembling when the white blade shone,

but she whose hours of tenderness were gone

had neither hope nor fear. i bade them hide

under the shadows till the tumults died

of the loud-crashing and earth-shaking fight,

lest they should look upon some dreadful sight;

and thrust the torch between the slimy flags.

a dome made out of endless carven jags,

where shadowy face flowed into shadowy face,

looked down on me; and in the self-same place

i waited hour by hour, and the high dome,

windowless, pillarless, multitudinous home

of faces, waited; and the leisured gaze

was loaded with the memory of days

buried and mighty. when through the great door

the dawn came in, and glimmered on the floor

with a pale light, i journeyed round the hall

and found a door deep sunken in the wall,

the least of doors; beyond on a dim plain

a little runnel made a bubbling strain,

and on the runnel’s stony and bare edge

a dusky demon dry as a withered sedge

swayed, crooning to himself an unknown tongue:

in a sad revelry he sang and swung

bacchant and mournful, passing to and fro

his hand along the runnel’s side, as though

the flowers still grew there: far on the sea’s waste

shaking and waving, vapour vapour chased,

while high frail cloudlets, fed with a green light,

like drifts of leaves, immovable and bright,

hung in the passionate dawn. he slowly turned:

a demon’s leisure: eyes, first white, now burned

like wings of kingfishers; and he arose

barking. we trampled up and down with blows

of sword and brazen battle-axe, while day

gave to high noon and noon to night gave way;

and when he knew the sword of manannan

amid the shades of night, he changed and ran

through many shapes; i lunged at the smooth throat

of a great eel; it changed, and i but smote

a fir-tree roaring in its leafless top;

and thereupon i drew the livid chop

of a drowned dripping body to my breast;

horror from horror grew; but when the west

had surged up in a plumy fire, i drave

through heart and spine; and cast him in the wave

lest niamh shudder.

full of hope and dread

those two came carrying wine and meat and bread,

and healed my wounds with unguents out of flowers

that feed white moths by some de danaan shrine;

then in that hall, lit by the dim sea-shine,

we lay on skins of otters, and drank wine,

brewed by the sea-gods, from huge cups that lay

upon the lips of sea-gods in their day;

and then on heaped-up skins of otters slept.

and when the sun once more in saffron stept,

rolling his flagrant wheel out of the deep,

we sang the loves and angers without sleep,

and all the exultant labours of the strong.

but now the lying clerics murder song

with barren words and flatteries of the weak.

in what land do the powerless turn the beak

of ravening sorrow, or the hand of wrath?

for all your croziers, they have left the path

and wander in the storms and clinging snows,

hopeless for ever: ancient oisin knows,

for he is weak and poor and blind, and lies

on the anvil of the world.

s. patrick. be still: the skies

are choked with thunder, lightning, and fierce wind.

for god has heard, and speaks his angry mind;

go cast your body on the stones and pray,

for he has wrought midnight and dawn and day.

oisin. saint, do you weep? i hear amid the thunder

the fenian horses; armour torn asunder;

laughter and cries. the armies clash and shock,

and now the daylight-darkening ravens flock.

cease, cease, o mournful, laughing fenian horn!

we feasted for three days. on the fourth morn

i found, dropping sea-foam on the wide stair,

and hung with slime, and whispering in his hair,

that demon dull and unsubduable;

and once more to a day-long battle fell,

and at the sundown threw him in the surge,

to lie until the fourth morn saw emerge

his new-healed shape; and for a hundred years

so warred, so feasted, with nor dreams nor fears,

nor languor nor fatigue: an endless feast,

an endless war.

the hundred years had ceased;

i stood upon the stair: the surges bore

a beech-bough to me, and my heart grew sore,

remembering how i had stood by white-haired finn

under a beech at almhuin and heard the thin

outcry of bats.

and then young niamh came

holding that horse, and sadly called my name;

i mounted, and we passed over the lone

and drifting greyness, while this monotone,

surly and distant, mixed inseparably

into the clangour of the wind and sea.

‘i hear my soul drop down into decay,

and manannan’s dark tower, stone after stone,

gather sea-slime and fall the seaward way,

and the moon goad the waters night and day,

that all be overthrown.

‘but till the moon has taken all, i wage

war on the mightiest men under the skies,

and they have fallen or fled, age after age.

light is man’s love, and lighter is man’s rage;

his purpose drifts and dies.’

and then lost niamh murmured, ‘love, we go

to the island of forgetfulness, for lo!

the islands of dancing and of victories

are empty of all power.’

‘and which of these

is the island of content?’

‘none know,’ she said;

and on my bosom laid her weeping head.

book iii

fled foam underneath us, and round us, a wandering and milky smoke,

high as the saddle-girth, covering away from our glances the tide;

and those that fled, and that followed, from the foam-pale distance broke;

the immortal desire of immortals we saw in their faces, and sighed.

i mused on the chase with the fenians, and bran, sceolan, lomair,

and never a song sang niamh, and over my finger-tips

came now the sliding of tears and sweeping of mist-cold hair,

and now the warmth of sighs, and after the quiver of lips.

were we days long or hours long in riding, when, rolled in a grisly peace,

an isle lay level before us, with dripping hazel and oak? and we stood on a sea’s edge we saw not; for whiter than new-washed fleece

fled foam underneath us, and round us, a wandering and milky smoke.

and we rode on the plains of the sea’s edge; the sea’s edge barren and grey,

grey sand on the green of the grasses and over the dripping trees,

dripping and doubling landward, as though they would hasten away,

like an army of old men longing for rest from the moan of the seas.

but the trees grew taller and closer, immense in their wrinkling bark;

dropping; a murmurous dropping; old silence and that one sound;

for no live creatures lived there, no weasels moved in the dark:

long sighs arose in our spirits, beneath us bubbled the ground.

and the ears of the horse went sinking away in the hollow night,

for, as drift from a sailor slow drowning the gleams of the world and the sun,

ceased on our hands and our faces, on hazel and oak leaf, the light,

and the stars were blotted above us, and the whole of the world was one.

till the horse gave a whinny; for, cumbrous with stems of the hazel and oak,

a valley flowed down from his hoofs, and there in the long grass lay, under the starlight and shadow, a monstrous slumbering folk,

their naked and gleaming bodies poured out and heaped in the way.

and by them were arrow and war-axe, arrow and shield and blade;

and dew-blanched horns, in whose hollow a child of three years old

could sleep on a couch of rushes, and all inwrought and inlaid,

and more comely than man can make them with bronze and silver and gold.

and each of the huge white creatures was huger than fourscore men;

the tops of their ears were feathered, their hands were the claws of birds,

and, shaking the plumes of the grasses and the leaves of the mural glen,

the breathing came from those bodies, long warless, grown whiter than curds.

the wood was so spacious above them, that he who has stars for his flocks

could fondle the leaves with his fingers, nor go from his dew-cumbered skies;

so long were they sleeping, the owls had builded their nests in their locks,

filling the fibrous dimness with long generations of eyes.

and over the limbs and the valley the slow owls wandered and came,

now in a place of star-fire, and now in a shadow-place wide;

and the chief of the huge white creatures, his knees in the soft star-flame,

lay loose in a place of shadow: we drew the reins by his side. golden the nails of his bird-claws, flung loosely along the dim ground;

in one was a branch soft-shining with bells more many than sighs

in midst of an old man’s bosom; owls ruffling and pacing around

sidled their bodies against him, filling the shade with their eyes.

and my gaze was thronged with the sleepers; no, not since the world began,

in realms where the handsome were many, nor in 50 glamours by demons flung,

have faces alive with such beauty been known to the salt eye of man,

yet weary with passions that faded when the sevenfold seas were young.

and i gazed on the bell-branch, sleep’s forebear, far sung by the sennachies.

i saw how those slumberers, grown weary, their camping in grasses deep,

of wars with the wide world and pacing the shores of the wandering seas,

laid hands on the bell-branch and swayed it, and fed of unhuman sleep.

snatching the horn of niamh, i blew a long lingering note.

came sound from those monstrous sleepers, a sound like the stirring of flies.

he, shaking the fold of his lips, and heaving the pillar of his throat,

watched me with mournful wonder out of the wells of his 60 eyes.

i cried, ‘come out of the shadow, king of the nails of gold!

and tell of your goodly household and the goodly works of your hands, that we may muse in the starlight and talk of the battles of old;

your questioner, oisin, is worthy, he comes from the fenian lands.’

half open his eyes were, and held me, dull with the smoke of their dreams;

his lips moved slowly in answer, no answer out of them came;

then he swayed in his fingers the bell-branch, slow dropping a sound in faint streams

softer than snow-flakes in april and piercing the marrow like flame.

wrapt in the wave of that music, with weariness more than of earth,

the moil of my centuries filled me; and gone like a sea-covered stone

were the memories of the whole of my sorrow and the memories of the whole of my mirth,

and a softness came from the starlight and filled me full to the bone.

in the roots of the grasses, the sorrels, i laid my body as low;

and the pearl-pale niamh lay by me, her brow on the midst of my breast;

and the horse was gone in the distance, and years after years ’gan flow;

square leaves of the ivy moved over us, binding us down to our rest.

and, man of the many white croziers, a century there i forgot

how the fetlocks drip blood in the battle, when the fallen on fallen lie rolled;

how the falconer follows the falcon in the weeds of the heron’s plot,

and the name of the demon whose hammer made conchubar’s sword-blade of old. and, man of the many white croziers, a century there i forgot

that the spear-shaft is made out of ashwood, the shield out of osier and hide;

how the hammers spring on the anvil, on the spear-head’s burning spot;

how the slow, blue-eyed oxen of finn low sadly at evening tide.

but in dreams, mild man of the croziers, driving the dust with their throngs,

moved round me, of seamen or landsmen, all who are winter tales;

came by me the kings of the red branch, with roaring of laughter and songs,

or moved as they moved once, love-making or piercing the tempest with sails.

came blanid, mac nessa, tall fergus who feastward of old time slunk,

cook barach, the traitor; and warward, the spittle on his beard never dry,

dark balor, as old as a forest, car-borne, his mighty head sunk

helpless, men lifting the lids of his weary and death-making eye.

and by me, in soft red raiment, the fenians moved in loud streams,

and grania, walking and smiling, sewed with her needle of bone.

so lived i and lived not, so wrought i and wrought not, with creatures of dreams,

in a long iron sleep, as a fish in the water goes dumb as a stone.

at times our slumber was lightened. when the sun was on silver or gold;

when brushed with the wings of the owls, in the dimness they love going by; when a glow-worm was green on a grass-leaf, lured from his lair in the mould;

half wakening, we lifted our eyelids, and gazed on the grass with a sigh.

so watched i when, man of the croziers, at the heel of a century fell,

weak, in the midst of the meadow, from his miles in the midst of the air,

a starling like them that forgathered ’neath a moon waking white as a shell

when the fenians made foray at morning with bran, sceolan, lomair.

i awoke: the strange horse without summons out of the distance ran,

thrusting his nose to my shoulder; he knew in his bosom deep

that once more moved in my bosom the ancient sadness of man,

and that i would leave the immortals, their dimness, their dews dropping sleep.

o, had you seen beautiful niamh grow white as the waters are white,

lord of the croziers, you even had lifted your hands and wept;

but, the bird in my fingers, i mounted, remembering alone that delight

of twilight and slumber were gone, and that hoofs impatiently stept.

i cried, ‘o niamh! o white one! it only a twelve-houred day,

i must gaze on the beard of finn, and move where the old men and young

in the fenians’ dwellings of wattle lean on the chess-boards and play,

ah, sweet to me now were even bald conan’s slanderous tongue! ‘like me were some galley forsaken far off in meridian isle,

remembering its long-oared companions, sails turning to threadbare rags;

no more to crawl on the seas with long oars mile after mile,

but to be amid shooting of flies and flowering of rushes and flags.’

their motionless eyeballs of spirits grown mild with mysterious thought,

watched her those seamless faces from the valley’s glimmering girth;

as she murmured, ‘o wandering oisin, the strength of the bell-branch is naught,

for there moves alive in your fingers the fluttering sadness of earth.

‘then go through the lands in the saddle and see what the mortals do,

and softly come to your niamh over the tops of the tide;

but weep for your niamh, o oisin, weep; for if only your shoe

brush lightly as haymouse earth’s pebbles, you will come no more to my side.

‘o flaming lion of the world, o when will you turn to your rest?’

i saw from a distant saddle; from the earth she made her moan:

‘i would die like a small withered leaf in the autumn, for breast unto breast

we shall mingle no more, nor our gazes empty their sweetness lone

‘in the isles of the farthest seas where only the spirits come.

were the winds less soft than the breath of a pigeon who sleeps on her nest,

nor lost in the star-fires and odours the sound of the sea’s vague drum?

o flaming lion of the world, o when will you turn to your rest?’ the wailing grew distant; i rode by the woods of the wrinkling bark,

where ever is murmurous dropping, old silence and that one sound;

for no live creatures live there, no weasels move in the dark;

in a reverie forgetful of all things, over the bubbling ground.

and i rode by the plains of the sea’s edge, where all is barren and grey,

grey sand on the green of the grasses and over the dripping trees,

dripping and doubling landward, as though they would hasten away,

like an army of old men longing for rest from the moan of the seas.

and the winds made the sands on the sea’s edge turning and turning go,

as my mind made the names of the fenians. far from the hazel and oak,

i rode away on the surges, where, high as the saddle-bow,

fled foam underneath me, and round me, a wandering and milky smoke.

long fled the foam-flakes around me, the winds fled out of the vast,

snatching the bird in secret; nor knew i, embosomed apart,

when they froze the cloth on my body like armour riveted fast,

for remembrance, lifting her leanness, keened in the gates of my heart.

till, fattening the winds of the morning, an odour of new-mown hay

came, and my forehead fell low, and my tears like berries fell down; later a sound came, half lost in the sound of a shore far away,

from the great grass-barnacle calling, and later the shoreweeds brown.

if i were as i once was, the strong hoofs crushing the sand and the shells,

coming out of the sea as the dawn comes, a chaunt of love on my lips,

not coughing, my head on my knees, and praying, and wroth with the bells,

i would leave no saint’s head on his body from rachlin to bera of ships.

making way from the kindling surges, i rode on a bridlepath

much wondering to see upon all hands, of wattles and woodwork made,

your bell-mounted churches, and guardless the sacred cairn and the rath,

and a small and a feeble populace stooping with mattock and spade,

or weeding or ploughing with faces a-shining with much-toil wet;

while in this place and that place, with bodies unglorious, their chieftains stood,

awaiting in patience the straw-death, croziered one, caught in your net:

went the laughter of scorn from my mouth like the roaring of wind in a wood.

and because i went by them so huge and so speedy with eyes so bright,

came after the hard gaze of youth, or an old man lifted his head:

and i rode and i rode, and i cried out, ‘the fenians hunt wolves in the night,

so sleep thee by daytime.’ a voice cried, ‘the fenians a long time are dead.’ a whitebeard stood hushed on the pathway, the flesh of his face as dried grass,

and in folds round his eyes and his mouth, he sad as a child without milk;

and the dreams of the islands were gone, and i knew how men sorrow and pass,

and their hound, and their horse, and their love, and their eyes that glimmer like silk.

and wrapping my face in my hair, i murmured, ‘in old age they ceased’;

and my tears were larger than berries, and i murmured, ‘where white clouds lie spread

on crevroe or broad knockfefin, with many of old they feast

on the floors of the gods.’ he cried, ‘no, the gods a long time are dead.’

and lonely and longing for niamh, i shivered and turned me about,

the heart in me longing to leap like a grasshopper into her heart;

i turned and rode to the westward, and followed the sea’s old shout

till i saw where maeve lies sleeping till starlight and midnight part.

and there at the foot of the mountain, two carried a sack full of sand,

they bore it with staggering and sweating, but fell with their burden at length.

leaning down from the gem-studded saddle, i hung it five yards with my hand,

with a sob for men waxing so weakly, a sob for the fenians’ old strength.

the rest you have heard of, o croziered man; how, when divided the girth,

i fell on the path, and the horse went away like a summer fly; and my years three hundred fell on me, and i rose, and walked on the earth,

a creeping old man, full of sleep, with the spittle on his beard never dry.

how the men of the sand-sack showed me a church with its belfry in air;

sorry place, where for swing of the war-axe in my dim eyes the crozier gleams;

what place have caoilte and conan, and bran, sceolan, lomair?

speak, you too are old with your memories, an old man surrounded with dreams.

s. patrick. where the flesh of the footsole clingeth on the burning stones is their place;

where the demons whip them with wires on the burning stones of wide hell,

watching the blessed ones move far off, and the smile on god’s face,

between them a gateway of brass, and the howl of the angels who fell.

oisin. put the staff in my hands; for i go to the fenians, o cleric, to chaunt

the war-songs that roused them of old; they will rise, making clouds with their breath,

innumerable, singing, exultant; the clay underneath them shall pant,

and demons be broken in pieces, and trampled beneath them in death.

and demons afraid in their darkness; deep horror of eyes and of wings,

afraid, their ears on the earth laid, shall listen and rise up and weep;

hearing the shaking of shields and the quiver of stretched bowstrings,

hearing hell loud with a murmur, as shouting and mocking we sweep. we will tear out the flaming stones, and batter the gateway of brass

and enter, and none sayeth ‘no’ when there enters the 210 strongly armed guest;

make clean as a broom cleans, and march on as oxen move over young grass;

then feast, making converse of wars, and of old wounds, and turn to our rest.

s. patrick. on the flaming stones, without refuge, the limbs of the fenians are tost;

none war on the masters of hell, who could break up the world in their rage;

but kneel and wear out the flags and pray for your soul that is lost

through the demon love of its youth and its godless and passionate age.

oisin. ah me! to be shaken with coughing and broken with old age and pain,

without laughter, a show unto children, alone with remembrance and fear;

all emptied of purple hours as a beggar’s cloak in the rain,

as a hay-cock out on the flood, or a wolf sucked under a weir.

it were sad to gaze on the blessed and no man i loved of old there;

i throw down the chain of small stones! when life in my body has ceased,

i will go to caoilte, and conan, and bran, sceolan, lomair,

and dwell in the house of the fenians, be they in flames or at feast.

the old age of queen maeve 1903





376

the old age of queen maeve


a certain poet in outlandish clothes

gathered a crowd in some byzantine lane,

talked of his country and its people, sang

to some stringed instrument none there had seen,

a wall behind his back, over his head

a latticed window. his glance went up at times

as though one listened there, and his voice sank

or let its meaning mix into the strings.

maeve the great queen was pacing to and fro,

between the walls covered with beaten bronze,

in her high house at cruachan*; the long hearth,

flickering with ash and hazel, but half showed

where the tired horse-boys lay upon the rushes,

or on the benches underneath the walls,

in comfortable sleep; all living slept

but that great queen, who more than half the night

had paced from door to fire and fire to door.

though now in her old age, in her young age

she had been beautiful in that old way

that’s all but gone; for the proud heart is gone,

and the fool heart of the counting-house fears all

but soft beauty and indolent desire.

she could have called over the rim of the world

whatever woman’s lover had hit her fancy,

and yet had been great-bodied and great-limbed,

fashioned to be the mother of strong children;

and she’d had lucky eyes and a high heart,

and wisdom that caught fire like the dried flax,

at need, and made her beautiful and fierce,

sudden and laughing.

o unquiet heart,

why do you praise another, praising her,

as if there were no tale but your own tale

worth knitting to a measure of sweet sound?

have i not bid you tell of that great queen

who has been buried some two thousand years?

when night was at its deepest, a wild goose

cried from the porter’s lodge, and with long clamour

shook the ale-horns and shields upon their hooks;

but the horse-boys slept on, as though some power

had filled the house with druid heaviness;

and wondering who of the many-changing sidhe

had come as in the old times to counsel her,

maeve walked, yet with slow footfall, being old,

to that small chamber by the outer gate.

the porter slept, although he sat upright

with still and stony limbs and open eyes.

maeve waited, and when that ear-piercing noise

broke from his parted lips and broke again,

she laid a hand on either of his shoulders,

and shook him wide awake, and bid him say

who of the wandering many-changing ones

had troubled his sleep. but all he had to say

was that, the air being heavy and the dogs

more still than they had been for a good month,

he had fallen asleep, and, though he had dreamed nothing,

he could remember when he had had fine dreams.

it was before the time of the great war

over the white-horned bull and the brown bull.

she turned away; he turned again to sleep

that no god troubled now, and, wondering

what matters were afoot among the sidhe,

maeve walked through that great hall, and with a sigh

lifted the curtain of her sleeping-room,

remembering that she too had seemed divine

to many thousand eyes, and to her own one that the generations had long waited

that work too difficult for mortal hands

might be accomplished. bunching the curtain up

she saw her husband ailell sleeping there,

and thought of days when he’d had a straight body,

and of that famous fergus, nessa’s husband,

who had been the lover of her middle life.

suddenly ailell spoke out of his sleep,

and not with his own voice or a man’s voice,

but with the burning, live, unshaken voice

of those that, it may be, can never age.

he said, ‘high queen of cruachan and magh ai,

a king of the great plain would speak with you.’

and with glad voice maeve answered him, ‘what king

of the far-wandering shadows has come to me,

as in the old days when they would come and go

about my threshold to counsel and to help?’

the parted lips replied, ‘i seek your help,

for i am aengus, and i am crossed in love.’

‘how may a mortal whose life gutters out

help them that wander with hand clasping hand,

their haughty images that cannot wither,

for all their beauty’s like a hollow dream,

mirrored in streams that neither hail nor rain

nor the cold north has troubled?’

he replied,

‘i am from those rivers and i bid you call

the children of the maines out of sleep,

and set them digging under bual’s hill.

we shadows, while they uproot his earthy house,

will overthrow his shadows and carry off

caer, his blue-eyed daughter that i love.

i helped your fathers when they built these walls,

and i would have your help in my great need,

queen of high cruachan.’

‘i obey your will

with speedy feet and a most thankful heart: for you have been, o aengus of the birds,

our giver of good counsel and good luck.’

and with a groan, as if the mortal breath

could but awaken sadly upon lips

that happier breath had moved, her husband turned

face downward, tossing in a troubled sleep;

but maeve, and not with a slow feeble foot,

came to the threshold of the painted house

where her grandchildren slept, and cried aloud,

until the pillared dark began to stir

with shouting and the clang of unhooked arms.

she told them of the many-changing ones;

and all that night, and all through the next day

to middle night, they dug into the hill.

at middle night great cats with silver claws,

bodies of shadow and blind eyes like pearls,

came up out of the hole, and red-eared hounds

with long white bodies came out of the air

suddenly, and ran at them and harried them.

the maines’ children dropped their spades, and stood

with quaking joints and terror-stricken faces,

till maeve called out, ‘these are but common men.

the maines’ children have not dropped their spades

because earth, crazy for its broken power,

casts up a show and the winds answer it

with holy shadows.’ her high heart was glad,

and when the uproar ran along the grass

she followed with light footfall in the midst,

till it died out where an old thorn-tree stood.

friend of these many years, you too had stood

with equal courage in that whirling rout;

for you, although you’ve not her wandering heart,

have all that greatness, and not hers alone.

for there is no high story about queens

in any ancient book but tells of you;

and when i’ve heard how they grew old and died, or fell into unhappiness, i’ve said,

‘she will grow old and die, and she has wept!’

and when i’d write it out anew, the words,

half crazy with the thought, she too has wept!

outrun the measure.

i’d tell of that great queen

who stood amid a silence by the thorn

until two lovers came out of the air

with bodies made out of soft fire. the one,

about whose face birds wagged their fiery wings,

said, ‘aengus and his sweetheart give their thanks

to maeve and to maeve’s household, owing all

in owing them the bride-bed that gives peace.’

then maeve: ‘o aengus, master of all lovers,

a thousand years ago you held high talk

with the first kings of many-pillared cruachan.

o when will you grow weary?’

they had vanished;

but out of the dark air over her head there came

a murmur of soft words and meeting lips.

*

pronounced in modern gaelic as if spelt ‘crockan.’

baile and aillinn 1903





377

baile and aillinn


argument. baile and aillinn were lovers, but aengus, the master of love, wishing them to be happy in his own land among the dead, told to each a story of the other’s death, so that their hearts were broken and they died.

i hardly hear the curlew cry,

nor the grey rush when the wind is high,

before my thoughts begin to run

on the heir of ulad, buan’s son,

baile, who had the honey mouth;

and that mild woman of the south,

aillinn, who was king lugaid’s heir.

their love was never drowned in care

of this or that thing, nor grew cold

because their bodies had grown old.

being forbid to marry on earth;

they blossomed to immortal mirth.

about the time when christ was born,

when the long wars for the white horn

and the brown bull had not yet come,

young baile honey-mouth, whom some

called rather baile little-land,

rode out of emain with a band

of harpers and young men; and they

imagined, as they struck the way

to many-pastured muirthemne,

that all things fell out happily,

and there, for all that fools had said,

baile and aillinn would be wed.

they found an old man running there:

he had ragged long grass-coloured hair;

he had knees that stuck out of his hose; he had puddle-water in his shoes;

he had half a cloak to keep him dry,

although he had a squirrel’s eye.

o wandering birds and rushy beds,

you put such folly in our heads

with all this crying in the wind;

no common love is to our mind,

and our poor kate or nan is less

than any whose unhappiness

awoke the harp-strings long ago.

yet they that know all things but know

that all this life can give us is

a child’s laughter, a woman’s kiss.

who was it put so great a scorn

in the grey reeds that night and morn

are trodden and broken by the herds,

and in the light bodies of birds

the north wind tumbles to and fro

and pinches among hail and snow?

that runner said: ‘i am from the south;

i run to baile honey-mouth,

to tell him how the girl aillinn

rode from the country of her kin,

and old and young men rode with her:

for all that country had been astir

if anybody half as fair

had chosen a husband anywhere

but where it could see her every day.

when they had ridden a little way

an old man caught the horse’s head

with: “you must home again, and wed

with somebody in your own land.”

a young man cried and kissed her hand,

“o lady, wed with one of us”;

and when no face grew piteous

for any gentle thing she spake,

she fell and died of the heart-break.’ because a lover’s heart’s worn out,

being tumbled and blown about

by its own blind imagining,

and will believe that anything

that is bad enough to be true, is true,

baile’s heart was broken in two;

and he, being laid upon green boughs,

was carried to the goodly house

where the hound of ulad sat before

the brazen pillars of his door,

his face bowed low to weep the end

of the harper’s daughter and her friend.

for although years had passed away

he always wept them on that day,

for on that day they had been betrayed;

and now that honey-mouth is laid

under a cairn of sleepy stone

before his eyes, he has tears for none,

although he is carrying stone, but two

for whom the cairn’s but heaped anew.

we hold, because our memory is

so full of that thing and of this,

that out of sight is out of mind.

but the grey rush under the wind

and the grey bird with crooked bill

have such long memories that they still

remember deirdre and her man;

and when we walk with kate or nan

about the windy water-side,

our hearts can hear the voices chide.

how could we be so soon content,

who know the way that naoise went?

and they have news of deirdre’s eyes,

who being lovely was so wise—ah!

wise, my heart knows well how wise.

now had that old gaunt crafty one,

gathering his cloak about him, run where aillinn rode with waiting-maids,

who amid leafy lights and shades

dreamed of the hands that would unlace

their bodices in some dim place

when they had come to the marriage-bed;

and harpers, pacing with high head

as though their music were enough

to make the savage heart of love

grow gentle without sorrowing,

imagining and pondering

heaven knows what calamity;

‘another’s hurried off,’ cried he,

‘from heat and cold and wind and wave;

they have heaped the stones above his grave

in muirthemne, and over it

in changeless ogham letters writ—baile,

that was of rury’s seed.

but the gods long ago decreed

no waiting-maid should ever spread

baile and aillinn’s marriage-bed,

for they should clip and clip again

where wild bees hive on the great plain.

therefore it is but little news

that put this hurry in my shoes.’

then seeing that he scarce had spoke

before her love-worn heart had broke,

he ran and laughed until he came

to that high hill the herdsmen name

the hill seat of leighin, because

some god or king had made the laws

that held the land together there,

in old times among the clouds of the air.

that old man climbed; the day grew dim;

two swans came flying up to him,

linked by a gold chain each to each,

and with low murmuring laughing speech alighted on the windy grass.

they knew him: his changed body was

tall, proud and ruddy, and light wings

were hovering over the harp-strings

that edain, midhir’s wife, had wove

in the hid place, being crazed by love.

what shall i call them? fish that swim,

scale rubbing scale where light is dim

by a broad water-lily leaf;

or mice in the one wheaten sheaf

forgotten at the threshing-place;

or birds lost in the one clear space

of morning light in a dim sky;

or, it may be, the eyelids of one eye,

or the door-pillars of one house,

or two sweet blossoming apple-boughs

that have one shadow on the ground;

or the two strings that made one sound

where that wise harper’s fingers ran.

for this young girl and this young man

have happiness without an end,

because they have made so good a friend.

they know all wonders, for they pass

the towery gates of gorias,

and findrias and falias,

and long-forgotten murias,

among the giant kings whose hoard,

cauldron and spear and stone and sword,

was robbed before earth gave the wheat;

wandering from broken street to street

they come where some huge watcher is,

and tremble with their love and kiss.

they know undying things, for they

wander where earth withers away,

though nothing troubles the great streams

but light from the pale stars, and gleams from the holy orchards, where there is none

but fruit that is of precious stone,

or apples of the sun and moon.

what were our praise to them? they eat

quiet’s wild heart, like daily meat;

who when night thickens are afloat

on dappled skins in a glass boat,

far out under a windless sky;

while over them birds of aengus fly,

and over the tiller and the prow,

and waving white wings to and fro

awaken wanderings of light air

to stir their coverlet and their hair.

and poets found, old writers say,

a yew tree where his body lay;

but a wild apple hid the grass

with its sweet blossom where hers was;

and being in good heart, because

a better time had come again

after the deaths of many men,

and that long fighting at the ford,

they wrote on tablets of thin board,

made of the apple and the yew,

all the love stories that they knew.

let rush and bird cry out their fill

of the harper’s daughter if they will,

beloved, i am not afraid of her.

she is not wiser nor lovelier,

and you are more high of heart than she,

for all her wanderings over-sea;

but i’d have bird and rush forget

those other two; for never yet

has lover lived, but longed to wive

like them that are no more alive.





the shadowy waters 1906

to lady gregory





378




i walked among the seven woods of coole,

shan-walla, where a willow-bordered pond

gathers the wild duck from the winter dawn;

shady kyle-dortha; sunnier kyle-na-no,

where many hundred squirrels are as happy

as though they had been hidden by green boughs

where old age cannot find them; pairc-na-lee,

where hazel and ash and privet blind the paths;

dim pairc-na-carraig, where the wild bees fling

their sudden fragrances on the green air;

dim pairc-na-tarav, where enchanted eyes

have seen immortal, mild, proud shadows walk;

dim inchy wood, that hides badger and fox

and marten-cat, and borders that old wood

wise biddy early called the wicked wood:

seven odours, seven murmurs, seven woods.

i had not eyes like those enchanted eyes,

yet dreamed that beings happier than men

moved round me in the shadows, and at night

my dreams were cloven by voices and by fires;

and the images i have woven in this story

of forgael and dectora and the empty waters

moved round me in the voices and the fires,

and more i may not write of, for they that cleave

the waters of sleep can make a chattering tongue

heavy like stone, their wisdom being half silence.

how shall i name you, immortal, mild, proud shadows?

i only know that all we know comes from you,

and that you come from eden on flying feet.

is eden far away, or do you hide

from human thought, as hares and mice and coneys

that run before the reaping-hook and lie

in the last ridge of the barley? do our woods and winds and ponds cover more quiet woods,

more shining winds, more star-glimmering ponds?

is eden out of time and out of space?

and do you gather about us when pale light

shining on water and fallen among leaves,

and winds blowing from flowers, and whirr of feathers

and the green quiet, have uplifted the heart?

i have made this poem for you, that men may read it

before they read of forgael and dectora,

as men in the old times, before the harps began,

poured out wine for the high invisible ones.

september 1900





379

the harp of aengus


edain came out of midhir’s hill, and lay

beside young aengus in his tower of glass,

where time is drowned in odour-laden winds

and druid moons, and murmuring of boughs,

and sleepy boughs, and boughs where apples made

of opal and ruby and pale chrysolite

awake unsleeping fires; and wove seven strings,

sweet with all music, out of his long hair,

because her hands had been made wild by love.

when midhir’s wife had changed her to a fly,

he made a harp with druid apple-wood

that she among her winds might know he wept;

and from that hour he has watched over none

but faithful lovers.

persons in the poem

forgael

aibric

sailors

dectora





380

the shadowy waters


a dramatic poem

the deck of an ancient ship. at the right of the stage is the mast, with a large square sail hiding a great deal of the sky and sea on that side. the tiller is at the left of the stage; it is a long oar coming through an opening in the bulwark. the deck rises in a series of steps behind the tiller, and the stern of the ship curves overhead. when the play opens there are four persons upon the deck. aibric stands by the tiller. forgael sleeps upon the raised portion of the deck towards the front of the stage. two sailors are standing near to the mast, on which a harp is hanging.

first sailor. has he not led us into these waste seas

for long enough?

second sailor. aye, long and long enough.

first sailor. we have not come upon a shore or ship

these dozen weeks.

second sailor. and i had thought to make

a good round sum upon this cruise, and turn—for

i am getting on in life—to something

that has less ups and downs than robbery.

first sailor. i am so tired of being a bachelor

i could give all my heart to that red moll

that had but the one eye.

second sailor. can no bewitchment

transform these rascal billows into women

that i may drown myself?

first sailor. better steer home,

whether he will or no; and better still

to take him while he sleeps and carry him

and drop him from the gunnel.

second sailor. i dare not do it.

were’t not that there is magic in his harp,

i would be of your mind; but when he plays it

strange creatures flutter up before one’s eyes,

or cry about one’s ears.

first sailor. nothing to fear.

second sailor. do you remember when we sank that galley

at the full moon?

first sailor. he played all through the night.

second sailor. until the moon had set; and when i looked

where the dead drifted, i could see a bird

like a grey gull upon the breast of each.

while i was looking they rose hurriedly,

and after circling with strange cries awhile

flew westward; and many a time since then

i’ve heard a rustling overhead in the wind.

first sailor. i saw them on that night as well as you.

but when i had eaten and drunk myself asleep

my courage came again.

second sailor. but that’s not all.

the other night, while he was playing it,

a beautiful young man and girl came up

in a white breaking wave; they had the look

of those that are alive for ever and ever.

first sailor. i saw them, too, one night. forgael was playing,

and they were listening there beyond the sail.

he could not see them, but i held out my hands

to grasp the woman.

second sailor. you have dared to touch her?

first sailor. o she was but a shadow, and slipped from me.

second sailor. but were you not afraid?

first sailor. why should i fear?

second sailor. ’twas aengus and edain, the wandering lovers,

to whom all lovers pray.

first sailor. but what of that?

a shadow does not carry sword or spear.

second sailor. my mother told me that there is not one

of the ever-living half so dangerous

as that wild aengus. long before her day

he carried edain off from a king’s house,

and hid her among fruits of jewel-stone

and in a tower of glass, and from that day

has hated every man that’s not in love,

and has been dangerous to him.

first sailor. i have heard

he does not hate seafarers as he hates

peaceable men that shut the wind away,

and keep to the one weary marriage-bed.

second sailor. i think that he has forgael in his net,

and drags him through the sea.

first sailor. well, net or none,

i’d drown him while we have the chance to do it.

second sailor. it’s certain i’d sleep easier o’ nights

if he were dead; but who will be our captain,

judge of the stars, and find a course for us?

first sailor. i’ve thought of that. we must have aibric with us,

for he can judge the stars as well as forgael.

[going towards aibric.]

become our captain, aibric. i am resolved

to make an end of forgael while he sleeps.

there’s not a man but will be glad of it

when it is over, nor one to grumble at us.

aibric. you have taken pay and made your bargain for it.

first sailor. what good is there in this hard way of living,

unless we drain more flagons in a year

and kiss more lips than lasting peaceable men

in their long lives? will you be of our troop

and take the captain’s share of everything

and bring us into populous seas again?

aibric. be of your troop! aibric be one of you

and forgael in the other scale! kill forgael,

and he my master from my childhood up!

if you will draw that sword out of its scabbard

i’ll give my answer.

first sailor. you have awakened him.

[to second sailor.]

we’d better go, for we have lost this chance.

[they go out.]

forgael. have the birds passed us? i could hear your voice,

but there were others.

aibric. i have seen nothing pass.

forgael. you’re certain of it? i never wake from sleep

but that i am afraid they may have passed,

for they’re my only pilots. if i lost them

straying too far into the north or south,

i’d never come upon the happiness

that has been promised me. i have not seen them

these many days; and yet there must be many

dying at every moment in the world,

and flying towards their peace.

aibric. put by these thoughts,

and listen to me for a while. the sailors

are plotting for your death.

forgael. have i not given

more riches than they ever hoped to find?

and now they will not follow, while i seek

the only riches that have hit my fancy.

aibric. what riches can you find in this waste sea

where no ship sails, where nothing that’s alive

has ever come but those man-headed birds,

knowing it for the world’s end?

forgael. where the world ends

the mind is made unchanging, for it finds

miracle, ecstasy, the impossible hope,

the flagstone under all, the fire of fires,

the roots of the world.

aibric. shadows before now

have driven travellers mad for their own sport.

forgael. do you, too, doubt me? have you joined their plot?

aibric. no, no, do not say that. you know right well

that i will never lift a hand against you.

forgael. why should you be more faithful than the rest,

being as doubtful?

aibric. i have called you master

too many years to lift a hand against you.

forgael. maybe it is but natural to doubt me.

you’ve never known, i’d lay a wager on it,

a melancholy that a cup of wine,

a lucky battle, or a woman’s kiss

could not amend.

aibric. i have good spirits enough.

forgael. if you will give me all your mind awhile— all,

all, the very bottom of the bowl—i’ll

show you that i am made differently,

that nothing can amend it but these waters,

where i am rid of life—the events of the world—what

do you call it?—that old promise-breaker,

the cozening fortune-teller that comes whispering,

‘you will have all you have wished for when you have earned land for your children or money in a pot.’

and when we have it we are no happier,

because of that old draught under the door,

or creaky shoes. and at the end of all

how are we better off than seaghan the fool,

that never did a hand’s turn? aibric! aibric!

we have fallen in the dreams the ever-living

breathe on the burnished mirror of the world

and then smooth out with ivory hands and sigh,

and find their laughter sweeter to the taste

for that brief sighing.

aibric. if you had loved some woman—

forgael. you say that also? you have heard the voices,

for that is what they say—all, all the shadows—aengus

and edain, those passionate wanderers,

and all the others; but it must be love

as they have known it. now the secret’s out;

for it is love that i am seeking for,

but of a beautiful, unheard-of kind

that is not in the world.

aibric. and yet the world

has beautiful women to please every man.

forgael. but he that gets their love after the fashion

loves in brief longing and deceiving hope

and bodily tenderness, and finds that even

the bed of love, that in the imagination

had seemed to be the giver of all peace,

is no more than a wine-cup in the tasting,

and as soon finished.

aibric. all that ever loved

have loved that way—there is no other way.

forgael. yet never have two lovers kissed but they

believed there was some other near at hand,

and almost wept because they could not find it.

aibric. when they have twenty years; in middle life

they take a kiss for what a kiss is worth,

and let the dream go by.

forgael. it’s not a dream,

but the reality that makes our passion

as a lamp shadow—no—no lamp, the sun.

what the world’s million lips are thirsting for

must be substantial somewhere.

aibric. i have heard the druids

mutter such things as they awake from trance.

it may be that the ever-living know it—

no mortal can.

forgael. yes; if they give us help.

aibric. they are besotting you as they besot

the crazy herdsman that will tell his fellows

that he has been all night upon the hills,

riding to hurley, or in the battle-host

with the ever-living.

forgael. what if he speak the truth,

and for a dozen hours have been a part

of that more powerful life?

aibric. his wife knows better.

has she not seen him lying like a log,

or fumbling in a dream about the house?

and if she hear him mutter of wild riders,

she knows that it was but the cart-horse coughing

that set him to the fancy.

forgael. all would be well

could we but give us wholly to the dreams,

and get into their world that to the sense

is shadow, and not linger wretchedly

among substantial things; for it is dreams

that lift us to the flowing, changing world

that the heart longs for. what is love itself,

even though it be the lightest of light love, but dreams that hurry from beyond the world

to make low laughter more than meat and drink,

though it but set us sighing? fellow-wanderer,

could we but mix ourselves into a dream,

not in its image on the mirror!

aibric. while

we’re in the body that’s impossible.

forgael. and yet i cannot think they’re leading me

to death; for they that promised to me love

as those that can outlive the moon have known it,

had the world’s total life gathered up, it seemed,

into their shining limbs—i’ve had great teachers.

aengus and edain ran up out of the wave—you’d

never doubt that it was life they promised

had you looked on them face to face as i did,

with so red lips, and running on such feet,

and having such wide-open, shining eyes.

aibric. it’s certain they are leading you to death.

none but the dead, or those that never lived,

can know that ecstasy. forgael! forgael!

they have made you follow the man-headed birds,

and you have told me that their journey lies

towards the country of the dead.

forgael. what matter

if i am going to my death?—for there,

or somewhere, i shall find the love they have promised.

that much is certain. i shall find a woman,

one of the ever-living, as i think—one

of the laughing people—and she and i

shall light upon a place in the world’s core,

where passion grows to be a changeless thing,

like charmed apples made of chrysoprase,

or chrysoberyl, or beryl, or chrysolite;

and there, in juggleries of sight and sense, become one movement, energy, delight,

until the overburthened moon is dead.

[a number of sailors enter hurriedly.]

first sailor. look there! there in the mist! a ship of spice!

and we are almost on her!

second sailor. we had not known

but for the ambergris and sandalwood.

first sailor. no; but opoponax and cinnamon.

forgael [taking the tiller from aibric]. the ever-living have kept my bargain for me,

and paid you on the nail.

aibric. take up that rope

to make her fast while we are plundering her.

first sailor. there is a king and queen upon her deck,

and where there is one woman there’ll be others.

aibric. speak lower, or they’ll hear.

first sailor. they cannot hear;

they are too busy with each other. look!

he has stooped down and kissed her on the lips.

second sailor. when she finds out we have better men aboard

she may not be too sorry in the end.

first sailor. she will be like a wild cat; for these queens

care more about the kegs of silver and gold

and the high fame that come to them in marriage,

than a strong body and a ready hand.

second sailor. there’s nobody is natural but a robber,

and that is why the world totters about

upon its bandy legs.

aibric. run at them now,

and overpower the crew while yet asleep!

[the sailors go out.]

[voices and the clashing of swords are heard from the other ship, which cannot be seen because of the sail.]

a voice. armed men have come upon us! o i am slain!

another voice. wake all below!

another voice. why have you broken our sleep?

first voice. armed men have come upon us! o i am slain!

forgael [who has remained at the tiller]. there! there they come! gull, gannet, or diver,

but with a man’s head, or a fair woman’s,

they hover over the masthead awhile

to wait their friends; but when their friends have come

they’ll fly upon that secret way of theirs.

one—and one—a couple—five together;

and i will hear them talking in a minute.

yes, voices! but i do not catch the words.

now i can hear. there’s one of them that says,

‘how light we are, now we are changed to birds!’

another answers, ‘maybe we shall find

our heart’s desire now that we are so light.’

and then one asks another how he died,

and says, ‘sword-blade pierced me in my sleep.’

and now they all wheel suddenly and fly

to the other side, and higher in the air.

and now a laggard with a woman’s head

comes crying, ‘i have run upon the sword.

i have fled to my beloved in the air,

in the waste of the high air, that we may wander

among the windy meadows of the dawn.’

but why are they still waiting? why are they

circling and circling over the masthead?

what power that is more mighty than desire

to hurry to their hidden happiness

withholds them now? have the ever-living ones

a meaning in that circling overhead?

but what’s the meaning? [he cries out.] why do you linger there? why linger? run to your desire,

are you not happy winged bodies now?

[his voice sinks again.]

being too busy in the air and the high air,

they cannot hear my voice; but what’s the meaning?

[the sailors have returned. dectora is with them.]

forgael [turning and seeing her]. why are you standing with your eyes upon me?

you are not the world’s core. o no, no, no!

that cannot be the meaning of the birds.

you are not its core. my teeth are in the world,

but have not bitten yet.

dectora. i am a queen,

and ask for satisfaction upon these

who have slain my husband and laid hands upon me.

[breaking loose from the sailors who are holding her.]

let go my hands!

forgael. why do you cast a shadow?

where do you come from? who brought you to this place?

they would not send me one that casts a shadow.

dectora. would that the storm that overthrew my ships,

and drowned the treasures of nine conquered nations,

and blew me hither to my lasting sorrow,

had drowned me also. but, being yet alive,

i ask a fitting punishment for all

that raised their hands against him.

forgael. there are some

that weigh and measure all in these waste seas—they

that have all the wisdom that’s in life,

and all that prophesying images

made of dim gold rave out in secret tombs;

they have it that the plans of kings and queens

are dust on the moth’s wing; that nothing matters

but laughter and tears—laughter, laughter, and tears; that every man should carry his own soul

upon his shoulders.

dectora. you’ve nothing but wild words.

and i would know if you will give me vengeance.

forgael. when she finds out i will not let her go—when

she knows that.

dectora. what is it that you are muttering— that you’ll not let me go? i am a queen.

forgael. although you are more beautiful than any,

i almost long that it were possible;

but if i were to put you on that ship,

with sailors that were sworn to do your will,

and you had spread a sail for home, a wind

would rise of a sudden, or a wave so huge,

it had washed among the stars and put them out,

and beat the bulwark of your ship on mine,

until you stood before me on the deck—as

now.

dectora. does wandering in these desolate seas

and listening to the cry of wind and wave

bring madness?

forgael. queen, i am not mad.

dectora. yet say

that unimaginable storms of wind and wave

would rise against me.

forgael. no, i am not mad—if

it be not that hearing messages

from lasting watchers, that outlive the moon,

at the most quiet midnight is to be stricken.

dectora. and did those watchers bid you take me captive?

forgael. both you and i are taken in the net.

it was their hands that plucked the winds awake

and blew you hither; and their mouths have promised i shall have love in their immortal fashion;

and for this end they gave me my old harp

that is more mighty than the sun and moon,

or than the shivering casting-net of the stars,

that none might take you from me.

dectora [first trembling back from the mast where the harp is and then laughing]. for a moment

your raving of a message and a harp

more mighty than the stars half troubled me,

but all that’s raving. who is there can compel

the daughter and the granddaughter of kings

to be his bedfellow?

forgael. until your lips

have called me their beloved, i’ll not kiss them.

dectora. my husband and my king died at my feet,

and yet you talk of love.

forgael. the movement of time is shaken in these seas, and what one does

one moment has no might upon the moment

that follows after.

dectora. i understand you now.

you have a druid craft of wicked sound

wrung from the cold women of the sea—a

magic that can call a demon up,

until my body give you kiss for kiss.

forgael. your soul shall give the kiss.

dectora. i am not afraid,

while there’s a rope to run into a noose

or wave to drown. but i have done with words,

and i would have you look into my face

and know that it is fearless.

forgael. do what you will,

for neither i nor you can break a mesh

of the great golden net that is about us.

dectora. there’s nothing in the world that’s worth a fear.

[she passes forgael and stands for a moment looking into his face.]

i have good reason for that thought.

[she runs suddenly on to the raised part of the poop.]

and now

i can put fear away as a queen should.

[she mounts on to the bulwark and turns towards forgael.]

fool, fool! although you have looked into my face

you do not see my purpose. i shall have gone

before a hand can touch me.

forgael [folding his arms]. my hands are still;

the ever-living hold us. do what you will,

you cannot leap out of the golden net.

first sailor. no need to drown, for, if you will pardon us

and measure out a course and bring us home.

we’ll put this man to death.

dectora. i promise it.

first sailor. there is none to take his side.

aibric. i am on his side.

i’ll strike a blow for him to give him time

to cast his dreams away.

[aibric goes in front of forgael with drawn sword. forgael takes the harp.]

first sailor. no other ’ll do it.

[the sailors throw aibric on one side. he falls and lies upon the deck. they lift their swords to strike forgael, who is about to play the harp. the stage begins to darken. the sailors hesitate in fear.]

second sailor. he has put a sudden darkness over the moon.

dectora. nine swords with handles of rhinoceros horn

to him that strikes him first!

first sailor. i will strike him first.

[he goes close up to forgael with his sword lifted.] [shrinking back.] he has caught the crescent moon 370 out of the sky,

and carries it between us.

second sailor. holy fire

to burn us to the marrow if we strike.

dectora. i’ll give a golden galley full of fruit,

that has the heady flavour of new wine,

to him that wounds him to the death.

first sailor. i’ll do it.

for all his spells will vanish when he dies,

having their life in him.

second sailor. though it be the moon

that he is holding up between us there,

i will strike at him.

the others. and i! and i! and i!

[forgael plays the harp.]

first sailor [falling into a dream suddenly]. but you were saying there is somebody

upon that other ship we are to wake.

you did not know what brought him to his end,

but it was sudden.

second sailor. you are in the right;

i had forgotten that we must go wake him.

dectora. he has flung a druid spell upon the air,

and set you dreaming.

second sailor. how can we have a wake

when we have neither brown nor yellow ale?

first sailor. i saw a flagon of brown ale aboard her.

third sailor. how can we raise the keen that do not know

what name to call him by?

first sailor. come to his ship.

his name will come into our thoughts in a minute. i know that he died a thousand years ago,

and has not yet been waked.

second sailor [beginning to keen]. ohone! o! o! o!

the yew-bough has been broken into two,

and all the birds are scattered.

all the sailors. o! o! o! o!

[they go out keening.]

dectora. protect me now, gods that my people swear by.

[aibric has risen from the deck where he had fallen. he has begun looking for his sword as if in a dream.]

aibric. where is my sword that fell out of my hand

when i first heard the news? ah, there it is!

[he goes dreamily towards the sword, but dectora runs at it and takes it up before he can reach it.]

aibric [sleepily]. queen, give it me.

dectora. no, i have need of it.

aibric. why do you need a sword? but you may keep it.

now that he’s dead i have no need of it,

for everything is gone.

a sailor [calling from the other ship]. come hither, aibric,

and tell me who it is that we are waking.

aibric [half to dectora, half to himself]. what name had that dead king? arthur of britain?

no, no—not arthur. i remember now.

it was golden-armed iollan, and he died

broken-hearted, having lost his queen

through wicked spells. that is not all the tale,

for he was killed. o! o! o! o! o! o!

for golden-armed iollan has been killed.

[he goes out.] while he has been speaking, and through part of what follows one hears the wailing of the sailors from the other ship. dectora stands with the sword lifted in front of forgael.]

dectora. i will end all your magic on the instant.

[her voice becomes dreamy, and she lowers the sword slowly, and finally lets it fall. she spreads out her hair. she takes off her crown and lays it upon the deck.]

this sword is to lie beside him in the grave.

it was in all his battles. i will spread my hair,

and wring my hands, and wail him bitterly,

for i have heard that he was proud and laughing,

blue-eyed, and a quick runner on bare feet,

and that he died a thousand years ago.

o! o! o! o!

[forgael changes the tune.]

but no, that is not it.

i knew him well, and while i heard him laughing

they killed him at my feet. o! o! o! o!

for golden-armed iollan that i loved.

but what is it that made me say i loved him?

it was that harper put it in my thoughts,

but it is true. why did they run upon him,

and beat the golden helmet with their swords?

forgael. do you not know me, lady? i am he

that you are weeping for.

dectora. no, for he is dead.

o! o! o! o! for golden-armed iollan.

forgael. it was so given out, but i will prove

that the grave-diggers in a dreamy frenzy

have buried nothing but my golden arms.

listen to that low-laughing string of the moon

and you will recollect my face and voice,

for you have listened to me playing it

these thousand years.

[he starts up, listening to the birds. the harp slips from his hands, and remains leaning against the bulwarks behind him.]

what are the birds at there?

why are they all a-flutter of a sudden? what are you calling out above the mast?

if railing and reproach and mockery

because i have awakened her to love

by magic strings, i’ll make this answer to it:

being driven on by voices and by dreams

that were clear messages from the ever-living,

i have done right. what could i but obey?

and yet you make a clamour of reproach.

dectora [laughing]. why, it’s a wonder out of reckoning

that i should keen him from the full of the moon

to the horn, and he be hale and hearty.

forgael. how have i wronged her now that she is merry?

but no, no, no! your cry is not against me.

you know the counsels of the ever-living,

and all that tossing of your wings is joy,

and all that murmuring’s but a marriage-song;

but if it be reproach, i answer this:

there is not one among you that made love

by any other means. you call it passion,

consideration, generosity;

but it was all deceit, and flattery

to win a woman in her own despite,

for love is war, and there is hatred in it;

and if you say that she came willingly—

dectora. why do you turn away and hide your face,

that i would look upon for ever?

forgael. my grief!

dectora. have i not loved you for a thousand years?

forgael. i never have been golden-armed iollan.

dectora. i do not understand. i know your face

better than my own hands.

forgael. i have deceived you

out of all reckoning.

dectora. is it not true that you were born a thousand years ago,

in islands where the children of aengus wind

in happy dances under a windy moon,

and that you’ll bring me there?

forgael. i have deceived you;

i have deceived you utterly.

dectora. how can that be?

is it that though your eyes are full of love

some other woman has a claim on you,

and i’ve but half?

forgael. o no!

dectora. and if there is,

if there be half a hundred more, what matter?

i’ll never give another thought to it;

no, no, nor half a thought; but do not speak.

women are hard and proud and stubborn-hearted,

their heads being turned with praise and flattery;

and that is why their lovers are afraid

to tell them a plain story.

forgael. that’s not the story;

but i have done so great a wrong against you,

there is no measure that it would not burst.

i will confess it all.

dectora. what do i care,

now that my body has begun to dream,

and you have grown to be a burning sod

in the imagination and intellect?

if something that’s most fabulous were true—if

you had taken me by magic spells,

and killed a lover or husband at my feet—i

would not let you speak, for i would know

that it was yesterday and not to-day

i loved him; i would cover up my ears,

as i am doing now. [a pause.] why do you weep?

forgael. i weep because i’ve nothing for your eyes

but desolate waters and a battered ship.

dectora. o why do you not lift your eyes to mine?

forgael. i weep—i weep because bare night’s above,

and not a roof of ivory and gold.

dectora. i would grow jealous of the ivory roof,

and strike the golden pillars with my hands.

i would that there was nothing in the world

but my beloved—that night and day had perished,

and all that is and all that is to be,

all that is not the meeting of our lips.

forgael. you turn away. why do you turn away?

am i to fear the waves, or is the moon

my enemy?

dectora. i looked upon the moon,

longing to knead and pull it into shape

that i might lay it on your head as a crown.

but now it is your thoughts that wander away,

for you are looking at the sea. do you not know

how great a wrong it is to let one’s thought

wander a moment when one is in love?

[he has moved away. she follows him. he is looking out over the sea, shading his eyes.]

why are you looking at the sea?

forgael. look there!

dectora. what is there but a troop of ash-grey birds

that fly into the west?

forgael. but listen, listen!

dectora. what is there but the crying of the birds?

forgael. if you’ll but listen closely to that crying

you’ll hear them calling out to one another

with human voices.

dectora. o, i can hear them now.

what are they? unto what country do they fly?

forgael. to unimaginable happiness.

they have been circling over our heads in the air,

but now that they have taken to the road

we have to follow, for they are our pilots;

and though they’re but the colour of grey ash,

they’re crying out, could you but hear their words,

‘there is a country at the end of the world

where no child’s born but to outlive the moon.’

[the sailors come in with aibric. they are in great excitement.]

first sailor. the hold is full of treasure.

second sailor. full to the hatches.

first sailor. treasure on treasure.

third sailor. boxes of precious spice.

first sailor. ivory images with amethyst eyes.

third sailor. dragons with eyes of ruby.

first sailor. the whole ship

flashes as if it were a net of herrings.

third sailor. let’s home; i’d give some rubies to a woman.

second sailor. there’s somebody i’d give the amethyst eyes to.

aibric [silencing them with a gesture]. we would return to our own country, forgael,

for we have found a treasure that’s so great

imagination cannot reckon it.

and having lit upon this woman there,

what more have you to look for on the seas?

forgael. i cannot—i am going on to the end.

as for this woman, i think she is coming with me.

aibric. the ever-living have made you mad; but no, it was this woman in her woman’s vengeance

that drove you to it, and i fool enough to fancy that she’d bring you home again.

’twas you that egged him to it, for you know

that he is being driven to his death.

dectora. that is not true, for he has promised me

an unimaginable happiness.

aibric. and if that happiness be more than dreams,

more than the froth, the feather, the dust-whirl,

the crazy nothing that i think it is,

it shall be in the country of the dead,

if there be such a country.

dectora. no, not there,

but in some island where the life of the world

leaps upward, as if all the streams o’ the world

had run into one fountain.

aibric. speak to him.

he knows that he is taking you to death;

speak—he will not deny it.

dectora. is that true?

forgael. i do not know for certain, but i know

that i have the best of pilots.

aibric. shadows, illusions,

that the shape-changers, the ever-laughing ones,

the immortal mockers have cast into his mind,

or called before his eyes.

dectora. o carry me

to some sure country, some familiar place.

have we not everything that life can give

in having one another?

forgael. how could i rest

if i refused the messengers and pilots

with all those sights and all that crying out?

dectora. but i will cover up your eyes and ears,

that you may never hear the cry of the birds,

or look upon them.

forgael. were they but lowlier

i’d do your will, but they are too high—too high.

dectora. being too high, their heady prophecies

but harry us with hopes that come to nothing,

because we are not proud, imperishable,

alone and winged.

forgael. our love shall be like theirs

when we have put their changeless image on.

dectora. i am a woman, i die at every breath.

aibric. let the birds scatter, for the tree is broken,

and there’s no help in words. [to the sailors.] to the other ship,

and i will follow you and cut the rope

when i have said farewell to this man here,

for neither i nor any living man

will look upon his face again.

[the sailors go out.]

forgael [to dectora]. go with him,

for he will shelter you and bring you home.

aibric [taking forgael’s hand]. i’ll do it for his sake.

dectora. no. take this sword

and cut the rope, for i go on with forgael.

aibric [half falling into the keen]. the yew-bough has been broken into two,

and all the birds are scattered—o! o! o!

farewell! farewell! [he goes out.]

dectora. the sword is in the rope—

the rope’s in two—it falls into the sea,

it whirls into the foam. o ancient worm,

dragon that loved the world and held us to it,

you are broken, you are broken. the world drifts away,

and i am left alone with my beloved,

who cannot put me from his sight for ever. we are alone for ever, and i laugh,

forgael, because you cannot put me from you.

the mist has covered the heavens, and you and i

shall be alone for ever. we two—this crown—

i half remember. it has been in my dreams.

bend lower, o king, that i may crown you with it.

o flower of the branch, o bird among the leaves,

o silver fish that my two hands have taken

out of the running stream, o morning star,

trembling in the blue heavens like a white fawn

upon the misty border of the wood,

bend lower, that i may cover you with my hair,

for we will gaze upon this world no longer.

forgael [gathering dectora’s hair about him]. beloved, having dragged the net about us,

and knitted mesh to mesh, we grow immortal; and that old harp awakens of itself to cry aloud to the grey birds, and dreams, that have had dreams for father, live in us.

the two kings 1914





381

the two kings


king eochaid came at sundown to a wood

westward of tara. hurrying to his queen

he had outridden his war-wasted men

that with empounded cattle trod the mire,

and where beech trees had mixed a pale green light

with the ground-ivy’s blue, he saw a stag

whiter than curds, its eyes the tint of the sea.

because it stood upon his path and seemed

more hands in height than any stag in the world

he sat with tightened rein and loosened mouth

upon his trembling horse, then drove the spur;

but the stag stooped and ran at him, and passed,

rending the horse’s flank. king eochaid reeled,

then drew his sword to hold its levelled point

against the stag. when horn and steel were met

the horn resounded as though it had been silver,

a sweet, miraculous, terrifying sound.

horn locked in sword, they tugged and struggled there

as though a stag and unicorn were met

among the african mountains of the moon,

until at last the double horns, drawn backward,

butted below the single and so pierced

the entrails of the horse. dropping his sword

king eochaid seized the horns in his strong hands

and stared into the sea-green eye, and so

hither and thither to and fro they trod

till all the place was beaten into mire.

the strong thigh and the agile thigh were met,

the hands that gathered up the might of the world,

and hoof and horn that had sucked in their speed

amid the elaborate wilderness of the air.

through bush they plunged and over ivied root,

and where the stone struck fire, while in the leaves

a squirrel whinnied and a bird screamed out;

but when at last he forced those sinewy flanks

against a beech-bole, he threw down the beast

and knelt above it with drawn knife. on the instant

it vanished like a shadow, and a cry

so mournful that it seemed the cry of one

who had lost some unimaginable treasure

wandered between the blue and the green leaf

and climbed into the air, crumbling away,

till all had seemed a shadow or a vision

but for the trodden mire, the pool of blood,

the disembowelled horse.

king eochaid ran

toward peopled tara, nor stood to draw his breath

until he came before the painted wall,

the posts of polished yew, circled with bronze,

of the great door; but though the hanging lamps

showed their faint light through the unshuttered windows,

nor door, nor mouth, nor slipper made a noise,

nor on the ancient beaten paths, that wound

from well-side or from plough-land, was there noise;

nor had there been the noise of living thing

before him or behind, but that far off

on the horizon edge bellowed the herds.

knowing that silence brings no good to kings,

and mocks returning victory, he passed

between the pillars with a beating heart

and saw where in the midst of the great hall

pale-faced, alone upon a bench, edain

sat upright with a sword before her feet.

her hands on either side had gripped the bench,

her eyes were cold and steady, her lips tight.

some passion had made her stone. hearing a foot

she started and then knew whose foot it was;

but when he thought to take her in his arms

she motioned him afar, and rose and spoke:

‘i have sent among the fields or to the woods the fighting-men and servants of this house,

for i would have your judgment upon one

who is self-accused. if she be innocent

she would not look in any known man’s face

till judgment has been given, and if guilty,

would never look again on known man’s face.’

and at these words he paled, as she had paled,

knowing that he should find upon her lips

the meaning of that monstrous day.

then she:

‘you brought me where your brother ardan sat

always in his one seat, and bid me care him

through that strange illness that had fixed him there,

and should he die to heap his burial-mound

and carve his name in ogham.’ eochaid said,

‘he lives?’ ‘he lives and is a healthy man.’

‘while i have him and you it matters little

what man you have lost, what evil you have found.’

i bid them make his bed under this roof

and carried him his food with my own hands,

and so the weeks passed by. but when i said,

“what is this trouble?” he would answer nothing,

though always at my words his trouble grew;

and i but asked the more, till he cried out,

weary of many questions: “there are things

that make the heart akin to the dumb stone.”

then i replied, “although you hide a secret,

hopeless and dear, or terrible to think on,

speak it, that i may send through the wide world

for medicine.” thereon he cried aloud,

“day after day you question me, and i,

because there is such a storm amid my thoughts

i shall be carried in the gust, command,

forbid, beseech and waste my breath.” then i:

“although the thing that you have hid were evil,

the speaking of it could be no great wrong,

and evil must it be, if done ’twere worse

than mound and stone that keep all virtue in, and loosen on us dreams that waste our life.

shadows and shows that can but turn the brain.”

but finding him still silent i stooped down

and whispering that none but he should hear.

said, “if a woman has put this on you,

my men, whether it please her or displease,

and though they have to cross the loughlan waters

and take her in the middle of armed men,

shall make her look upon her handiwork,

that she may quench the rick she has fired; and though

she may have worn silk clothes, or worn a crown,

she’ll not be proud, knowing within her heart

that our sufficient portion of the world

is that we give, although it be brief giving,

happiness to children and to men.”

then he, driven by his thought beyond his thought,

and speaking what he would not though he would,

sighed, “you, even you yourself, could work the cure!”

and at those words i rose and i went out

and for nine days he had food from other hands,

and for nine days my mind went whirling round

the one disastrous zodiac, muttering

that the immedicable mound’s beyond

our questioning, beyond our pity even.

but when nine days had gone i stood again

before his chair and bending down my head

i bade him go when all his household slept

to an old empty woodman’s house that’s hidden

westward of tara, among the hazel-trees—

for hope would give his limbs the power—and await

a friend that could, he had told her, work his cure

and would be no harsh friend.

when night had deepened,

i groped my way from beech to hazel wood,

found that old house, a sputtering torch within,

and stretched out sleeping on a pile of skins

ardan, and though i called to him and tried

to shake him out of sleep, i could not rouse him.

i waited till the night was on the turn,

then fearing that some labourer, on his way

to plough or pasture-land, might see me there,

went out.

among the ivy-covered rocks,

as on the blue light of a sword, a man

who had unnatural majesty, and eyes

like the eyes of some great kite scouring the woods,

stood on my path. trembling from head to foot

i gazed at him like grouse upon a kite;

but with a voice that had unnatural music,

“a weary wooing and a long,” he said,

“speaking of love through other lips and looking

under the eyelids of another, for it was my craft

that put a passion in the sleeper there,

and when i had got my will and drawn you here,

where i may speak to you alone, my craft

sucked up the passion out of him again

and left mere sleep. he’ll wake when the sun wakes,

push out his vigorous limbs and rub his eyes,

and wonder what has ailed him these twelve months.”

i cowered back upon the wall in terror,

but that sweet-sounding voice ran on: “woman,

i was your husband when you rode the air,

danced in the whirling foam and in the dust,

in days you have not kept in memory,

being betrayed into a cradle, and i come

that i may claim you as my wife again.”

i was no longer terrified—his voice

had half awakened some old memory—yet

answered him, “i am king eochaid’s wife

and with him have found every happiness

women can find.” with a most masterful voice,

that made the body seem as it were a string

under a bow, he cried, “what happiness

can lovers have that know their happiness

must end at the dumb stone? but where we build

our sudden palaces in the still air pleasure itself can bring no weariness,

nor can time waste the cheek, nor is there foot

that has grown weary of the wandering dance,

nor an unlaughing mouth, but mine that mourns,

among those mouths that sing their sweethearts’ praise,

your empty bed.” “how should i love,” i answered,

“were it not that when the dawn has lit my bed

and shown my husband sleeping there, i have sighed,

‘your strength and nobleness will pass away.’

or how should love be worth its pains were it not

that when he has fallen asleep within my arms,

being wearied out, i love in man the child?

what can they know of love that do not know

she builds her nest upon a narrow ledge

above a windy precipice?” then he:

“seeing that when you come to the deathbed

you must return, whether you would or no,

this human life blotted from memory,

why must i live some thirty, forty years,

alone with all this useless happiness?”

thereon he seized me in his arms, but i

thrust him away with both my hands and cried,

“never will i believe there is any change

can blot out of my memory this life

sweetened by death, but if i could believe,

that were a double hunger in my lips

for what is doubly brief.”

and now the shape

my hands were pressed to vanished suddenly.

i staggered, but a beech tree stayed my fall,

and clinging to it i could hear the cocks

crow upon tara.’

king eochaid bowed his head

and thanked her for her kindness to his brother,

for that she promised, and for that refused.

thereon the bellowing of the empounded herds

rose round the walls, and through the bronze-ringed door jostled and shouted those war-wasted men,

and in the midst king eochaid’s brother stood,

and bade all welcome, being ignorant.

the gift of harun al-rashid 1923





382

the gift of harun al-rashid


kusta ben luka is my name, i write

to abd al-rabban; fellow-roysterer once,

now the good caliph’s learned treasurer,

and for no ear but his.

carry this letter

through the great gallery of the treasure house

where banners of the caliphs hang, night-coloured

but brilliant as the night’s embroidery,

and wait war’s music; pass the little gallery;

pass books of learning from byzantium

written in gold upon a purple stain,

and pause at last, i was about to say,

at the great book of sappho’s song; but no,

for should you leave my letter there, a boy’s

love-lorn, indifferent hands might come upon it

and let it fall unnoticed to the floor.

pause at the treatise of parmenides

and hide it there, for caliphs to world’s end

must keep that perfect, as they keep her song,

so great its fame.

when fitting time has passed

the parchment will disclose to some learned man

a mystery that else had found no chronicler

but the wild bedouin. though i approve

those wanderers that welcomed in their tents

what great harun al-rashid, occupied

with persian embassy or grecian war,

must needs neglect, i cannot hide the truth

that wandering in a desert, featureless

as air under a wing, can give birds’ wit.

in after time they will speak much of me

and speak but fantasy. recall the year

when our beloved caliph put to death his vizir jaffer for an unknown reason:

‘if but the shirt upon my body knew it

i’d tear it off and throw it in the fire.’

that speech was all that the town knew, but he

seemed for a while to have grown young again;

seemed so on purpose, muttered jaffer’s friends,

that none might know that he was conscience-struck—but

that’s a traitor’s thought. enough for me

that in the early summer of the year

the mightiest of the princes of the world

came to the least considered of his courtiers;

sat down upon the fountain’s marble edge,

one hand amid the goldfish in the pool;

and thereupon a colloquy took place

that i commend to all the chroniclers

to show how violent great hearts can lose

their bitterness and find the honeycomb.

‘i have brought a slender bride into the house;

you know the saying, “change the bride with spring,”

and she and i, being sunk in happiness,

cannot endure to think you tread these paths,

when evening stirs the jasmine bough, and yet

are brideless.’

‘i am falling into years.’

‘but such as you and i do not seem old

like men who live by habit. every day

i ride with falcon to the river’s edge

or carry the ringed mail upon my back,

or court a woman; neither enemy,

game-bird, nor woman does the same thing twice;

and so a hunter carries in the eye

a mimicry of youth. can poet’s though)

that springs from body and in body falls

like this pure jet, now lost amid blue sky. now bathing lily leaf and fish’s scale,

be mimicry?’

‘what matter if our souls

are nearer to the surface of the body

than souls that start no game and turn no rhyme!

the soul’s own youth and not the body’s youth

shows through our lineaments. my candle’s bright,

my lantern is too loyal not to show

that it was made in your great father’s reign.’

‘and yet the jasmine season warms our blood.’

‘great prince, forgive the freedom of my speech:

you think that love has seasons, and you think

that if the spring bear off what the spring gave

the heart need suffer no defeat; but i

who have accepted the byzantine faith,

that seems unnatural to arabian minds,

think when i choose a bride i choose for ever;

and if her eye should not grow bright for mine

or brighten only for some younger eye,

my heart could never turn from daily ruin,

nor find a remedy.’

‘but what if i

have lit upon a woman who so shares your thirst for those old crabbed

mysteries, so strains to look beyond our life, an eye that never knew that

strain would scarce seem bright, and yet herself can seem youth’s very

fountain, being all brimmed with life?’

‘were it but true

i would have found the best that life can give,

companionship in those mysterious things

that make a man’s soul or a woman’s soul

itself and not some other soul.’

‘that love

must needs be in this life and in what follows

unchanging and at peace, and it is right every philosopher should praise that love.

but i being none can praise its opposite.

it makes my passion stronger but to think

like passion stirs the peacock and his mate,

the wild stag and the doe; that mouth to mouth

is a man’s mockery of the changeless soul.’

and thereupon his bounty gave what now

can shake more blossom from autumnal chill

than all my bursting springtime knew. a girl

perched in some window of her mother’s house

had watched my daily passage to and fro;

had heard impossible history of my past;

imagined some impossible history

lived at my side; thought time’s disfiguring touch

gave but more reason for a woman’s care.

yet was it love of me, or was it love

of the stark mystery that has dazed my sight,

perplexed her fantasy and planned her care?

or did the torchlight of that mystery

pick out my features in such light and shade two contemplating passions

chose one theme through sheer bewilderment? she had not paced

the garden paths, nor counted up the rooms,

before she had spread a book upon her knees

and asked about the pictures or the text;

and often those first days i saw her stare

on old dry writing in a learned tongue,

on old dry faggots that could never please

the extravagance of spring; or move a hand

as if that writing or the figured page

were some dear cheek.

upon a moonless night

i sat where i could watch her sleeping form,

and wrote by candle-light; but her form moved,

and fearing that my light disturbed her sleep

i rose that i might screen it with a cloth.

i heard her voice, ‘turn that i may expound what’s bowed your shoulder and made pale your

cheek’;

and saw her sitting upright on the bed;

or was it she that spoke or some great djinn?

i say that a djinn spoke. a live-long hour

she seemed the learned man and i the child;

truths without father came, truths that no book

of all the uncounted books that i have read,

nor thought out of her mind or mine begot, 140

self-born, high-born, and solitary truths,

those terrible implacable straight lines

drawn through the wandering vegetative dream,

even those truths that when my bones are dust

must drive the arabian host.

the voice grew still,

and she lay down upon her bed and slept,

but woke at the first gleam of day, rose up

and swept the house and sang about her work

in childish ignorance of all that passed.

a dozen nights of natural sleep, and then

when the full moon swam to its greatest height

she rose, and with her eyes shut fast in sleep

walked through the house. unnoticed and unfelt

i wrapped her in a hooded cloak, and she,

half running, dropped at the first ridge of the desert

and there marked out those emblems on the sand

that day by day i study and marvel at,

with her white finger. i led her home asleep

and once again she rose and swept the house

in childish ignorance of all that passed.

even to-day, after some seven years

when maybe thrice in every moon her mouth

murmured the wisdom of the desert djinns,

she keeps that ignorance, nor has she now

that first unnatural interest in my books.

it seems enough that i am there; and yet,

old fellow-student, whose most patient ear

heard all the anxiety of my passionate youth. it seems i must buy knowledge with my peace.

what if she lose her ignorance and so

dream that i love her only for the voice,

that every gift and every word of praise

is but a payment for that midnight voice

that is to age what milk is to a child?

were she to lose her love, because she had lost

her confidence in mine, or even lose

its first simplicity, love, voice and all,

all my fine feathers would be plucked away

and i left shivering. the voice has drawn

a quality of wisdom from her love’s

particular quality. the signs and shapes;

all those abstractions that you fancied were

from the great treatise of parmenides;

all, all those gyres and cubes and midnight things

are but a new expression of her body

drunk with the bitter sweetness of her youth.

and now my utmost mystery is out.

a woman’s beauty is a storm-tossed banner;

under it wisdom stands, and i alone—of

all arabia’s lovers i alone—nor

dazzled by the embroidery, nor lost

in the confusion of its night-dark folds,

can hear the armed man speak.




























