JOHN KEATS

The Poems



Imitation of Spenser


Now Morning from her orient chamber came,



And her first footsteps touched a verdant hill;



Crowning its lawny crest with amber flame,



Silv’ring the untainted gushes of its rill;



Which, pure from mossy beds, did down distill,



And after parting beds of simple flowers,



By many streams a little lake did fill,



Which round its marge reflected woven bowers,



And, in its middle space, a sky that never lowers.



10

There the king-fisher saw his plumage bright



Vying with fish of brilliant dye below;



Whose silken fins, and golden scales light



Cast upward, through the waves, a ruby glow:



There saw the swan his neck of archèd snow,



And oared himself along with majesty;



Sparkled his jetty eyes; his feet did show



Beneath the waves like Afric’s ebony,



And on his back a fay reclined voluptuously.



Ah! could I tell the wonders of an isle



20

That in that fairest lake had placed been,



I could e’en Dido of her grief beguile;



Or rob from aged Lear his bitter teen:



For sure so fair a place was never seen,



Of all that ever charmed romantic eye:



It seemed an emerald in the silver sheen



Of the bright waters; or as when on high,



Through clouds of fleecy white, laughs the cerulean sky.



And all around it dipped luxuriously



Slopings of verdure through the glossy tide,



30

Which, as it were in gentle amity,



Rippled delighted up the flowery side;



As if to glean the ruddy tears, it tried,



Which fell profusely from the rose-tree stem!



Haply it was the workings of its pride,



In strife to throw upon the shore a gem



Outvying all the buds in Flora’s diadem.





On Peace


O Peace! and dost thou with thy presence bless



The dwellings of this war-surrounded Isle;



Soothing with placid brow our late distress,



Making the triple kingdom brightly smile?



Joyful I hail thy presence; and I hail



The sweet companions that await on thee;



Complete my joy – let not my first wish fail,



Let the sweet mountain nymph thy favourite be,



With England’s happiness proclaim Europa’s liberty.



10

O Europe! let not sceptred tyrants see



That thou must shelter in thy former state;



Keep thy chains burst, and boldly say thou art free;



Give thy kings law – leave not uncurbed the great;



So with the horrors past thou’lt win thy happier fate!





‘Fill for me a brimming bowl’


‘What wondrous beauty! From this moment I efface from my mind all women.’

Terence [Eunuch II.3.296]



Fill for me a brimming bowl



And let me in it drown my soul:



But put therein some drug, designed



To banish Woman from my mind:



For I want not the stream inspiring



That heats the sense with lewd desiring,



But I want as deep a draught



As e’er from Lethe’s waves was quaffed;



From my despairing breast to charm



10

The Image of the fairest form



That e’er my revelling eyes beheld,



That e’er my wandering fancy spelled.



’Tis vain! away I cannot chase



The melting softness of that face,



The beaminess of those bright eyes,



That breast – earth’s only Paradise.



My sight will never more be blessed;



For all I see has lost its zest:



Nor with delight can I explore



20

The Classic page, the Muse’s lore.



Had she but known how beat my heart,



And with one smile relieved its smart,



I should have felt a sweet relief,



I should have felt ‘the joy of grief’.



Yet as a Tuscan ’mid the snow



Of Lapland thinks on sweet Arno,



Even so for ever shall she be



The Halo of my Memory.





To Lord Byron


Byron! how sweetly sad thy melody!



Attuning still the soul to tenderness,



As if soft Pity, with unusual stress,



Had touched her plaintive lute, and thou, being by,



Hadst caught the tones, nor suffered them to die.



O’ershading sorrow doth not make thee less



Delightful: thou thy griefs dost dress



With a bright halo, shining beamily,



As when a cloud a golden moon doth veil,



10

Its sides are tinged with a resplendent glow,



Through the dark robe oft amber rays prevail,



And like fair veins in sable marble flow;



Still warble, dying swan! still tell the tale,



The enchanting tale, the tale of pleasing woe.





‘As from the darkening gloom a silver dove’


As from the darkening gloom a silver dove



Upsoars, and darts into the Eastern light,



On pinions that naught moves but pure delight,



So fled thy soul into the realms above,



Regions of peace and everlasting love;



Where happy spirits, crowned with circlets bright



Of starry beam, and gloriously bedight,



Taste the high joy none but the blest can prove.



There thou or joinest the immortal quire



10

In melodies that even Heaven fair



Fill with superior bliss, or, at desire



Of the omnipotent Father, cleavest the air



On holy message sent – What pleasures higher?



Wherefore does any grief our joy impair?





‘Can death be sleep, when life is but a dream’


I



Can death be sleep, when life is but a dream,



And scenes of bliss pass as a phantom by?



The transient pleasures as a vision seem,



And yet we think the greatest pain’s to die.



II



How strange it is that man on earth should roam,



And lead a life of woe, but not forsake



His rugged path; nor dare he view alone



His future doom which is but to awake.





To Chatterton


O Chatterton! how very sad thy fate!



Dear child of sorrow – son of misery!



How soon the film of death obscured that eye,



Whence Genius wildly flashed, and high debate.



How soon that voice, majestic and elate,



Melted in dying murmurs! Oh! how nigh



Was night to thy fair morning. Thou didst die



A half-blown flower which cold blasts amate.



But this is past: thou art among the stars



10

Of highest Heaven: to the rolling spheres



Thou sweetly singest: naught thy hymning mars,



Above the ingrate world and human fears.



On earth the good man base detraction bars



From thy fair name, and waters it with tears.





Written on the Day that Mr Leigh Hunt left Prison


What though, for showing truth to flattered state,



Kind Hunt was shut in prison, yet has he,



In his immortal spirit, been as free



As the sky-searching lark, and as elate.



Minion of grandeur! think you he did wait?



Think you he naught but prison walls did see,



Till, so unwilling, thou unturned’st the key?



Ah, no! far happier, nobler was his fate!



In Spenser’s halls he strayed, and bowers fair,



10

Culling enchanted flowers; and he flew



With daring Milton through the fields of air:



To regions of his own his genius true



Took happy flights. Who shall his fame impair



When thou art dead, and all thy wretched crew?





To Hope


When by my solitary hearth I sit,



And hateful thoughts enwrap my soul in gloom;



When no fair dreams before my ‘mind’s eye’ flit,



And the bare heath of life presents no bloom;



Sweet Hope, ethereal balm upon me shed,



And wave thy silver pinions o’er my head.



Whene’er I wander, at the fall of night,



Where woven boughs shut out the moon’s bright ray,



Should sad Despondency my musings fright,



10

And frown, to drive fair Cheerfulness away,



Peep with the moon-beams through the leafy roof,



And keep that fiend Despondence far aloof.



Should Disappointment, parent of Despair,



Strive for her son to seize my careless heart;



When, like a cloud, he sits upon the air,



Preparing on his spell-bound prey to dart:



Chase him away, sweet Hope, with visage bright,



And fright him as the morning frightens night!



Whene’er the fate of those I hold most dear



20

Tells to my fearful breast a tale of sorrow,



O bright-eyed Hope, my morbid fancy cheer;



Let me awhile thy sweetest comforts borrow:



Thy heaven-born radiance around me shed,



And wave thy silver pinions o’er my head!



Should e’er unhappy love my bosom pain,



From cruel parents, or relentless fair;



O let me think it is not quite in vain



To sigh out sonnets to the midnight air!



Sweet Hope, ethereal balm upon me shed,



30

And wave thy silver pinions o’er my head!



In the long vista of the years to roll,



Let me not see our country’s honour fade:



O let me see our land retain her soul,



Her pride, her freedom; and not freedom’s shade.



From thy bright eyes unusual brightness shed –



Beneath thy pinions canopy my head!



Let me not see the patriot’s high bequest,



Great Liberty! how great in plain attire!



With the base purple of a court oppressed,



40

Bowing her head, and ready to expire:



But let me see thee stoop from heaven on wings



That fill the skies with silver glitterings!



And as, in sparkling majesty, a star



Gilds the bright summit of some gloomy cloud;



Brightening the half-veiled face of heaven afar:



So, when dark thoughts my boding spirit shroud,



Sweet Hope, celestial influence round me shed,



Waving thy silver pinions o’er my head.





Ode to Apollo


In thy western halls of gold



When thou sittest in thy state,



Bards, that erst sublimely told



Heroic deeds, and sung of fate,



With fervour seize their adamantine lyres,



Whose chords are solid rays, and twinkle radiant fires.



There Homer with his nervous arms



Strikes the twanging harp of war,



And even the western splendour warms,



While the trumpets sound afar:



But, what creates the most intense surprise,



His soul looks out through renovated eyes.



Then, through thy Temple wide, melodious swells



The sweet majestic tone of Maro’s lyre:



The soul delighted on each accent dwells, –



Enraptur’d dwells, – not daring to respire,



The while he tells of grief around a funeral pyre.



’Tis awful silence then again;



Expectant stand the spheres;



20

Breathless the laurelled peers,



Nor move, till ends the lofty strain,



Nor move till Milton’s tuneful thunders cease,



And leave once more the ravished heavens in peace.



Thou biddest Shakespeare wave his hand,



And quickly forward spring



The Passions – a terrific band –



And each vibrates the string



That with its tyrant temper best accords,



While from their Master’s lips pour forth the inspiring words.



30

A silver trumpet Spenser blows,



And, as its martial notes to silence flee,



From a virgin chorus flows



A hymn in praise of spotless Chastity.



’Tis still! Wild warblings from the Aeolian lyre



Enchantment softly breathe, and tremblingly expire.



Next thy Tasso’s ardent numbers



Float along the pleasèd air,



Calling youth from idle slumbers,



Rousing them from Pleasure’s lair: –



40

Then o’er the strings his fingers gently move,



And melt the soul to pity and to love.



But when Thou joinest with the Nine,



And all the powers of song combine,



We listen here on earth:



The dying tones that fill the air,



And charm the ear of evening fair,



From thee, great God of Bards, receive their heavenly birth.





Lines Written on 29 May The Anniversary of the Restoration of Charles the 2nd


Infatuate Britons, will you still proclaim



His memory, your direst, foulest shame?



Nor patriots revere?



Ah! when I hear each traitorous lying bell,



’Tis gallant Sidney’s, Russell’s, Vane’s sad knell,



That pains my wounded ear.





To Some Ladies


What though, while the wonders of nature exploring,



I cannot your light, mazy footsteps attend;



Nor listen to accents that, almost adoring,



Bless Cynthia’s face, the enthusiast’s friend:



Yet over the steep, whence the mountain stream rushes,



With you, kindest friends, in idea I muse –



Mark the clear tumbling crystal, its passionate gushes,



Its spray that the wild flower kindly bedews.



Why linger you so, the wild labyrinth strolling?



10

Why breathless, unable your bliss to declare?



Ah! you list to the nightingale’s tender condoling,



Responsive to sylphs, in the moon-beamy air.



’Tis morn, and the flowers with dew are yet drooping,



I see you are treading the verge of the sea:



And now! ah, I see it – you just now are stooping



To pick up the keep-sake intended for me.



If a cherub, on pinions of silver descending,



Had brought me a gem from the fret-work of heaven;



And, smiles with his star-cheering voice sweetly blending,



20

The blessing of Tighe had melodiously given;



It had not created a warmer emotion



Than the present, fair nymphs, I was blessed with from you,



Than the shell, from the bright golden sands of the ocean



Which the emerald waves at your feet gladly threw.



For, indeed, ’tis a sweet and peculiar pleasure



(And blissful is he who such happiness finds),



To possess but a span of the hour of leisure,



In elegant, pure, and aërial minds.





On Receiving a Curious Shell, and a Copy of Verses, from the Same Ladies


Hast thou from the caves of Golconda a gem,



Pure as the ice-drop that froze on the mountain?



Bright as the humming-bird’s green diadem,



When it flutters in sunbeams that shine through a fountain?



Hast thou a goblet for dark sparkling wine?



That goblet right heavy, and massy, and gold?



And splendidly marked with the story divine



Of Armida the fair, and Rinaldo the bold?



Hast thou a steed with a mane richly flowing?



10

Hast thou a sword that thine enemy’s smart is?



Hast thou a trumpet rich melodies blowing?



And wear’st thou the shield of the famed Britomartis?



What is it that hangs from thy shoulder, so brave,



Embroidered with many a spring-peering flower?



Is it a scarf that thy fair lady gave?



And hastest thou now to that fair lady’s bower?



Ah! courteous Sir Knight, with large joy thou art crowned;



Full many the glories that brighten thy youth!



I will tell thee my blisses, which richly abound



20

In magical powers to bless, and to soothe.



On this scroll thou seest written in characters fair



A sunbeamy tale of a wreath, and a chain;



And, warrior, it nurtures the property rare



Of charming my mind from the trammels of pain.



This canopy mark: ’tis the work of a fay;



Beneath its rich shade did King Oberon languish,



When lovely Titania was far, far away,



And cruelly left him to sorrow, and anguish.



There, oft would he bring from his soft-sighing lute



30

Wild strains to which, spell-bound, the nightingales listened;



The wondering spirits of heaven were mute,



And tears ’mong the dewdrops of morning oft glistened.



In this little dome, all those melodies strange,



Soft, plaintive, and melting, for ever will sigh;



Nor e’er will the notes from their tenderness change;



Nor e’er will the music of Oberon die.



So, when I am in a voluptuous vein,



I pillow my head on the sweets of the rose,



And list to the tale of the wreath, and the chain,



40

Till its echoes depart; then I sink to repose.



Adieu, valiant Eric! with joy thou art crowned;



Full many the glories that brighten thy youth,



I too have my blisses, which richly abound



In magical powers, to bless and to soothe.





To Emma


O come, dearest Emma! the rose is full blown,



And the riches of Flora are lavishly strown,



The air is all softness, and crystal the streams,



And the West is resplendently clothèd in beams.



We will hasten, my fair, to the opening glades,



The quaintly carved seats, and the freshening shades,



Where the faeries are chanting their evening hymns,



And in the last sunbeam the sylph lightly swims.



And when thou art weary I’ll find thee a bed



10

Of mosses and flowers to pillow thy head;



There, beauteous Emma, I’ll sit at thy feet,



While my story of love I enraptured repeat.



So fondly I’ll breathe, and so softly I’ll sigh,



Thou wilt think that some amorous Zephyr is nigh –



Ah, no! – as I breathe, I will press thy fair knee,



And then thou wilt know that the sigh comes from me.



Then why, lovely girl, should we lose all these blisses?



That mortal’s a fool who such happiness misses.



So smile acquiescence, and give me thy hand,



20

With love-looking eyes, and with voice sweetly bland.





Song


Tune – ‘Julia to the Wood-Robin’



Stay, ruby-breasted warbler, stay,



And let me see thy sparkling eye,



Oh brush not yet the pearl-strung spray



Nor bow thy pretty head to fly.



Stay while I tell thee, fluttering thing,



That thou of love an emblem art,



Yes! patient plume thy little wing,



Whilst I my thoughts to thee impart.



When summer nights the dews bestow,



10

And summer suns enrich the day,



Thy notes the blossoms charm to blow,



Each opes delighted at thy lay.



So when in youth the eye’s dark glance



Speaks pleasure from its circle bright,



The tones of love our joys enhance



And make superior each delight.



And when bleak storms resistless rove,



And every rural bliss destroy,



Nought comforts then the leafless grove



20

But thy soft note – its only joy –



E’en so the words of love beguile



When Pleasure’s tree no longer bears,



And draw a soft endearing smile



Amid the gloom of grief and tears.





‘Woman! when I behold thee flippant, vain’


Woman! when I behold thee flippant, vain,



Inconstant, childish, proud, and full of fancies;



Without that modest softening that enhances



The downcast eye, repentant of the pain



That its mild light creates to heal again:



E’en then, elate, my spirit leaps, and prances,



E’en then my soul with exultation dances



For that to love, so long, I’ve dormant lain:



But when I see thee meek, and kind, and tender,



10

Heavens! how desperately do I adore



Thy winning graces; – to be thy defender



I hotly burn – to be a Calidore –



A very Red Cross Knight – a stout Leander –



Might I be loved by thee like these of yore.



Light feet, dark violet eyes, and parted hair,



Soft dimpled hands, white neck, and creamy breast,



Are things on which the dazzled senses rest



Till the fond, fixèd eyes forget they stare.



From such fine pictures, heavens! I cannot dare



20

To turn my admiration, though unpossessed



They be of what is worthy, – though not dressed



In lovely modesty, and virtues rare.



Yet these I leave as thoughtless as a lark;



These lures I straight forget, – e’en ere I dine,



Or thrice my palate moisten: but when I mark



Such charms with mild intelligences shine,



My ear is open like a greedy shark,



To catch the tunings of a voice divine.



Ah! who can e’er forget so fair a being?



30

Who can forget her half-retiring sweets?



God! she is like a milk-white lamb that bleats



For man’s protection. Surely the All-seeing,



Who joys to see us with His gifts agreeing,



Will never give him pinions, who intreats



Such innocence to ruin, – who vilely cheats



A dove-like bosom. In truth there is no freeing



One’s thoughts from such a beauty; when I hear



A lay that once I saw her hand awake,



Her form seems floating palpable, and near;



40

Had I e’er seen her from an arbour take



A dewy flower, oft would that hand appear,



And o’er my eyes the trembling moisture shake.





‘O Solitude! if I must with thee dwell’


O Solitude! if I must with thee dwell,



Let it not be among the jumbled heap



Of murky buildings; climb with me the steep –



Nature’s observatory – whence the dell,



Its flowery slopes, its river’s crystal swell,



May seem a span; let me thy vigils keep



‘Mongst boughs pavilioned, where the deer’s swift leap



Startles the wild bee from the foxglove bell.



But though I’ll gladly trace these scenes with thee,



10

Yet the sweet converse of an innocent mind,



Whose words are images of thoughts refined,



Is my soul’s pleasure; and it sure must be



Almost the highest bliss of human-kind,



When to thy haunts two kindred spirits flee.





To George Felton Mathew


Sweet are the pleasures that to verse belong,



And doubly sweet a brotherhood in song;



Nor can remembrance, Mathew! bring to view



A fate more pleasing, a delight more true



Than that in which the brother Poets joyed,



Who with combinèd powers, their wit employed



To raise a trophy to the drama’s muses.



The thought of this great partnership diffuses



Over the genius-loving heart, a feeling



10

Of all that’s high, and great, and good, and healing.



Too partial friend! fain would I follow thee



Past each horizon of fine poesy;



Fain would I echo back each pleasant note



As o’er Sicilian seas, clear anthems float



‘Mong the light skimming gondolas far parted,



Just when the sun his farewell beam has darted –



But ’tis impossible; far different cares



Beckon me sternly from soft ‘Lydian airs’,



And hold my faculties so long in thrall,



20

That I am oft in doubt whether at all



I shall again see Phoebus in the morning:



Or flushed Aurora in the roseate dawning!



Or a white Naiad in a rippling stream;



Or a rapt seraph in a moonlight beam;



Or again witness what with thee I’ve seen,



The dew by fairy feet swept from the green,



After a night of some quaint jubilee



Which every elf and fay had come to see:



When bright processions took their airy march



30

Beneath the curvèd moon’s triumphal arch.



But might I now each passing moment give



To the coy muse, with me she would not live



In this dark city, nor would condescend



‘Mid contradictions her delights to lend.



Should e’er the fine-eyed maid to me be kind,



Ah! surely it must be whene’er I find



Some flowery spot, sequestered, wild, romantic,



That often must have seen a poet frantic;



Where oaks, that erst the Druid knew, are growing,



40

And flowers, the glory of one day, are blowing;



Where the dark-leaved laburnum’s drooping clusters



Reflect athwart the stream their yellow lustres,



And intertwined the cassia’s arms unite,



With its own drooping buds, but very white;



Where on one side are covert branches hung,



‘Mong which the nightingales have always sung



In leafy quiet: where to pry, aloof,



Atween the pillars of the sylvan roof,



Would be to find where violet beds were nestling,



50

And where the bee with cowslip bells was wrestling.



There must be too a ruin dark, and gloomy,



To say ‘joy not too much in all that’s bloomy’.



Yet this is vain – O Mathew, lend thy aid



To find a place where I may greet the maid –



Where we may soft humanity put on,



And sit and rhyme, and think on Chatterton;



And that warm-hearted Shakespeare sent to meet him



Four laurelled spirits, heaven-ward to entreat him.



With reverence would we speak of all the sages



60

Who have left streaks of light athwart their ages:



And thou shouldst moralize on Milton’s blindness,



And mourn the fearful dearth of human kindness



To those who strove with the bright golden wing



Of genius, to flap away each sting



Thrown by the pitiless world. We next could tell



Of those who in the cause of freedom fell;



Of our own Alfred, of Helvetian Tell;



Of him whose name to ev’ry heart’s a solace,



High-minded and unbending William Wallace.



70

While to the rugged north our musing turns



We well might drop a tear for him, and Burns.



Felton! without incitements such as these,



How vain for me the niggard Muse to tease:



For thee, she will thy every dwelling grace,



And make ‘a sun-shine in a shady place’:



For thou wast once a floweret blooming wild,



Close to the source, bright, pure, and undefiled,



Whence gush the streams of song: in happy hour



Came chaste Diana from her shady bower,



80

Just as the sun was from the east uprising;



And, as for him some gift she was devising,



Beheld thee, plucked thee, cast thee in the stream



To meet her glorious brother’s greeting beam.



I marvel much that thou hast never told



How, from a flower, into a fish of gold



Apollo changed thee; how thou next didst seem



A black-eyed swan upon the widening stream;



And when thou first didst in that mirror trace



The placid features of a human face:



90

That thou hast never told thy travels strange,



And all the wonders of the mazy range



O’er pebbly crystal, and o’er golden sands,



Kissing thy daily food from Naiad’s pearly hands.





To [Mary Frogley]


Hadst thou lived in days of old,



O what wonders had been told



Of thy lively countenance,



And thy humid eyes that dance



In the midst of their own brightness,



In the very fane of lightness.



Over which thine eyebrows, leaning,



Picture out each lovely meaning:



In a dainty bend they lie,



10

Like to streaks across the sky,



Or the feathers from a crow,



Fallen on a bed of snow.



Of thy dark hair that extends



Into many graceful bends:



As the leaves of hellebore



Turn to whence they sprung before



And behind each ample curl



Peeps the richness of a pearl.



Downward too flows many a tress



20

With a glossy waviness;



Full, and round like globes that rise



From the censer to the skies



Through sunny air. Add too, the sweetness



Of thy honeyed voice; the neatness



Of thine ankle lightly turned:



With those beauties, scarce discerned,



Kept with such sweet privacy,



That they seldom meet the eye



Of the little loves that fly



30

Round about with eager pry.



Saving when, with freshening lave,



Thou dipp’st them in the taintless wave;



Like twin water-lilies, born



In the coolness of the morn.



O, if thou hadst breathèd then,



Now the Muses had been ten.



Couldst thou wish for lineage higher



Than twin sister of Thalia?



At least for ever, evermore,



40

Will I call the Graces four.



Hadst thou lived when chivalry



Lifted up her lance on high,



Tell me what thou wouldst have been?



Ah! I see the silver sheen



Of thy broidered, floating vest



Covering half thine ivory breast;



Which, O heavens! I should see,



But that cruel destiny



Has placed a golden cuirass there;



50

Keeping secret what is fair.



Like sunbeams in a cloudlet nested



Thy locks in knightly casque are rested:



O’er which bend four milky plumes



Like the gentle lily’s blooms



Springing from a costly vase.



See with what a stately pace



Comes thine alabaster steed;



Servant of heroic deed!



O’er his loins, his trappings glow



60

Like the northern lights on snow.



Mount his back! thy sword unsheathe!



Sign of the enchanter’s death;



Bane of every wicked spell;



Silencer of dragon’s yell.



Alas! thou this wilt never do –



Thou art an enchantress too,



And wilt surely never spill



Blood of those whose eyes can kill.





To —


Had I a man’s fair form, then might my sighs



Be echoed swiftly through that ivory shell



Thine ear, and find thy gentle heart; so well



Would passion arm me for the enterprise:



But ah! I am no knight whose foeman dies;



No cuirass glistens on my bosom’s swell;



I am no happy shepherd of the dell



Whose lips have trembled with a maiden’s eyes.



Yet must I dote upon thee – call thee sweet,



10

Sweeter by far than Hybla’s honeyed roses



When steeped in dew rich to intoxication.



Ah! I will taste that dew, for me ’tis meet,



And when the moon her pallid face discloses,



I’ll gather some by spells, and incantation.





‘Give me Women, Wine, and Snuff’


Give me Women, Wine, and Snuff



Until I cry out, ‘Hold, enough!’



You may do so sans objection



Till the day of resurrection;



For, bless my beard, they aye shall be



My beloved Trinity.





Specimen of an Induction to a Poem


Lo! I must tell a tale of chivalry;



For large white plumes are dancing in mine eye.



Not like the formal crest of latter days:



But bending in a thousand graceful ways –



So graceful, that it seems no mortal hand,



Or e’en the touch of Archimago’s wand,



Could charm them into such an attitude.



We must think rather, that in playful mood,



Some mountain breeze had turned its chief delight,



10

To show this wonder of its gentle might.



Lo! I must tell a tale of chivalry;



For while I muse, the lance points slantingly



Athwart the morning air: some lady sweet,



Who cannot feel for cold her tender feet,



From the worn top of some old battlement



Hails it with tears, her stout defender sent:



And from her own pure self no joy dissembling,



Wraps round her ample robe with happy trembling.



Sometimes, when the good Knight his rest would take,



20

It is reflected, clearly, in a lake,



With the young ashen boughs, ’gainst which it rests,



And th’ half-seen mossiness of linnets’ nests.



Ah! shall I ever tell its cruelty,



When the fire flashes from a warrior’s eye,



And his tremendous hand is grasping it,



And his dark brow for very wrath is knit?



Or when his spirit, with more calm intent,



Leaps to the honours of a tournament,



And makes the gazers round about the ring



30

Stare at the grandeur of the balancing?



No, no! this is far off: – then how shall I



Revive the dying tones of minstrelsy,



Which linger yet about lone gothic arches,



In dark green ivy, and among wild larches?



How sing the splendour of the revelries,



When butts of wine are drunk off to the lees?



And that bright lance, against the fretted wall,



Beneath the shade of stately banneral,



Is slung with shining cuirass, sword, and shield



40

Where ye may see a spur in bloody field?



Light-footed damsels move with gentle paces



Round the wide hall, and show their happy faces;



Or stand in courtly talk by fives and sevens,



Like those fair stars that twinkle in the heavens.



Yet must I tell a tale of chivalry –



Or wherefore comes that steed so proudly by?



Wherefore more proudly does the gentle Knight



Rein in the swelling of his ample might?



Spenser! thy brows are archèd, open, kind,



50

And come like a clear sun-rise to my mind;



And always does my heart with pleasure dance,



When I think on thy noble countenance:



Where never yet was aught more earthly seen



Than the pure freshness of thy laurels green.



Therefore, great bard, I not so fearfully



Call on thy gentle spirit to hover nigh



My daring steps: or if thy tender care,



Thus startled unaware,



Be jealous that the foot of other wight



60

Should madly follow that bright path of light



Traced by thy loved Libertas, he will speak,



And tell thee that my prayer is very meek;



That I will follow with due reverence,



And start with awe at mine own strange pretence.



Him thou wilt hear; so I will rest in hope



To see wide plains, fair trees and lawny slope,



The morn, the eve, the light, the shade, the flowers,



Clear streams, smooth lakes, and overlooking towers.





Calidore. A Fragment


Young Calidore is paddling o’er the lake,



His healthful spirit eager and awake



To feel the beauty of a silent eve,



Which seemed full loth this happy world to leave,



The light dwelt o’er the scene so lingeringly.



He bares his forehead to the cool blue sky,



And smiles at the far clearness all around,



Until his heart is well nigh over-wound,



And turns for calmness to the pleasant green



10

Of easy slopes, and shadowy trees that lean



So elegantly o’er the waters’ brim



And show their blossoms trim.



Scarce can his clear and nimble eyesight follow



The freaks, and dartings of the black-winged swallow,



Delighting much, to see it half at rest,



Dip so refreshingly its wings, and breast



‘Gainst the smooth surface, and to mark anon,



The widening circles into nothing gone.



And now the sharp keel of his little boat



20

Comes up with ripple, and with easy float,



And glides into a bed of water-lilies:



Broad-leaved are they and their white canopies



Are upward turned to catch the heavens’ dew.



Near to a little island’s point they grew;



Whence Calidore might have the goodliest view



Of this sweet spot of earth. The bowery shore



Went off in gentle windings to the hoar



And light blue mountains: but no breathing man



With a warm heart, and eye prepared to scan



30

Nature’s clear beauty, could pass lightly by



Objects that looked out so invitingly



On either side. These, gentle Calidore



Greeted, as he had known them long before.



The sidelong view of swelling leafiness,



Which the glad setting sun in gold doth dress;



Whence ever and anon the jay outsprings,



And scales upon the beauty of its wings.



The lonely turret, shattered, and outworn,



Stands venerably proud – too proud to mourn



40

Its long lost grandeur: fir trees grow around,



Aye dropping their hard fruit upon the ground.



The little chapel with the cross above



Upholding wreaths of ivy; the white dove,



That on the window spreads his feathers light,



And seems from purple clouds to wing its flight.



Green tufted islands casting their soft shades



Across the lake; sequestered leafy glades,



That through the dimness of their twilight show



Large dock leaves, spiral foxgloves, or the glow



50

Of the wild cat’s-eyes, or the silvery stems



Of delicate birch trees, or long grass which hems



A little brook. The youth had long been viewing



These pleasant things, and heaven was bedewing



The mountain flowers, when his glad senses caught



A trumpet’s silver voice. Ah! it was fraught



With many joys for him. The warder’s ken



Had found white coursers prancing in the glen:



Friends very dear to him he soon will see;



So pushes off his boat most eagerly,



60

And soon upon the lake he skims along,



Deaf to the nightingale’s first undersong;



Nor minds he the white swans that dream so sweetly:



His spirit flies before him so completely.



And now he turns a jutting point of land,



Whence may be seen the castle gloomy, and grand:



Nor will a bee buzz round two swelling peaches,



Before the point of his light shallop reaches



Those marble steps that through the water dip:



Now over them he goes with hasty trip,



70

And scarcely stays to ope the folding doors:



Anon he leaps along the oaken floors



Of halls and corridors.



Delicious sounds! those little bright-eyed things



That float about the air on azure wings,



Had been less heartfelt by him than the clang



Of clattering hoofs. Into the court he sprang,



Just as two noble steeds, and palfreys twain,



Were slanting out their necks with loosened rein;



While from beneath the threatening portcullis



80

They brought their happy burthens. What a kiss,



What gentle squeeze he gave each lady’s hand!



How tremblingly their delicate ankles spanned!



Into how sweet a trance his soul was gone,



While whisperings of affection



Made him delay to let their tender feet



Come to the earth. With an incline so sweet



From their low palfreys o’er his neck they bent:



And whether there were tears of languishment,



Or that the evening dew had pearled their tresses,



90

He feels a moisture on his cheek, and blesses



With lips that tremble, and with glistening eye,



All the soft luxury



That nestled in his arms. A dimpled hand,



Fair as some wonder out of fairy land,



Hung from his shoulder like the drooping flowers



Of whitest cassia, fresh from summer showers:



And this he fondled with his happy cheek



As if for joy he would no further seek –



When the kind voice of good Sir Clerimond



100

Came to his ear, like something from beyond



His present being: so he gently drew



His warm arms, thrilling now with pulses new,



From their sweet thrall, and forward gently bending,



Thanked heaven that his joy was never ending,



While ’gainst his forehead he devoutly pressed



A hand heaven made to succour the distressed;



A hand that from the world’s bleak promontory



Had lifted Calidore for deeds of Glory.



Amid the pages, and the torches’ glare,



110

There stood a knight, patting the flowing hair



Of his proud horse’s mane. He was withal



A man of elegance, and stature tall,



So that the waving of his plumes would be



High as the berries of a wild ash tree,



Or as the wingèd cap of Mercury.



His armour was so dexterously wrought



In shape, that sure no living man had thought



It hard, and heavy steel, but that indeed



It was some glorious form, some splendid weed,



120

In which a spirit new come from the skies



Might live, and show itself to human eyes.



’Tis the far-famed, the brave Sir Gondibert,



Said the good man to Calidore alert;



While the young warrior with a step of grace



Came up – a courtly smile upon his face,



And mailèd hand held out, ready to greet



The large-eyed wonder and ambitious heat



Of the aspiring boy; who as he led



Those smiling ladies, often turned his head



130

To admire the visor arched so gracefully



Over a knightly brow; while they went by



The lamps that from the high-roofed hall were pendent,



And gave the steel a shining quite transcendent.



Soon in a pleasant chamber they are seated;



The sweet-lipped ladies have already greeted



All the green leaves that round the window clamber,



To show their purple stars, and bells of amber.



Sir Gondibert had doffed his shining steel,



Gladdening in the free and airy feel



140

Of a light mantle; and while Clerimond



Is looking round about him with a fond



And placid eye, young Calidore is burning



To hear of knightly deeds, and gallant spurning



Of all unworthiness, and how the strong of arm



Kept off dismay, and terror, and alarm



From lovely woman: while brimful of this,



He gave each damsel’s hand so warm a kiss,



And had such manly ardour in his eye,



That each at other looked half-staringly;



150

And then their features started into smiles



Sweet as blue heavens o’er enchanted isles.



Softly the breezes from the forest came,



Softly they blew aside the taper’s flame;



Clear was the song from Philomel’s far bower;



Grateful the incense from the lime-tree flower;



Mysterious, wild, the far heard trumpet’s tone;



Lovely the moon in ether, all alone:



Sweet too the converse of these happy mortals,



As that of busy spirits when the portals



160

Are closing in the west, or that soft humming



We hear around when Hesperus is coming.



Sweet be their sleep.…





‘To one who has been long in city pent’


To one who has been long in city pent,



’Tis very sweet to look into the fair



And open face of heaven – to breathe a prayer



Full in the smile of the blue firmament.



Who is more happy, when, with heart’s content,



Fatigued he sinks into some pleasant lair



Of wavy grass, and reads a debonair



And gentle tale of love and languishment?



Returning home at evening, with an ear



10

Catching the notes of Philomel – an eye



Watching the sailing cloudlet’s bright career,



He mourns that day so soon has glided by:



E’en like the passage of an angel’s tear



That falls through the clear ether silently.





‘O! how I love, on a fair summer’s eve’


O! how I love, on a fair summer’s eve,



When streams of light pour down the golden west,



And on the balmy zephyrs tranquil rest



The silver clouds, far – far away to leave



All meaner thoughts, and take a sweet reprieve



From little cares; to find, with easy quest,



A fragrant wild, with Nature’s beauty dressed,



And there into delight my soul deceive.



There warm my breast with patriotic lore,



10

Musing on Milton’s fate – on Sidney’s bier –



Till their stern forms before my mind arise:



Perhaps on the wing of Poesy upsoar,



Full often dropping a delicious tear,



When some melodious sorrow spells mine eyes.





To a Friend who Sent me some Roses


As late I rambled in the happy fields –



What time the skylark shakes the tremulous dew



From his lush clover covert, when anew



Adventurous knights take up their dinted shields –



I saw the sweetest flower wild nature yields,



A fresh-blown musk-rose; ’twas the first that threw



Its sweets upon the summer: graceful it grew



As is the wand that queen Titania wields.



And, as I feasted on its fragrancy,



10

I thought the garden-rose it far excelled:



But when, O Wells! thy roses came to me



My sense with their deliciousness was spelled:



Soft voices had they, that with tender plea



Whispered of peace, and truth, and friendliness unquelled.





To my Brother George


Many the wonders I this day have seen:



The sun, when first he kissed away the tears



That filled the eyes of morn – the laurelled peers



Who from the feathery gold of evening lean –



The ocean with its vastness, its blue green,



Its ships, its rocks, its caves, its hopes, its fears –



Its voice mysterious, which whoso hears



Must think on what will be, and what has been.



E’en now, dear George, while this for you I write,



10

Cynthia is from her silken curtains peeping



So scantly, that it seems her bridal night,



And she her half-discovered revels keeping.



But what, without the social thought of thee,



Would be the wonders of the sky and sea?





To my Brother George


Full many a dreary hour have I passed,



My brain bewildered, and my mind o’ercast



With heaviness; in seasons when I’ve thought



No sphery strains by me could e’er be caught



From the blue dome, though I to dimness gaze



On the far depth where sheeted lightning plays;



Or, on the wavy grass outstretched supinely,



Pry ’mong the stars, to strive to think divinely:



That I should never hear Apollo’s song,



10

Though feathery clouds were floating all along



The purple west, and, two bright streaks between,



The golden lyre itself were dimly seen:



That the still murmur of the honey bee



Would never teach a rural song to me:



That the bright glance from beauty’s eyelids slanting



Would never make a lay of mine enchanting,



Or warm my breast with ardour to unfold



Some tale of love and arms in time of old.



But there are times, when those that love the bay,



20

Fly from all sorrowing far, far away;



A sudden glow comes on them, naught they see



In water, earth, or air, but poesy.



It has been said, dear George, and true I hold it,



(For knightly Spenser to Libertas told it,)



That when a Poet is in such a trance,



In air he sees white coursers paw, and prance,



Bestridden of gay knights, in gay apparel,



Who at each other tilt in playful quarrel,



And what we, ignorantly, sheet-lightning call,



30

Is the swift opening of their wide portal,



When the bright warder blows his trumpet clear,



Whose tones reach naught on earth but Poet’s ear.



When these enchanted portals open wide,



And through the light the horsemen swiftly glide,



The Poet’s eye can reach those golden halls,



And view the glory of their festivals:



Their ladies fair, that in the distance seem



Fit for the silvering of a seraph’s dream;



Their rich brimmed goblets, that incessant run



40

Like the bright spots that move about the sun;



And, when upheld, the wine from each bright jar



Pours with the lustre of a falling star.



Yet further off, are dimly seen their bowers,



Of which, no mortal eye can reach the flowers –



And ’tis right just, for well Apollo knows



‘Twould make the Poet quarrel with the rose.



All that’s revealed from that far seat of blisses,



Is, the clear fountains’ interchanging kisses,



As gracefully descending, light and thin,



50

Like silver streaks across a dolphin’s fin,



When he upswimmeth from the coral caves,



And sports with half his tail above the waves.



These wonders strange he sees, and many more,



Whose head is pregnant with poetic lore.



Should he upon an evening ramble fare



With forehead to the soothing breezes bare,



Would he naught see but the dark, silent blue



With all its diamonds trembling through and through?



Or the coy moon, when in the waviness



60

Of whitest clouds she does her beauty dress,



And staidly paces higher up, and higher,



Like a sweet nun in holy-day attire?



Ah, yes! much more would start into his sight –



The revelries, and mysteries of night:



And should I ever see them, I will tell you



Such tales as needs must with amazement spell you.



These are the living pleasures of the bard:



But richer far posterity’s award.



What does he murmur with his latest breath,



70

While his proud eye looks through the film of death?



‘What though I leave this dull, and earthly mould,



Yet shall my spirit lofty converse hold



With after times. The patriot shall feel



My stern alarum, and unsheathe his steel;



Or, in the senate thunder out my numbers



To startle princes from their easy slumbers.



The sage will mingle with each moral theme



My happy thoughts sententious; he will teem



With lofty periods when my verses fire him,



80

And then I’ll stoop from heaven to inspire him.



Lays have I left of such a dear delight



That maids will sing them on their bridal night.



Gay villagers, upon a morn of May,



When they have tired their gentle limbs with play,



And formed a snowy circle on the grass,



And placed in midst of all that lovely lass



Who chosen is their queen – with her fine head



Crownèd with flowers purple, white, and red:



For there the lily, and the musk-rose, sighing,



90

Are emblems true of hapless lovers dying.



Between her breasts, that never yet felt trouble,



A bunch of violets full blown, and double,



Serenely sleep: she from a casket takes



A little book and then a joy awakes



About each youthful heart, with stifled cries,



And rubbing of white hands, and sparkling eyes –



For she’s to read a tale of hopes, and fears,



One that I fostered in my youthful years.



The pearls, that on each glistening circlet sleep,



100

Gush ever and anon with silent creep,



Lured by the innocent dimples. To sweet rest



Shall the dear babe, upon its mother’s breast,



Be lulled with songs of mine. Fair world, adieu!



Thy dales, and hills, are fading from my view:



Swiftly I mount, upon wide spreading pinions,



Far from the narrow bounds of thy dominions.



Full joy I feel, while thus I cleave the air,



That my soft verse will charm thy daughters fair,



And warm thy sons!’ Ah, my dear friend and brother,



110

Could I, at once, my mad ambition smother,



For tasting joys like these, sure I should be



Happier, and dearer to society.



At times, ’tis true, I’ve felt relief from pain



When some bright thought has darted through my brain:



Through all that day I’ve felt a greater pleasure



Than if I’d brought to light a hidden treasure.



As to my sonnets, though none else should heed them,



I feel delighted, still, that you should read them.



Of late, too, I have had much calm enjoyment,



120

Stretched on the grass at my best loved employment



Of scribbling lines for you. These things I thought



While, in my face, the freshest breeze I caught.



E’en now I’m pillowed on a bed of flowers



That crowns a lofty clift, which proudly towers



Above the ocean-waves. The stalks, and blades,



Chequer my tablet with their quivering shades.



On one side is a field of drooping oats,



Through which the poppies show their scarlet coats,



So pert and useless, that they bring to mind



130

The scarlet coats that pester human-kind.



And on the other side, outspread, is seen



Ocean’s blue mantle streaked with purple, and green.



Now ’tis I see a canvassed ship, and now



Mark the bright silver curling round her prow.



I see the lark down-dropping to his nest



And the broad winged sea-gull never at rest;



For when no more he spreads his feathers free,



His breast is dancing on the restless sea.



Now I direct my eyes into the west,



140

Which at this moment is in sunbeams dressed:



Why westward turn? ’Twas but to say adieu!



’Twas but to kiss my hand, dear George, to you!





To Charles Cowden Clarke


Oft have you seen a swan superbly frowning,



And with proud breast his own white shadow crowning;



He slants his neck beneath the waters bright



So silently, it seems a beam of light



Come from the galaxy: anon he sports –



With outspread wings the Naiad Zephyr courts,



Or ruffles all the surface of the lake



In striving from its crystal face to take



Some diamond water drops, and them to treasure



10

In milky nest, and sip them off at leisure.



But not a moment can he there insure them,



Nor to such downy rest can he allure them;



For down they rush as though they would be free,



And drop like hours into eternity.



Just like that bird am I in loss of time,



Whene’er I venture on the stream of rhyme;



With shattered boat, oar snapped, and canvas rent



I slowly sail, scarce knowing my intent;



Still scooping up the water with my fingers,



20

In which a trembling diamond never lingers.



By this, friend Charles, you may full plainly see



Why I have never penned a line to thee:



Because my thoughts were never free, and clear,



And little fit to please a classic ear;



Because my wine was of too poor a savour



For one whose palate gladdens in the flavour



Of sparkling Helicon – small good it were



To take him to a desert rude, and bare,



Who had on Baiae’s shore reclined at ease,



30

While Tasso’s page was floating in a breeze



That gave soft music from Armida’s bowers,



Mingled with fragrance from her rarest flowers:



Small good to one who had by Mulla’s stream



Fondled the maidens with the breasts of cream;



Who had beheld Belphoebe in a brook,



And lovely Una in a leafy nook,



And Archimago leaning o’er his book:



Who had of all that’s sweet tasted, and seen,



From silvery ripple, up to beauty’s queen;



40

From the sequestered haunts of gay Titania,



To the blue dwelling of divine Urania :



One, who, of late, had ta’en sweet forest walks



With him who elegantly chats, and talks –



The wronged Libertas – who has told you stories



Of laurel chaplets, and Apollo’s glories;



Of troops chivalrous prancing through a city,



And tearful ladies made for love, and pity:



With many else which I have never known.



Thus have I thought; and days on days have flown



50

Slowly, or rapidly – unwilling still



For you to try my dull, unlearned quill.



Nor should I now, but that I’ve known you long,



That you first taught me all the sweets of song:



The grand, the sweet, the terse, the free, the fine;



What swelled with pathos, and what right divine;



Spenserian vowels that elope with ease,



And float along like birds o’er summer seas;



Miltonian storms, and more, Miltonian tenderness;



Michael in arms, and more, meek Eve’s fair slenderness.



60

Who read for me the sonnet swelling loudly



Up to its climax and then dying proudly?



Who found for me the grandeur of the ode,



Growing, like Atlas, stronger from its load?



Who let me taste that more than cordial dram,



The sharp, the rapier-pointed epigram?



Showed me that epic was of all the king,



Round, vast, and spanning all like Saturn’s ring?



You too upheld the veil from Clio’s beauty,



And pointed out the patriot’s stern duty;



70

The might of Alfred, and the shaft of Tell;



The hand of Brutus, that so grandly fell



Upon a tyrant’s head. Ah! had I never seen,



Or known your kindness, what might I have been?



What my enjoyments in my youthful years,



Bereft of all that now my life endears?



And can I e’er these benefits forget?



And can I e’er repay the friendly debt?



No, doubly no – yet should these rhymings please,



I shall roll on the grass with two-fold ease:



80

For I have long time been my fancy feeding



With hopes that you would one day think the reading



Of my rough verses not an hour misspent;



Should it e’er be so, what a rich content!



Some weeks have passed since last I saw the spires



In lucent Thames reflected – warm desires



To see the sun o’er-peep the eastern dimness,



And morning shadows streaking into slimness



Across the lawny fields, and pebbly water;



To mark the time as they grow broad, and shorter;



90

To feel the air that plays about the hills,



And sips its freshness from the little rills;



To see high, golden corn wave in the light



When Cynthia smiles upon a summer’s night,



And peers among the cloudlets jet and white,



As though she were reclining in a bed



Of bean blossoms, in heaven freshly shed –



No sooner had I stepped into these pleasures



Than I began to think of rhymes and measures:



The air that floated by me seemed to say



100

‘Write! thou wilt never have a better day.’



And so I did. When many lines I’d written,



Though with their grace I was not oversmitten,



Yet, as my hand was warm, I thought I’d better



Trust to my feelings, and write you a letter.



Such an attempt required an inspiration



Of a peculiar sort – a consummation –



Which, had I felt, these scribblings might have been



Verses from which the soul would never wean:



But many days have passed since last my heart



110

Was warmed luxuriously by divine Mozart,



By Arne delighted, or by Handel maddened,



Or by the song of Erin pierced and saddened,



What time you were before the music sitting,



And the rich notes to each sensation fitting.



Since I have walked with you through shady lanes



That freshly terminate in open plains,



And revelled in a chat that ceasèd not



When at night-fall among your books we got:



No, nor when supper came, nor after that –



120

Nor when reluctantly I took my hat;



No, nor till cordially you shook my hand



Mid-way between our homes. Your accents bland



Still sounded in my ears, when I no more



Could hear your footsteps touch the gravelly floor.



Sometimes I lost them, and then found again;



You changed the footpath for the grassy plain.



In those still moments I have wished you joys



That well you know to honour – ‘Life’s very toys



With him,’ said I, ‘will take a pleasant charm;



130

It cannot be that aught will work him harm.’



These thoughts now come o’er me with all their might –



Again I shake your hand – friend Charles, good night.





‘How many bards gild the lapses of time!’


How many bards gild the lapses of time!



A few of them have ever been the food



Of my delighted fancy – I could brood



Over their beauties, earthly, or sublime:



And often, when I sit me down to rhyme,



These will in throngs before my mind intrude:



But no confusion, no disturbance rude



Do they occasion; ’tis a pleasing chime.



So the unnumbered sounds that evening store;



10

The songs of birds, the whispering of the leaves,



The voice of waters, the great bell that heaves



With solemn sound, and thousand others more,



That distance of recognizance bereaves,



Make pleasing music, and not wild uproar.





On First Looking into Chapman’s Homer


Much have I travelled in the realms of gold,



And many goodly states and kingdoms seen;



Round many western islands have I been



Which bards in fealty to Apollo hold.



Oft of one wide expanse had I been told



That deep-browed Homer ruled as his demesne;



Yet did I never breathe its pure serene



Till I heard Chapman speak out loud and bold:



Then felt I like some watcher of the skies



10

When a new planet swims into his ken;



Or like stout Cortez when with eagle eyes



He stared at the Pacific – and all his men



Looked at each other with a wild surmise –



Silent, upon a peak in Darien.





To a Young Lady who sent me a Laurel Crown


Fresh morning gusts have blown away all fear



From my glad bosom: now from gloominess



I mount for ever – not an atom less



Than the proud laurel shall content my bier.



No! by the eternal stars! or why sit here



In the Sun’s eye, and ’gainst my temples press



Apollo’s very leaves, woven to bless



By thy white fingers and thy spirit clear.



Lo! who dares say, ‘Do this’? Who dares call down



10

My will from its high purpose? Who say, ‘Stand’,



Or ‘Go’? This very moment I would frown



On abject Caesars – not the stoutest band



Of mailed heroes should tear off my crown:



Yet would I kneel and kiss thy gentle hand!





On Leaving some Friends at an Early Hour


Give me a golden pen, and let me lean



On heaped up flowers, in regions clear, and far;



Bring me a tablet whiter than a star,



Or hand of hymning angel, when ’tis seen



The silver strings of heavenly harp atween:



And let there glide by many a pearly car,



Pink robes, and wavy hair, and diamond jar,



And half-discovered wings, and glances keen.



The while let music wander round my ears,



10

And as it reaches each delicious ending,



Let me write down a line of glorious tone,



And full of many wonders of the spheres:



For what a height my spirit is contending!



’Tis not content so soon to be alone.





‘Keen, fitful gusts are whispering here and there’


Keen, fitful gusts are whispering here and there



Among the bushes half leafless, and dry;



The stars look very cold about the sky,



And I have many miles on foot to fare.



Yet feel I little of the cool bleak air,



Or of the dead leaves rustling drearily,



Or of those silver lamps that burn on high,



Or of the distance from home’s pleasant lair:



For I am brimful of the friendliness



10

That in a little cottage I have found;



Of fair-haired Milton’s eloquent distress,



And all his love for gentle Lycid drowned;



Of lovely Laura in her light green dress,



And faithful Petrarch gloriously crowned.





Addressed to Haydon


Highmindedness, a jealousy for good,



A loving-kindness for the great man’s fame,



Dwells here and there with people of no name,



In noisome alley, and in pathless wood:



And where we think the truth least understood,



Oft may be found a ‘singleness of aim’,



That ought to frighten into hooded shame



A money-mongering, pitiable brood.



How glorious this affection for the cause



10

Of steadfast genius, toiling gallantly!



What when a stout unbending champion awes



Envy, and Malice to their native sty?



Unnumbered souls breathe out a still applause,



Proud to behold him in his country’s eye.





To my Brothers


Small, busy flames play through the fresh-laid coals,



And their faint cracklings o’er our silence creep



Like whispers of the household gods that keep



A gentle empire o’er fraternal souls.



And while, for rhymes, I search around the poles,



Your eyes are fixed, as in poetic sleep,



Upon the lore so voluble and deep,



That aye at fall of night our care condoles.



This is your birth-day Tom, and I rejoice



10

That thus it passes smoothly, quietly.



Many such eves of gently whispering noise



May we together pass, and calmly try



What are this world’s true joys – ere the great voice,



From its fair face, shall bid our spirits fly.





Addressed to [Haydon]


Great spirits now on earth are sojourning;



He of the cloud, the cataract, the lake,



Who on Helvellyn’s summit, wide awake,



Catches his freshness from Archangel’s wing:



He of the rose, the violet, the spring,



The social smile, the chain for Freedom’s sake:



And lo! – whose steadfastness would never take



A meaner sound than Raphael’s whispering.



And other spirits there are standing apart



10

Upon the forehead of the age to come;



These, these will give the world another heart,



And other pulses. Hear ye not the hum



Of mighty workings? –



Listen awhile ye nations, and be dumb.





‘I stood tip-toe upon a little hill’


‘Places of nestling green for Poets made’

‘The Story of Rimini’



I stood tip-toe upon a little hill,



The air was cooling, and so very still,



That the sweet buds which with a modest pride



Pull droopingly, in slanting curve aside,



Their scantly leaved, and finely tapering stems,



Had not yet lost those starry diadems



Caught from the early sobbing of the morn.



The clouds were pure and white as flocks new shorn,



And fresh from the clear brook; sweetly they slept



10

On the blue fields of heaven, and then there crept



A little noiseless noise among the leaves,



Born of the very sigh that silence heaves:



For not the faintest motion could be seen



Of all the shades that slanted o’er the green.



There was wide wandering for the greediest eye,



To peer about upon variety;



Far round the horizon’s crystal air to skim,



And trace the dwindled edgings of its brim;



To picture out the quaint, and curious bending



20

Of a fresh woodland alley, never ending;



Or by the bowery clefts, and leafy shelves,



Guess where the jaunty streams refresh themselves.



I gazed awhile, and felt as light, and free



As though the fanning wings of Mercury



Had played upon my heels: I was light-hearted,



And many pleasures to my vision started;



So I straightway began to pluck a posy



Of luxuries bright, milky, soft and rosy.



A bush of May flowers with the bees about them;



30

Ah, sure no tasteful nook would be without them;



And let a lush laburnum oversweep them,



And let long grass grow round the roots to keep them



Moist, cool and green; and shade the violets,



That they may bind the moss in leafy nets.



A filbert hedge with wild briar overtwined,



And clumps of woodbine taking the soft wind



Upon their summer thrones; there too should be



The frequent chequer of a youngling tree,



That with a score of light green brethren shoots



40

From the quaint mossiness of agèd roots:



Round which is heard a spring-head of clear waters



Babbling so wildly of its lovely daughters



The spreading blue-bells – it may haply mourn



That such fair clusters should be rudely torn



From their fresh beds, and scattered thoughtlessly



By infant hands, left on the path to die.



Open afresh your round of starry folds,



Ye ardent marigolds!



Dry up the moisture from your golden lids,



50

For great Apollo bids



That in these days your praises should be sung



On many harps, which he has lately strung;



And when again your dewiness he kisses,



Tell him, I have you in my world of blisses:



So haply when I rove in some far vale,



His mighty voice may come upon the gale.



Here are sweet peas, on tip-toe for a flight:



With wings of gentle flush o’er delicate white,



And taper fingers catching at all things,



60

To bind them all about with tiny rings.



Linger awhile upon some bending planks



That lean against a streamlet’s rushy banks,



And watch intently Nature’s gentle doings:



They will be found softer than ring-dove’s cooings.



How silent comes the water round that bend;



Not the minutest whisper does it send



To the o’erhanging sallows: blades of grass



Slowly across the chequered shadows pass –



Why, you might read two sonnets, ere they reach



70

To where the hurrying freshnesses aye preach



A natural sermon o’er their pebbly beds;



Where swarms of minnows show their little heads,



Staying their wavy bodies ’gainst the streams,



To taste the luxury of sunny beams



Tempered with coolness. How they ever wrestle



With their own sweet delight, and ever nestle



Their silver bellies on the pebbly sand.



If you but scantily hold out the hand,



That very instant not one will remain;



80

But turn your eye, and they are there again.



The ripples seem right glad to reach those cresses,



And cool themselves among the emerald tresses;



The while they cool themselves, they freshness give,



And moisture, that the bowery green may live:



So keeping up an interchange of favours,



Like good men in the truth of their behaviours.



Sometimes goldfinches one by one will drop



From low-hung branches; little space they stop;



But sip, and twitter, and their feathers sleek –



90

Then off at once, as in a wanton freak:



Or perhaps, to show their black, and golden wings,



Pausing upon their yellow flutterings.



Were I in such a place, I sure should pray



That naught less sweet might call my thoughts away,



Than the soft rustle of a maiden’s gown



Fanning away the dandelion’s down;



Than the light music of her nimble toes



Patting against the sorrel as she goes.



How she would start, and blush, thus to be caught



100

Playing in all her innocence of thought.



O let me lead her gently o’er the brook,



Watch her half-smiling lips, and downward look;



O let me for one moment touch her wrist;



Let me one moment to her breathing list;



And as she leaves me may she often turn



Her fair eyes looking through her locks aubùrn.



What next? A tuft of evening primroses,



O’er which the mind may hover till it dozes;



O’er which it well might take a pleasant sleep,



110

But that ’tis ever startled by the leap



Of buds into ripe flowers; or by the flitting



Of diverse moths, that aye their rest are quitting;



Or by the moon lifting her silver rim



Above a cloud, and with a gradual swim



Coming into the blue with all her light.



O Maker of sweet poets, dear delight



Of this fair world, and all its gentle livers;



Spangler of clouds, halo of crystal rivers,



Mingler with leaves, and dew and tumbling streams,



120

Closer of lovely eyes to lovely dreams,



Lover of loneliness, and wandering,



Of upcast eye, and tender pondering!



Thee must I praise above all other glories



That smile us on to tell delightful stories.



For what has made the sage or poet write



But the fair paradise of Nature’s light?



In the calm grandeur of a sober line,



We see the waving of the mountain pine;



And when a tale is beautifully staid,



130

We feel the safety of a hawthorn glade:



When it is moving on luxurious wings,



The soul is lost in pleasant smotherings:



Fair dewy roses brush against our faces,



And flowering laurels spring from diamond vases;



O’er head we see the jasmine and sweet briar,



And bloomy grapes laughing from green attire;



While at our feet, the voice of crystal bubbles



Charms us at once away from all our troubles:



So that we feel uplifted from the world,



140

Walking upon the white clouds wreathed and curled.



So felt he, who first told, how Psyche went



On the smooth wind to realms of wonderment;



What Psyche felt, and Love, when their full lips



First touched; what amorous, and fondling nips



They gave each other’s cheeks; with all their sighs,



And how they kissed each other’s tremulous eyes;



The silver lamp – the ravishment – the wonder –



The darkness – loneliness – the fearful thunder;



Their woes gone by, and both to heaven upflown,



150

To bow for gratitude before Jove’s throne.



So did he feel, who pulled the boughs aside,



That we might look into a forest wide,



To catch a glimpse of Fauns and Dryadès



Coming with softest rustle through the trees,



And garlands woven of flowers wild, and sweet,



Upheld on ivory wrists, or sporting feet:



Telling us how fair, trembling Syrinx fled



Arcadian Pan, with such a fearful dread.



Poor nymph – poor Pan – how he did weep to find,



160

Naught but a lovely sighing of the wind



Along the reedy stream; a half-heard strain,



Full of sweet desolation – balmy pain.



What first inspired a bard of old to sing



Narcissus pining o’er the untainted spring?



In some delicious ramble, he had found



A little space, with boughs all woven round;



And in the midst of all, a clearer pool



Than e’er reflected in its pleasant cool



The blue sky here, and there, serenely peeping



170

Through tendril wreaths fantastically creeping.



And on the bank a lonely flower he spied,



A meek and forlorn flower, with naught of pride,



Drooping its beauty o’er the watery clearness,



To woo its own sad image into nearness:



Deaf to light Zephyrus it would not move;



But still would seem to droop, to pine, to love.



So while the Poet stood in this sweet spot,



Some fainter gleamings o’er his fancy shot;



Nor was it long ere he had told the tale



180

Of young Narcissus, and sad Echo’s bale.



Where had he been, from whose warm head out-flew



That sweetest of all songs, that ever new,



That aye refreshing, pure deliciousness,



Coming ever to bless



The wanderer by moonlight? to him bringing



Shapes from the invisible world, unearthly singing



From out the middle air, from flowery nests,



And from the pillowy silkiness that rests



Full in the speculation of the stars.



190

Ah! surely he had burst our mortal bars;



Into some wondrous region he had gone,



To search for thee, divine Endymion!



He was a Poet, sure a lover too,



Who stood on Latmos’ top, what time there blew



Soft breezes from the myrtle vale below;



And brought in faintness solemn, sweet, and slow



A hymn from Dian’s temple; while upswelling,



The incense went to her own starry dwelling.



But though her face was clear as infant’s eyes,



200

Though she stood smiling o’er the sacrifice,



The Poet wept at her so piteous fate,



Wept that such beauty should be desolate:



So in fine wrath some golden sounds he won,



And gave meek Cynthia her Endymion.



Queen of the wide air! thou most lovely queen



Of all the brightness that mine eyes have seen!



As thou exceedest all things in thy shine,



So every tale, does this sweet tale of thine.



O for three words of honey, that I might



210

Tell but one wonder of thy bridal night!



Where distant ships do seem to show their keels,



Phoebus awhile delayed his mighty wheels,



And turned to smile upon thy bashful eyes,



Ere he his unseen pomp would solemnize.



The evening weather was so bright and clear,



That men of health were of unusual cheer;



Stepping like Homer at the trumpet’s call,



Or young Apollo on the pedestal:



And lovely women were as fair and warm,



220

As Venus looking sideways in alarm.



The breezes were ethereal, and pure,



And crept through half-closed lattices to cure



The languid sick; it cooled their fevered sleep,



And soothed them into slumbers full and deep.



Soon they awoke clear-eyed: nor burnt with thirsting,



Nor with hot fingers, nor with temples bursting:



And springing up, they met the wondering sight



Of their dear friends, nigh foolish with delight;



Who feel their arms, and breasts, and kiss and stare,



230

And on their placid foreheads part the hair.



Young men, and maidens at each other gazed



With hands held back, and motionless, amazed



To see the brightness in each other’s eyes;



And so they stood, filled with a sweet surprise,



Until their tongues were loosed in Poesy.



Therefore no lover did of anguish die:



But the soft numbers, in that moment spoken,



Made silken ties, that never may be broken.



Cynthia! I cannot tell the greater blisses,



240

That followed thine, and thy dear shepherd’s kisses:



Was there a Poet born? – but now no more,



My wandering spirit must no further soar. –





Sleep and Poetry


‘As I lay in my bed slepe full unmete

Was unto me, but why that I ne might

Rest I ne wist, for there n’as earthly wight

[As I suppose] had more of hertis ese

Than I, for I n’ad sicknesse nor disese.’

Chaucer





What is more gentle than a wind in summer?



What is more soothing than the pretty hummer



That stays one moment in an open flower,



And buzzes cheerily from bower to bower?



What is more tranquil than a musk-rose blowing



In a green island, far from all men’s knowing?



More healthful than the leafiness of dales?



More secret than a nest of nightingales?



More serene than Cordelia’s countenance?



10

More full of visions than a high romance?



What, but thee Sleep? Soft closer of our eyes!



Low murmurer of tender lullabies!



Light hoverer around our happy pillows!



Wreather of poppy buds, and weeping willows!



Silent entangler of a beauty’s tresses!



Most happy listener! when the morning blesses



Thee for enlivening all the cheerful eyes



That glance so brightly at the new sun-rise.



But what is higher beyond thought than thee?



20

Fresher than berries of a mountain tree?



More strange, more beautiful, more smooth, more regal,



Than wings of swans, than doves, than dim-seen eagle?



What is it? And to what shall I compare it?



It has a glory, and naught else can share it:



The thought thereof is awful, sweet, and holy,



Chasing away all worldliness and folly;



Coming sometimes like fearful claps of thunder,



Or the low rumblings earth’s regions under;



And sometimes like a gentle whispering



30

Of all the secrets of some wondrous thing



That breathes about us in the vacant air;



So that we look around with prying stare,



Perhaps to see shapes of light, aërial limning,



And catch soft floatings from a faint-heard hymning,



To see the laurel wreath, on high suspended,



That is to crown our name when life is ended.



Sometimes it gives a glory to the voice,



And from the heart up-springs, ‘Rejoice! Rejoice!’ –



Sounds which will reach the Framer of all things,



40

And die away in ardent mutterings.



No one who once the glorious sun has seen,



And all the clouds, and felt his bosom clean



For his great Maker’s presence, but must know



What ’tis I mean, and feel his being glow:



Therefore no insult will I give his spirit,



By telling what he sees from native merit.



O Poesy! for thee I hold my pen



That am not yet a glorious denizen



Of thy wide heaven – Should I rather kneel



50

Upon some mountain-top until I feel



A glowing splendour round about me hung,



And echo back the voice of thine own tongue?



O Poesy! for thee I grasp my pen



That am not yet a glorious denizen



Of thy wide heaven; yet, to my ardent prayer,



Yield from thy sanctuary some clear air,



Smoothed for intoxication by the breath



Of flowering bays, that I may die a death



Of luxury, and my young spirit follow



60

The morning sunbeams to the great Apollo



Like a fresh sacrifice; or, if I can bear



The o’erwhelming sweets, ’twill bring to me the fair



Visions of all places: a bowery nook



Will be elysium – an eternal book



Whence I may copy many a lovely saying



About the leaves, and flowers – about the playing



Of nymphs in woods, and fountains; and the shade



Keeping a silence round a sleeping maid;



And many a verse from so strange influence



70

That we must ever wonder how, and whence



It came. Also imaginings will hover



Round my fire-side, and haply there discover



Vistas of solemn beauty, where I’d wander



In happy silence, like the clear Meander



Through its lone vales; and where I found a spot



Of awfuller shade, or an enchanted grot,



Or a green hill o’erspread with chequered dress



Of flowers, and fearful from its loveliness,



Write on my tablets all that was permitted,



80

All that was for our human senses fitted.



Then the events of this wide world I’d seize



Like a strong giant, and my spirit tease



Till at its shoulders it should proudly see



Wings to find out an immortality.



Stop and consider! life is but a day;



A fragile dew-drop on its perilous way



From a tree’s summit; a poor Indian’s sleep



While his boat hastens to the monstrous steep



Of Montmorenci. Why so sad a moan?



90

Life is the rose’s hope while yet unblown;



The reading of an ever-changing tale;



The light uplifting of a maiden’s veil;



A pigeon tumbling in clear summer air;



A laughing school-boy, without grief or care,



Riding the springy branches of an elm.



O for ten years, that I may overwhelm



Myself in poesy; so I may do the deed



That my own soul has to itself decreed.



Then will I pass the countries that I see



100

In long perspective, and continually



Taste their pure fountains. First the realm I’ll pass



Of Flora, and old Pan: sleep in the grass,



Feed upon apples red, and strawberries,



And choose each pleasure that my fancy sees;



Catch the white-handed nymphs in shady places,



To woo sweet kisses from averted faces –



Play with their fingers, touch their shoulders white



Into a pretty shrinking with a bite



As hard as lips can make it, till, agreed,



110

A lovely tale of human life we’ll read.



And one will teach a tame dove how it best



May fan the cool air gently o’er my rest;



Another, bending o’er her nimble tread,



Will set a green robe floating round her head,



And still will dance with ever varied ease,



Smiling upon the flowers and the trees:



Another will entice me on, and on



Through almond blossoms and rich cinnamon;



Till in the bosom of a leafy world



120

We rest in silence, like two gems upcurled



In the recesses of a pearly shell.



And can I ever bid these joys farewell?



Yes, I must pass them for a nobler life,



Where I may find the agonies, the strife



Of human hearts – for lo! I see afar,



O’er-sailing the blue cragginess, a car



And steeds with streamy manes – the charioteer



Looks out upon the winds with glorious fear:



And now the numerous tramplings quiver lightly



130

Along a huge cloud’s ridge; and now with sprightly



Wheel downward come they into fresher skies,



Tipped round with silver from the sun’s bright eyes.



Still downward with capacious whirl they glide;



And now I see them on a green-hill’s side



In breezy rest among the nodding stalks.



The charioteer with wondrous gesture talks



To the trees and mountains; and there soon appear



Shapes of delight, of mystery, and fear,



Passing along before a dusky space



140

Made by some mighty oaks: as they would chase



Some ever-fleeting music on they sweep.



Lo! how they murmur, laugh, and smile, and weep –



Some with upholden hand and mouth severe;



Some with their faces muffled to the ear



Between their arms; some, clear in youthful bloom,



Go glad and smilingly athwart the gloom;



Some looking back, and some with upward gaze;



Yes, thousands in a thousand different ways



Flit onward – now a lovely wreath of girls



150

Dancing their sleek hair into tangled curls;



And now broad wings. Most awfully intent



The driver of those steeds is forward bent,



And seems to listen: O that I might know



All that he writes with such a hurrying glow.



The visions all are fled – the car is fled



Into the light of heaven, and in their stead



A sense of real things comes doubly strong,



And, like a muddy stream, would bear along



My soul to nothingness: but I will strive



160

Against all doubtings, and will keep alive



The thought of that same chariot, and the strange



Journey it went.



Is there so small a range



In the present strength of manhood, that the high



Imagination cannot freely fly



As she was wont of old? Prepare her steeds,



Paw up against the light, and do strange deeds



Upon the clouds? Has she not shown us all?



From the clear space of ether, to the small



Breath of new buds unfolding? From the meaning



170

Of Jove’s large eye-brow, to the tender greening



Of April meadows? Here her altar shone,



E’en in this isle; and who could paragon



The fervid choir that lifted up a noise



Of harmony, to where it aye will poise



Its mighty self of convoluting sound,



Huge as a planet, and like that roll round,



Eternally around a dizzy void?



Ay, in those days the Muses were nigh cloyed



With honours; nor had any other care



180

Than to sing out and soothe their wavy hair.



Could all this be forgotten? Yes, a schism



Nurtured by foppery and barbarism,



Made great Apollo blush for this his land.



Men were thought wise who could not understand



His glories: with a puling infant’s force



They swayed about upon a rocking horse,



And thought it Pegasus. Ah, dismal souled!



The winds of heaven blew, the ocean rolled



Its gathering waves – ye felt it not. The blue



190

Bared its eternal bosom, and the dew



Of summer nights collected still to make



The morning precious: beauty was awake!



Why were ye not awake? But ye were dead



To things ye knew not of – were closely wed



To musty laws lined out with wretched rule



And compass vile: so that ye taught a school



Of dolts to smooth, inlay, and clip, and fit,



Till, like the certain wands of Jacob’s wit,



Their verses tallied. Easy was the task:



200

A thousand handicraftsmen wore the mask



Of Poesy. Ill-fated, impious race!



That blasphemed the bright Lyrist to his face,



And did not know it! No, they went about,



Holding a poor, decrepit standard out



Marked with most flimsy mottoes, and in large



The name of one Boileau!



O ye whose charge



It is to hover round our pleasant hills!



Whose congregated majesty so fills



My boundly reverence, that I cannot trace



210

Your hallowed names, in this unholy place,



So near those common folk – did not their shames



Affright you? Did our old lamenting Thames



Delight you? Did ye never cluster round



Delicious Avon, with a mournful sound,



And weep? Or did ye wholly bid adieu



To regions where no more the laurel grew?



Or did ye stay to give a welcoming



To some lone spirits who could proudly sing



Their youth away, and die? ’Twas even so.



220

But let me think away those times of woe:



Now ’tis a fairer season; ye have breathed



Rich benedictions o’er us; ye have wreathed



Fresh garlands: for sweet music has been heard



In many places – some has been upstirred



From out its crystal dwelling in a lake,



By a swan’s ebon bill; from a thick brake,



Nested and quiet in a valley mild,



Bubbles a pipe – fine sounds are floating wild



About the earth: happy are ye and glad.



230

These things are doubtless: yet in truth we’ve had



Strange thunders from the potency of song;



Mingled indeed with what is sweet and strong,



From majesty: but in clear truth the themes



Are ugly clubs, the poets Polyphemes



Disturbing the grand sea. A drainless shower



Of light is Poesy; ’tis the supreme of power;



’Tis might half-slumbering on its own right arm.



The very archings of her eye-lids charm



A thousand willing agents to obey,



240

And still she governs with the mildest sway:



But strength alone, though of the Muses born,



Is like a fallen angel: trees uptorn,



Darkness, and worms, and shrouds, and sepulchres



Delight it; for it feeds upon the burrs,



And thorns of life; forgetting the great end



Of Poesy, that it should be a friend



To soothe the cares, and lift the thoughts of man.



Yet I rejoice: a myrtle fairer than



E’er grew in Paphos, from the bitter weeds



250

Lifts its sweet head into the air, and feeds



A silent space with ever sprouting green.



All tenderest birds there find a pleasant screen,



Creep through the shade with jaunty fluttering,



Nibble the little cuppèd flowers and sing.



Then let us clear away the choking thorns



From round its gentle stem; let the young fawns,



Yeaned in after times, when we are flown,



Find a fresh sward beneath it, overgrown



With simple flowers: let there nothing be



260

More boisterous than a lover’s bended knee;



Naught more ungentle than the placid look



Of one who leans upon a closèd book;



Naught more untranquil than the grassy slopes



Between two hills. All hail delightful hopes!



As she was wont, th’ imagination



Into most lovely labyrinths will be gone,



And they shall be accounted poet-kings



Who simply tell the most heart-easing things.



O may these joys be ripe before I die.



270

Will not some say that I presumptuously



Have spoken? that from hastening disgrace



‘Twere better far to hide my foolish face?



That whining boyhood should with reverence bow



Ere the dread thunderbolt could reach? How!



If I do hide myself, it sure shall be



In the very fane, the light of Poesy:



If I do fall, at least I will be laid



Beneath the silence of a poplar shade;



And over me the grass shall be smooth-shaven;



280

And there shall be a kind memorial graven.



But off, Despondence! miserable bane!



They should not know thee, who, athirst to gain



A noble end, are thirsty every hour.



What though I am not wealthy in the dower



Of spanning wisdom; though I do not know



The shiftings of the mighty winds that blow



Hither and thither all the changing thoughts



Of man: though no great minist’ring reason sorts



Out the dark mysteries of human souls



290

To clear conceiving – yet there ever rolls



A vast idea before me, and I glean



Therefrom my liberty; thence too I’ve seen



The end and aim of Poesy. ’Tis clear



As any thing most true; as that the year



Is made of the four seasons – manifest



As a large cross, some old cathedral’s crest,



Lifted to the white clouds. Therefore should I



Be but the essence of deformity,



A coward, did my very eye-lids wink



300

At speaking out what I have dared to think.



Ah! rather let me like a madman run



Over some precipice! let the hot sun



Melt my Dedalian wings, and drive me down



Convulsed and headlong! Stay! an inward frown



Of conscience bids me be more calm awhile.



An ocean dim, sprinkled with many an isle,



Spreads awfully before me. How much toil!



How many days! what desperate turmoil!



Ere I can have explored its widenesses.



310

Ah, what a task! upon my bended knees,



I could unsay those – no, impossible!



Impossible!



For sweet relief I’ll dwell



On humbler thoughts, and let this strange assay



Begun in gentleness die so away.



E’en now all tumult from my bosom fades:



I turn full-hearted to the friendly aids



That smooth the path of honour; brotherhood,



And friendliness the nurse of mutual good.



The hearty grasp that sends a pleasant sonnet



320

Into the brain ere one can think upon it;



The silence when some rhymes are coming out;



And when they’re come, the very pleasant rout:



The message certain to be done to-morrow –



’Tis perhaps as well that it should be to borrow



Some precious book from out its snug retreat,



To cluster round it when we next shall meet.



Scarce can I scribble on; for lovely airs



Are fluttering round the room like doves in pairs;



Many delights of that glad day recalling,



330

When first my senses caught their tender falling.



And with these airs come forms of elegance



Stooping their shoulders o’er a horse’s prance,



Careless, and grand – fingers soft and round



Parting luxuriant curls – and the swift bound



Of Bacchus from his chariot, when his eye



Made Ariadne’s cheek look blushingly.



Thus I remember all the pleasant flow



Of words at opening a portfolio.



Things such as these are ever harbingers



340

To trains of peaceful images: the stirs



Of a swan’s neck unseen among the rushes;



A linnet starting all about the bushes;



A butterfly, with golden wings broad parted,



Nestling a rose, convulsed as though it smarted



With over-pleasure – many, many more,



Might I indulge at large in all my store



Of luxuries: yet I must not forget



Sleep, quiet with his poppy coronet,



For what there may be worthy in these rhymes



350

I partly owe to him: and thus, the chimes



Of friendly voices had just given place



To as sweet a silence, when I ’gan retrace



The pleasant day, upon a couch at ease.



It was a poet’s house who keeps the keys



Of Pleasure’s temple. Round about were hung



The glorious features of the bards who sung



In other ages – cold and sacred busts



Smiled at each other. Happy he who trusts



To clear Futurity his darling fame!



360

Then there were fauns and satyrs taking aim



At swelling apples with a frisky leap



And reaching fingers, ’mid a luscious heap



Of vine leaves. Then there rose to view a fane



Of liny marble, and thereto a train



Of nymphs approaching fairly o’er the sward:



One, loveliest, holding her white hand toward



The dazzling sun-rise: two sisters sweet



Bending their graceful figures till they meet



Over the trippings of a little child:



370

And some are hearing, eagerly, the wild



Thrilling liquidity of dewy piping.



See, in another picture, nymphs are wiping



Cherishingly Diana’s timorous limbs –



A fold of lawny mantle dabbling swims



At the bath’s edge, and keeps a gentle motion



With the subsiding crystal, as when ocean



Heaves calmly its broad swelling smoothness o’er



Its rocky marge, and balances once more



The patient weeds, that now unshent by foam



380

Feel all about their undulating home.



Sappho’s meek head was there half smiling down



At nothing; just as though the earnest frown



Of over-thinking had that moment gone



From off her brow, and left her all alone.



Great Alfred’s too, with anxious, pitying eyes,



As if he always listened to the sighs



Of the goaded world; and Kosciusko’s worn



By horrid sufferance – mightily forlorn.



Petrarch, outstepping from the shady green,



390

Starts at the sight of Laura; nor can wean



His eyes from her sweet face. Most happy they!



For over them was seen a free display



Of out-spread wings, and from between them shone



The face of Poesy: from off her throne



She overlooked things that I scarce could tell.



The very sense of where I was might well



Keep Sleep aloof: but more than that there came



Thought after thought to nourish up the flame



Within my breast; so that the morning light



400

Surprised me even from a sleepless night;



And up I rose refreshed, and glad, and gay,



Resolving to begin that very day



These lines; and howsoever they be done,



I leave them as a father does his son.





Written in Disgust of Vulgar Superstition


The church bells toll a melancholy round,



Calling the people to some other prayers,



Some other gloominess, more dreadful cares,



More hearkening to the sermon’s horrid sound.



Surely the mind of man is closely bound



In some black spell; seeing that each one tears



Himself from fireside joys, and Lydian airs,



And converse high of those with glory crowned.



Still, still they toll, and I should feel a damp –



10

A chill as from a tomb – did I not know



That they are dying like an outburnt lamp;



That ’tis their sighing, wailing ere they go



Into oblivion – that fresh flowers will grow,



And many glories of immortal stamp.





On the Grasshopper and Cricket


The poetry of earth is never dead:



When all the birds are faint with the hot sun,



And hide in cooling trees, a voice will run



From hedge to hedge about the new-mown mead –



That is the Grasshopper’s. He takes the lead



In summer luxury; he has never done



With his delights, for when tired out with fun



He rests at ease beneath some pleasant weed.



The poetry of earth is ceasing never:



10

On a lone winter evening, when the frost



Has wrought a silence, from the stove there shrills



The Cricket’s song, in warmth increasing ever,



And seems to one in drowsiness half lost,



The Grasshopper’s among some grassy hills.





To Kosciusko


Good Kosciusko, thy great name alone



Is a full harvest whence to reap high feeling;



It comes upon us like the glorious pealing



Of the wide spheres – an everlasting tone.



And now it tells me, that in worlds unknown,



The names of heroes burst from clouds concealing,



And change to harmonies, for ever stealing



Through cloudless blue, and round each silver throne.



It tells me too, that on a happy day,



10

When some good spirit walks upon the earth,



Thy name with Alfred’s and the great of yore



Gently commingling, gives tremendous birth



To a loud hymn, that sounds far, far away



To where the great God lives for evermore.





To G[eorgiana] A[ugusta] W[ylie]


Nymph of the downward smile, and sidelong glance,



In what diviner moments of the day



Art thou most lovely? – When gone far astray



Into the labyrinths of sweet utterance?



Or when serenely wandering in a trance



Of sober thought? – Or when starting away,



With careless robe, to meet the morning ray,



Thou spar’st the flowers in thy mazy dance?



Haply ’tis when thy ruby lips part sweetly,



10

And so remain, because thou listenest:



But thou to please wert nurtured so completely



That I can never tell what mood is best.



I shall as soon pronounce which Grace more neatly



Trips it before Apollo than the rest.





‘Happy is England! I could be content’


Happy is England! I could be content



To see no other verdure than its own;



To feel no other breezes than are blown



Through its tall woods with high romances blent:



Yet do I sometimes feel a languishment



For skies Italian, and an inward groan



To sit upon an Alp as on a throne,



And half forget what world or worldling meant.



Happy is England, sweet her artless daughters;



10

Enough their simple loveliness for me,



Enough their whitest arms in silence clinging:



Yet do I often warmly burn to see



Beauties of deeper glance, and hear their singing,



And float with them about the summer waters.





‘After dark vapours have oppressed our plains’


After dark vapours have oppressed our plains



For a long dreary season, comes a day



Born of the gentle South, and clears away



From the sick heavens all unseemly stains.



The anxious month, relieving from its pains,



Takes as a long-lost right the feel of May,



The eyelids with the passing coolness play,



Like rose leaves with the drip of summer rains.



And calmest thoughts come round us – as of leaves



10

Budding – fruit ripening in stillness – autumn suns



Smiling at eve upon the quiet sheaves –



Sweet Sappho’s cheek – a sleeping infant’s breath –



The gradual sand that through an hour-glass runs –



A woodland rivulet – a Poet’s death.





To Leigh Hunt, Esq.


Glory and loveliness have passed away;



For if we wander out in early morn,



No wreathèd incense do we see upborne



Into the east, to meet the smiling day:



No crowd of nymphs soft voiced and young, and gay,



In woven baskets bringing ears of corn,



Roses, and pinks, and violets, to adorn



The shrine of Flora in her early May.



But there are left delights as high as these,



10

And I shall ever bless my destiny,



That in a time, when under pleasant trees



Pan is no longer sought, I feel a free,



A leafy luxury, seeing I could please



With these poor offerings, a man like thee.





Written on a Blank Space at the End of Chaucer’s Tale of The Floure and the Leafe


This pleasant tale is like a little copse:



The honeyed lines do freshly interlace



To keep the reader in so sweet a place,



So that he here and there full-hearted stops;



And oftentimes he feels the dewy drops



Come cool and suddenly against his face,



And by the wandering melody may trace



Which way the tender-leggèd linnet hops.



Oh! what a power has white simplicity!



10

What mighty power has this gentle story!



I that do ever feel athirst for glory



Could at this moment be content to lie



Meekly upon the grass, as those whose sobbings



Were heard of none beside the mournful robins.





On Receiving a Laurel Crown from Leigh Hunt


Minutes are flying swiftly, and as yet



Nothing unearthly has enticed my brain



Into a delphic labyrinth – I would fain



Catch an immortal thought to pay the debt



I owe to the kind poet who has set



Upon my ambitious head a glorious gain.



Two bending laurel sprigs – ’tis nearly pain



To be conscious of such a coronet.



Still time is fleeting, and no dream arises



10

Gorgeous as I would have it; only I see



A trampling down of what the world most prizes,



Turbans and crowns, and blank regality –



And then I run into most wild surmises



Of all the many glories that may be.





To the Ladies who Saw Me Crowned


What is there in the universal Earth



More lovely than a wreath from the bay tree?



Haply a halo round the moon – a glee



Circling from three sweet pair of lips in mirth;



And haply you will say the dewy birth



Of morning roses – ripplings tenderly



Spread by the halcyon’s breath upon the sea –



But these comparisons are nothing worth.



Then is there nothing in the world so fair?



10

The silvery tears of April? Youth of May?



Or June that breathes out life for butterflies?



No – none of these can from my favourite bear



Away the palm – yet shall it ever pay



Due reverence to your most sovereign eyes.





Ode to Apollo


God of the golden bow,



And of the golden lyre,



And of the golden hair,



And of the golden fire,



Charioteer



Round the patient year,



Where – where slept thine ire,



When like a blank idiot I put on thy wreath,



Thy laurel, thy glory,



10

The light of thy story,



Or was I a worm – too low-creeping, for death?



O Delphic Apollo!



The Thunderer grasped and grasped,



The Thunderer frowned and frowned;



The eagle’s feathery mane



For wrath became stiffened – the sound



Of breeding thunder



Went drowsily under,



Muttering to be unbound.



20

O why didst thou pity, and beg for a worm?



Why touch thy soft lute



Till the thunder was mute,



Why was I not crush’d – such a pitiful germ?



O Delphic Apollo!



The Pleiades were up,



Watching the silent air;



The seeds and roots in Earth



Were swelling for summer fare;



The Ocean, its neighbour,



30

Was at his old labour,



When, who – who did dare



To tie for a moment thy plant round his brow,



And grin and look proudly,



And blaspheme so loudly,



And live for that honour, to stoop to thee now?



O Delphic Apollo!





On Seeing the Elgin Marbles


My spirit is too weak – mortality



Weighs heavily on me like unwilling sleep,



And each imagined pinnacle and steep



Of godlike hardship, tells me I must die



Like a sick Eagle looking at the sky.



Yet ’tis a gentle luxury to weep



That I have not the cloudy winds to keep



Fresh for the opening of the morning’s eye.



Such dim-conceivèd glories of the brain



10

Bring round the heart an undescribable feud;



So do these wonders a most dizzy pain,



That mingles Grecian grandeur with the rude



Wasting of old Time – with a billowy main –



A sun – a shadow of a magnitude.





To B. R. Haydon, with a Sonnet Written on Seeing the Elgin Marbles


Haydon! forgive me that I cannot speak



Definitively on these mighty things;



Forgive me that I have not Eagle’s wings –



That what I want I know not where to seek:



And think that I would not be over-meek



In rolling out up-followed thunderings,



Even to the steep of Heliconian springs,



Were I of ample strength for such a freak –



Think too, that all those numbers should be thine;



10

Whose else? In this who touch thy vesture’s hem?



For when men stared at what was most divine



With browless idiotism – o’erwise phlegm –



Thou hadst beheld the Hesperian shine



Of their star in the East, and gone to worship them.





On The Story of Rimini


Who loves to peer up at the morning sun,



With half-shut eyes and comfortable cheek,



Let him, with this sweet tale, full often seek



For meadows where the little rivers run;



Who loves to linger with that brightest one



Of Heaven – Hesperus – let him lowly speak



These numbers to the night, and starlight meek,



Or moon, if that her hunting be begun.



He who knows these delights, and too is prone



10

To moralise upon a smile or tear,



Will find at once a region of his own,



A bower for his spirit, and will steer



To alleys, where the fir-tree drops its cone,



Where robins hop, and fallen leaves are sear.





On a Leander Gem which Miss Reynolds, my Kind Friend, Gave Me


Come hither all sweet maidens soberly,



Down-looking – ay, and with a chastened light



Hid in the fringes of your eyelids white,



And meekly let your fair hands joinèd be.



Are ye so gentle that ye could not see,



Untouched, a victim of your beauty bright –



Sinking away to his young spirit’s night,



Sinking bewildered ’mid the dreary sea:



’Tis young Leander toiling to his death.



10

Nigh swooning, he doth purse his weary lips



For Hero’s cheek, and smiles against her smile.



O horrid dream! see how his body dips



Dead-heavy; arms and shoulders gleam awhile:



He’s gone: up bubbles all his amorous breath!





On the Sea


It keeps eternal whisperings around



Desolate shores, and with its mighty swell



Gluts twice ten thousand caverns, till the spell



Of Hecate leaves them their old shadowy sound.



Often ’tis in such gentle temper found,



That scarcely will the very smallest shell



Be moved for days from where it sometime fell,



When last the winds of Heaven were unbound.



Oh ye! who have your eye-balls vexed and tired,



10

Feast them upon the wideness of the Sea –



Oh ye! whose ears are dinned with uproar rude,



Or fed too much with cloying melody –



Sit ye near some old cavern’s mouth and brood



Until ye start, as if the sea-nymphs quired!





Lines


Unfelt, unheard, unseen,



I’ve left my little queen,



Her languid arms in silver slumber lying:



Ah! through their nestling touch,



Who – who could tell how much



There is for madness – cruel, or complying?



Those faery lids how sleek!



Those lips how moist! – they speak,



In ripest quiet, shadows of sweet sounds:



10

Into my fancy’s ear



Melting a burden dear,



How ‘Love doth know no fullness nor no bounds.’



True! – tender monitors!



I bend unto your laws:



This sweetest day for dalliance was born!



So, without more ado,



I’ll feel my heaven anew,



For all the blushing of the hasty morn.





Stanzas


I



You say you love; but with a voice



Chaster than a nun’s, who singeth



The soft Vespers to herself



While the chime-bell ringeth –



O love me truly!



II



You say you love; but with a smile



Cold as sunrise in September,



As you were Saint Cupid’s nun,



And kept his weeks of Ember.



10

O love me truly!



III



You say you love – but then your lips



Coral tinted teach no blisses



More than coral in the sea –



They never pout for kisses –



O love me truly!



IV



You say you love; but then your hand



No soft squeeze for squeeze returneth,



It is like a statue’s, dead –



While mine for passion burneth –



20

O love me truly!



V



O breathe a word or two of fire!



Smile, as if those words should burn me,



Squeeze as lovers should – O kiss



And in thy heart inurn me!



O love me truly!





‘Hither, hither, love –’


Hither, hither, love –



’Tis a shady mead –



Hither, hither, love,



Let us feed and feed!



Hither, hither, sweet –



’Tis a cowslip bed –



Hither, hither, sweet!



’Tis with dew bespread!



Hither, hither, dear –



10

By the breath of life –



Hither, hither, dear!



Be the summer’s wife!



Though one moment’s pleasure



In one moment flies,



Though the passion’s treasure



In one moment dies;



Yet it has not passed –



Think how near, how near! –



And while it doth last,



20

Think how dear, how dear!



Hither, hither, hither,



Love this boon has sent –



If I die and wither



I shall die content.





Lines Rhymed in a Letter Received (by J. H. Reynolds) From Oxford


The Gothic looks solemn –



The plain Doric column



Supports an old Bishop and crosier;



The mouldering arch,



Shaded o’er by a larch



Stands next door to Wilson the Hosier.



Vicè – that is, by turns –



O’er pale faces mourns



The black-tassled trencher and common hat;



10

The chantry boy sings,



The steeple bell rings,



And as for the Chancellor – dominat.



There are plenty of trees,



And plenty of ease,



And plenty of fat deer for parsons;



And when it is venison,



Short is the benison –



Then each on a leg or thigh fastens.





‘Think not of it, sweet one, so – ’


Think not of it, sweet one, so –



Give it not a tear;



Sigh thou mayst, and bid it go



Any, any where.



Do not look so sad, sweet one –



Sad and fadingly;



Shed one drop, then it is gone,



O ’twas born to die.



Still so pale? then, dearest, weep –



10

Weep, I’ll count the tears,



And each one shall be a bliss



For thee in after years.



Brighter has it left thine eyes



Than a sunny rill;



And thy whispering melodies



Are tenderer still.



Yet – as all things mourn awhile



At fleeting blisses,



E’en let us too! but be our dirge



20

A dirge of kisses.





Endymion : A Poetic Romance


‘The stretched metre of an antique song’

Inscribed to the memory of Thomas Chatterton



BOOK I



A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:



Its loveliness increases; it will never



Pass into nothingness; but still will keep



A bower quiet for us, and a sleep



Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.



Therefore, on every morrow, are we wreathing



A flowery band to bind us to the earth,



Spite of despondence, of the inhuman dearth



Of noble natures, of the gloomy days,



10

Of all the unhealthy and o’er-darkened ways



Made for our searching: yes, in spite of all,



Some shape of beauty moves away the pall



From our dark spirits. Such the sun, the moon,



Trees old, and young, sprouting a shady boon



For simple sheep; and such are daffodils



With the green world they live in; and clear rills



That for themselves a cooling covert make



‘Gainst the hot season; the mid forest brake,



Rich with a sprinkling of fair musk-rose blooms:



20

And such too is the grandeur of the dooms



We have imagined for the mighty dead;



All lovely tales that we have heard or read –



An endless fountain of immortal drink,



Pouring unto us from the heaven’s brink.



Nor do we merely feel these essences



For one short hour; no, even as the trees



That whisper round a temple become soon



Dear as the temple’s self, so does the moon,



The passion poesy, glories infinite,



30

Haunt us till they become a cheering light



Unto our souls, and bound to us so fast,



That, whether there be shine, or gloom o’ercast,



They alway must be with us, or we die.



Therefore, ’tis with full happiness that I



Will trace the story of Endymion.



The very music of the name has gone



Into my being, and each pleasant scene



Is growing fresh before me as the green



Of our own valleys: so I will begin



40

Now while I cannot hear the city’s din;



Now while the early budders are just new,



And run in mazes of the youngest hue



About old forests; while the willow trails



Its delicate amber; and the dairy pails



Bring home increase of milk. And, as the year



Grows lush in juicy stalks, I’ll smoothly steer



My little boat, for many quiet hours,



With streams that deepen freshly into bowers.



Many and many a verse I hope to write,



50

Before the daisies, vermeil-rimmed and white,



Hide in deep herbage; and ere yet the bees



Hum about globes of clover and sweet peas,



I must be near the middle of my story.



O may no wintry season, bare and hoary,



See it half finished; but let Autumn bold,



With universal tinge of sober gold,



Be all about me when I make an end.



And now at once, adventuresome, I send



My herald thought into a wilderness –



60

There let its trumpet blow, and quickly dress



My uncertain path with green, that I may speed



Easily onward, thorough flowers and weed.



Upon the sides of Latmos was outspread



A mighty forest; for the moist earth fed



So plenteously all weed-hidden roots



Into o’er-hanging boughs, and precious fruits.



And it had gloomy shades, sequestered deep,



Where no man went; and if from shepherd’s keep



A lamb strayed far a-down those inmost glens,



70

Never again saw he the happy pens



Whither his brethren, bleating with content,



Over the hills at every nightfall went.



Among the shepherds, ’twas believèd ever,



That not one fleecy lamb which thus did sever



From the white flock, but passed unworrièd



By angry wolf, or pard with prying head,



Until it came to some unfooted plains



Where fed the herds of Pan – aye great his gains



Who thus one lamb did lose. Paths there were many,



80

Winding through palmy fern, and rushes fenny,



And ivy banks; all leading pleasantly



To a wide lawn, whence one could only see



Stems thronging all around between the swell



Of turf and slanting branches: who could tell



The freshness of the space of heaven above,



Edged round with dark tree tops? through which a dove



Would often beat its wings, and often too



A little cloud would move across the blue.



Full in the middle of this pleasantness



90

There stood a marble altar, with a tress



Of flowers budded newly; and the dew



Had taken fairy fantasies to strew



Daisies upon the sacred sward last eve,



And so the dawnèd light in pomp receive.



For ’twas the morn: Apollo’s upward fire



Made every eastern cloud a silvery pyre



Of brightness so unsullied, that therein



A melancholy spirit well might win



Oblivion, and melt out his essence fine



100

Into the winds: rain-scented eglantine



Gave temperate sweets to that well-wooing sun;



The lark was lost in him; cold springs had run



To warm their chilliest bubbles in the grass;



Man’s voice was on the mountains; and the mass



Of nature’s lives and wonders pulsed tenfold,



To feel this sun-rise and its glories old.



Now while the silent workings of the dawn



Were busiest, into that self-same lawn



All suddenly, with joyful cries, there sped



110

A troop of little children garlanded;



Who gathering round the altar, seemed to pry



Earnestly round, as wishing to espy



Some folk of holiday: nor had they waited



For many moments, ere their ears were sated



With a faint breath of music, which even then



Filled out its voice, and died away again.



Within a little space again it gave



Its airy swellings, with a gentle wave,



To light-hung leaves, in smoothest echoes breaking



120

Through copse-clad valleys – ere their death, o’ertaking



The surgy murmurs of the lonely sea.



And now, as deep into the wood as we



Might mark a lynx’s eye, there glimmered light



Fair faces and a rush of garments white,



Plainer and plainer showing, till at last



Into the widest alley they all passed,



Making directly for the woodland altar.



O kindly muse! let not my weak tongue falter



In telling of this goodly company,



130

Of their old piety, and of their glee:



But let a portion of ethereal dew



Fall on my head, and presently unmew



My soul – that I may dare, in wayfaring,



To stammer where old Chaucer used to sing.



Leading the way, young damsels danced along,



Bearing the burden of a shepherd song;



Each having a white wicker over-brimmed



With April’s tender younglings; next, well trimmed,



A crowd of shepherds with as sunburnt looks



140

As may be read of in Arcadian books,



Such as sat listening round Apollo’s pipe,



When the great deity, for earth too ripe,



Let his divinity o’erflowing die



In music, through the vales of Thessaly;



Some idly trailed their sheep-hooks on the ground,



And some kept up a shrilly mellow sound



With ebon-tippèd flutes; close after these,



Now coming from beneath the forest trees,



A venerable priest full soberly,



150

Begirt with ministering looks: alway his eye



Steadfast upon the matted turf he kept,



And after him his sacred vestments swept.



From his right hand there swung a vase, milk-white,



Of mingled wine, out-sparkling generous light;



And in his left he held a basket full



Of all sweet herbs that searching eye could cull:



Wild thyme, and valley-lilies whiter still



Than Leda’s love, and cresses from the rill.



His agèd head, crownèd with beechen wreath,



160

Seemed like a poll of ivy in the teeth



Of winter hoar. Then came another crowd



Of shepherds, lifting in due time aloud



Their share of the ditty. After them appeared,



Up-followed by a multitude that reared



Their voices to the clouds, a fair-wrought car,



Easily rolling so as scarce to mar



The freedom of three steeds of dapple brown.



Who stood therein did seem of great renown



Among the throng. His youth was fully blown,



170

Showing like Ganymede to manhood grown;



And, for those simple times, his garments were



A chieftain king’s: beneath his breast, half bare,



Was hung a silver bugle, and between



His nervy knees there lay a boar-spear keen.



A smile was on his countenance; he seemed,



To common lookers-on, like one who dreamed



Of idleness in groves Elysian:



But there were some who feelingly could scan



A lurking trouble in his nether lip,



180

And see that oftentimes the reins would slip



Through his forgotten hands: then would they sigh,



And think of yellow leaves, of owlet’s cry,



Of logs piled solemnly. Ah, well-a-day.



Why should our young Endymion pine away?



Soon the assembly, in a circle ranged,



Stood silent round the shrine: each look was changed



To sudden veneration: women meek



Beckoned their sons to silence; while each cheek



Of virgin bloom paled gently for slight fear.



190

Endymion too, without a forest peer,



Stood, wan, and pale, and with an awèd face,



Among his brothers of the mountain chase.



In midst of all, the venerable priest



Eyed them with joy from greatest to the least,



And, after lifting up his agèd hands,



Thus spake he: ‘Men of Latmos! shepherd bands!



Whose care it is to guard a thousand flocks:



Whether descended from beneath the rocks



That overtop your mountains; whether come



200

From valleys where the pipe is never dumb;



Or from your swelling downs, where sweet air stirs



Blue hare-bells lightly, and where prickly furze



Buds lavish gold; or ye, whose precious charge



Nibble their fill at ocean’s very marge,



Whose mellow reeds are touched with sounds forlorn



By the dim echoes of old Triton’s horn;



Mothers and wives! who day by day prepare



The scrip, with needments, for the mountain air;



And all ye gentle girls who foster up



210

Udderless lambs, and in a little cup



Will put choice honey for a favoured youth –



Yea, every one attend! for in good truth



Our vows are wanting to our great god Pan.



Are not our lowing heifers sleeker than



Night-swollen mushrooms? Are not our wide plains



Speckled with countless fleeces? Have not rains



Greened over April’s lap? No howling sad



Sickens our fearful ewes; and we have had



Great bounty from Endymion our lord.



220

The earth is glad: the merry lark has poured



His early song against yon breèzy sky,



That spreads so clear o’er our solemnity.’



Thus ending, on the shrine he heaped a spire



Of teeming sweets, enkindling sacred fire;



Anon he stained the thick and spongy sod



With wine, in honour of the shepherd-god.



Now while the earth was drinking it, and while



Bay leaves were crackling in the fragrant pile,



And gummy frankincense was sparkling bright



230

’Neath smothering parsley, and a hazy light



Spread greyly eastward, thus a chorus sang:



‘O thou, whose mighty palace roof doth hang



From jagged trunks, and overshadoweth



Eternal whispers, glooms, the birth, life, death



Of unseen flowers in heavy peacefulness;



Who lov’st to see the hamadryads dress



Their ruffled locks where meeting hazels darken;



And through whole solemn hours dost sit, and hearken



The dreary melody of bedded reeds



240

In desolate places, where dank moisture breeds



The pipy hemlock to strange overgrowth;



Bethinking thee, how melancholy loth



Thou wast to lose fair Syrinx – do thou now –



By thy love’s milky brow! –



By all the trembling mazes that she ran –



Hear us, great Pan!



‘O thou, for whose soul-soothing quiet, turtles



Passion their voices cooingly ’mong myrtles,



What time thou wanderest at eventide



250

Through sunny meadows, that outskirt the side



Of thine enmossèd realms: O thou, to whom



Broad-leavèd fig trees even now foredoom



Their ripened fruitage; yellow-girted bees



Their golden honeycombs; our village leas



Their fairest-blossomed beans and poppied corn;



The chuckling linnet its five young unborn



To sing for thee; low creeping strawberries



Their summer coolness; pent up butterflies



Their freckled wings; yea, the fresh budding year



260 All its completions – be quickly near,



By every wind that nods the mountain pine,



O forester divine!



‘Thou, to whom every faun and satyr flies



For willing service; whether to surprise



The squatted hare while in half-sleeping fit;



Or upward ragged precipices flit



To save poor lambkins from the eagle’s maw;



Or by mysterious enticement draw



Bewildered shepherds to their path again;



270

Or to tread breathless round the frothy main,



And gather up all fancifullest shells



For thee to tumble into Naiads’ cells,



And, being hidden, laugh at their out-peeping;



Or to delight thee with fantastic leaping,



The while they pelt each other on the crown



With silvery oak apples, and fir cones brown –



By all the echoes that about thee ring,



Hear us, O satyr king!



‘O Hearkener to the loud clapping shears



280

While ever and anon to his shorn peers



A ram goes bleating; Winder of the horn,



When snouted wild-boars routing tender corn



Anger our huntsmen; Breather round our farms,



To keep off mildews, and all weather harms;



Strange ministrant of undescribèd sounds,



That come a-swooning over hollow grounds,



And wither drearily on barren moors;



Dread opener of the mysterious doors



Leading to universal knowledge – see,



290

Great son of Dryope,



The many that are come to pay their vows



With leaves about their brows!



‘Be still the unimaginable lodge



For solitary thinkings; such as dodge



Conception to the very bourne of heaven,



Then leave the naked brain; be still the leaven,



That spreading in this dull and clodded earth



Gives it a touch ethereal – a new birth;



Be still a symbol of immensity;



300

A firmament reflected in a sea;



An element filling the space between,



An unknown – but no more! we humbly screen



With uplift hands our foreheads, lowly bending,



And giving out a shout most heaven rending,



Conjure thee to receive our humble paean,



Upon thy Mount Lycean!’



Even while they brought the burden to a close,



A shout from the whole multitude arose,



That lingered in the air like dying rolls



310

Of abrupt thunder, when Ionian shoals



Of dolphins bob their noses through the brine.



Meantime, on shady levels, mossy fine,



Young companies nimbly began dancing



To the swift treble pipe, and humming string.



Ay, those fair living forms swam heavenly



To tunes forgotten – out of memory;



Fair creatures! whose young children’s children bred



Thermopylae its heroes – not yet dead,



But in old marbles ever beautiful.



320

High genitors, unconscious did they cull



Time’s sweet first-fruits – they danced to weariness,



And then in quiet circles did they press



The hillock turf, and caught the latter end



Of some strange history, potent to send



A young mind from its bodily tenement.



Or they might watch the quoit-pitchers, intent



On either side; pitying the sad death



Of Hyacinthus, when the cruel breath



Of Zephyr slew him – Zephyr penitent,



330

Who now, ere Phoebus mounts the firmament,



Fondles the flower amid the sobbing rain.



The archers too, upon a wider plain,



Beside the feathery whizzing of the shaft,



And the dull twanging bowstring, and the raft



Branch down sweeping from a tall ash top,



Called up a thousand thoughts to envelop



Those who would watch. Perhaps, the trembling knee



And frantic gape of lonely Niobe –



Poor, lonely Niobe! – when her lovely young



340

Were dead and gone, and her caressing tongue



Lay a lost thing upon her paly lip,



And very, very deadliness did nip



Her motherly cheeks. Aroused from this sad mood



By one, who at a distance loud hallooed,



Uplifting his strong bow into the air,



Many might after brighter visions stare:



After the Argonauts, in blind amaze



Tossing about on Neptune’s restless ways,



Until, from the horizon’s vaulted side,



350

There shot a golden splendour far and wide,



Spangling those million poutings of the brine



With quivering ore – ’twas even an awful shine



From the exaltation of Apollo’s bow;



A heavenly beacon in their dreary woe.



Who thus were ripe for high contemplating,



Might turn their steps towards the sober ring



Where sat Endymion and the agèd priest



‘Mong shepherds gone in eld, whose looks increased



The silvery setting of their mortal star.



360

There they discoursed upon the fragile bar



That keeps us from our homes ethereal,



And what our duties there: to nightly call



Vesper, the beauty-crest of summer weather;



To summon all the downiest clouds together



For the sun’s purple couch; to emulate



In ministering the potent rule of fate



With speed of fire-tailèd exhalations:



To tint her pallid cheek with bloom, who cons



Sweet poesy by moonlight: besides these,



370

A world of other unguessed offices.



Anon they wandered, by divine converse,



Into Elysium, vying to rehearse



Each one his own anticipated bliss.



One felt heart-certain that he could not miss



His quick-gone love, among fair blossomed boughs,



Where every zephyr-sigh pouts, and endows



Her lips with music for the welcoming.



Another wished, mid that eternal spring,



To meet his rosy child, with feathery sails,



380

Sweeping, eye-earnestly, through almond vales –



Who, suddenly, should stoop through the smooth wind,



And with the balmiest leaves his temples bind;



And, ever after, through those regions be



His messenger, his little Mercury.



Some were athirst in soul to see again



Their fellow huntsmen o’er the wide champaign



In times long past; to sit with them, and talk



Of all the chances in their earthly walk;



Comparing, joyfully, their plenteous stores



390

Of happiness, to when upon the moors,



Benighted, close they huddled from the cold,



And shared their famished scrips. Thus all out-told



Their fond imaginations – saving him



Whose eyelids curtained up their jewels dim,



Endymion: yet hourly had he striven



To hide the cankering venom, that had riven



His fainting recollections. Now indeed



His senses had swooned off; he did not heed



The sudden silence, or the whispers low,



400

Or the old eyes dissolving at his woe,



Or anxious calls, or close of trembling palms,



Or maiden’s sigh, that grief itself embalms:



But in the self-same fixèd trance he kept,



Like one who on the earth had never stepped.



Ay, even as dead still as a marble man,



Frozen in that old tale Arabian.



Who whispers him so pantingly and close?



Peona, his sweet sister – of all those,



His friends, the dearest. Hushing signs she made,



410

And breathed a sister’s sorrow to persuade



A yielding up, a cradling on her care.



Her eloquence did breathe away the curse:



She led him, like some midnight spirit-nurse



Of happy changes in emphatic dreams,



Along a path between two little streams –



Guarding his forehead, with her round elbow,



From low-grown branches, and his footsteps slow



From stumbling over stumps and hillocks small –



Until they came to where these streamlets fall,



420

With mingled bubblings and a gentle rush,



Into a river, clear, brimful, and flush



With crystal mocking of the trees and sky.



A little shallop, floating there hard by,



Pointed its beak over the fringèd bank;



And soon it lightly dipped, and rose, and sank,



And dipped again, with the young couple’s weight –



Peona guiding, through the water straight,



Towards a bowery island opposite,



Which gaining presently, she steerèd light



430

Into a shady, fresh, and ripply cove,



Where nested was an arbour, overwove



By many a summer’s silent fingering;



To whose cool bosom she was used to bring



Her playmates, with their needle broidery,



And minstrel memories of times gone by.



So she was gently glad to see him laid



Under her favourite bower’s quiet shade,



On her own couch, new made of flower leaves,



Dried carefully on the cooler side of sheaves



440

When last the sun his autumn tresses shook,



And the tanned harvesters rich armfuls took.



Soon was he quieted to slumbrous rest:



But, ere it crept upon him, he had pressed



Peona’s busy hand against his lips,



And still, a-sleeping, held her finger-tips



In tender pressure. And as a willow keeps



A patient watch over the stream that creeps



Windingly by it, so the quiet maid



Held her in peace: so that a whispering blade



450

Of grass, a wailful gnat, a bee bustling



Down in the blue-bells, or a wren light rustling



Among sere leaves and twigs, might all be heard.



O magic sleep! O comfortable bird,



That broodest o’er the troubled sea of the mind



Till it is hushed and smooth! O unconfined



Restraint! imprisoned liberty! great key



To golden palaces, strange minstrelsy,



Fountains grotesque, new trees, bespangled caves,



Echoing grottoes, full of tumbling waves



460

And moonlight; ay, to all the mazy world



Of silvery enchantment! Who, upfurled



Beneath thy drowsy wing a triple hour,



But renovates and lives? – Thus, in the bower,



Endymion was calmed to life again.



Opening his eyelids with a healthier brain,



He said: ‘I feel this thine endearing love



All through my bosom: thou art as a dove



Trembling its closed eyes and sleekèd wings



About me; and the pearliest dew not brings



470

Such morning incense from the fields of May,



As do those brighter drops that twinkling stray



From those kind eyes – the very home and haunt



Of sisterly affection. Can I want



Aught else, aught nearer heaven, than such tears?



Yet dry them up, in bidding hence all fears



That, any longer, I will pass my days



Alone and sad. No, I will once more raise



My voice upon the mountain-heights; once more



Make my horn parley from their foreheads hoar;



480

Again my trooping hounds their tongues shall loll



Around the breathed boar; again I’ll poll



The fair-grown yew tree for a chosen bow;



And, when the pleasant sun is getting low,



Again I’ll linger in a sloping mead



To hear the speckled thrushes, and see feed



Our idle sheep. So be thou cheered, sweet,



And, if thy lute is here, softly entreat



My soul to keep in its resolvèd course.’



Hereat Peona, in their silver source,



490

Shut her pure sorrow-drops with glad exclaim,



And took a lute, from which there pulsing came



A lively prelude, fashioning the way



In which her voice should wander. ’Twas a lay



More subtle cadenced, more forest wild



Than Dryope’s lone lulling of her child;



And nothing since has floated in the air



So mournful strange. Surely some influence rare



Went, spiritual, through the damsel’s hand;



For still, with Delphic emphasis, she spanned



500

The quick invisible strings, even though she saw



Endymion’s spirit melt away and thaw



Before the deep intoxication.



But soon she came, with sudden burst, upon



Her self-possession – swung the lute aside,



And earnestly said: ‘Brother, ’tis vain to hide



That thou dost know of things mysterious,



Immortal, starry; such alone could thus



Weigh down thy nature. Hast thou sinned in aught



Offensive to the heavenly powers? Caught



510

A Paphian dove upon a message sent?



Thy deathful bow against some deer-head bent



Sacred to Dian? Haply, thou hast seen



Her naked limbs among the alders green –



And that, alas! is death. No, I can trace



Something more high-perplexing in thy face!’



Endymion looked at her, and pressed her hand,



And said, ‘Art thou so pale, who wast so bland



And merry in our meadows? How is this?



Tell me thine ailment – tell me all amiss!



520

Ah! thou hast been unhappy at the change



Wrought suddenly in me. What indeed more strange?



Or more complete to overwhelm surmise?



Ambition is no sluggard: ’tis no prize,



That toiling years would put within my grasp,



That I have sighed for; with so deadly gasp



No man e’er panted for a mortal love.



So all have set my heavier grief above



These things which happen. Rightly have they done:



I, who still saw the horizontal sun



530

Heave his broad shoulder o’er the edge of the world,



Out-facing Lucifer, and then had hurled



My spear aloft, as signal for the chase –



I, who, for very sport of heart, would race



With my own steed from Araby; pluck down



A vulture from his towery perching; frown



A lion into growling, loth retire –



To lose, at once, all my toil-breeding fire,



And sink thus low! but I will ease my breast



Of secret grief, here in this bowery nest.



540

‘This river does not see the naked sky,



Till it begins to progress silverly



Around the western border of the wood,



Whence, from a certain spot, its winding flood



Seems at the distance like a crescent moon:



And in that nook, the very pride of June,



Had I been used to pass my weary eves;



The rather for the sun unwilling leaves



So dear a picture of his sovereign power,



And I could witness his most kingly hour,



550

When he doth tighten up the golden reins,



And paces leisurely down amber plains



His snorting four. Now when his chariot last



Its beams against the zodiac-lion cast,



There blossomed suddenly a magic bed



Of sacred ditamy, and poppies red:



At which I wondered greatly, knowing well



That but one night had wrought this flowery spell;



And, sitting down close by, began to muse



What it might mean. Perhaps, thought I, Morpheus,



560

In passing here, his owlet pinions shook;



Or, it may be, ere matron Night uptook



Her ebon urn, young Mercury, by stealth,



Had dipped his rod in it: such garland wealth



Came not by common growth. Thus on I thought,



Until my head was dizzy and distraught.



Moreover, through the dancing poppies stole



A breeze, most softly lulling to my soul,



And shaping visions all about my sight



Of colours, wings, and bursts of spangly light;



570

The which became more strange, and strange, and dim,



And then were gulfed in a tumultuous swim –



And then I fell asleep. Ah, can I tell



The enchantment that afterwards befell?



Yet it was but a dream: yet such a dream



That never tongue, although it overteem



With mellow utterance, like a cavern spring,



Could figure out and to conception bring



All I beheld and felt. Methought I lay



Watching the zenith, where the milky way



580

Among the stars in virgin splendour pours;



And travelling my eye, until the doors



Of heaven appeared to open for my flight,



I became loth and fearful to alight



From such high soaring by a downward glance:



So kept me steadfast in that airy trance,



Spreading imaginary pinions wide.



When, presently, the stars began to glide,



And faint away, before my eager view:



At which I sighed that I could not pursue,



590

And dropped my vision to the horizon’s verge –



And lo! from opening clouds, I saw emerge



The loveliest moon, that ever silvered o’er



A shell for Neptune’s goblet: she did soar



So passionately bright, my dazzled soul



Commingling with her argent spheres did roll



Through clear and cloudy, even when she went



At last into a dark and vapoury tent –



Whereat, methought, the lidless-eyèd train



Of planets all were in the blue again.



600

To commune with those orbs, once more I raised



My sight right upward: but it was quite dazed



By a bright something, sailing down apace,



Making me quickly veil my eyes and face:



Again I looked, and, O ye deities,



Who from Olympus watch our destinies!



Whence that completed form of all completeness?



Whence came that high perfection of all sweetness?



Speak, stubborn earth, and tell me where, O where



Hast thou a symbol of her golden hair?



610

Not oat-sheaves drooping in the western sun;



Not – thy soft hand, fair sister! let me shun



Such follying before thee – yet she had,



Indeed, locks bright enough to make me mad;



And they were simply gordianed up and braided,



Leaving, in naked comeliness, unshaded,



Her pearl-round ears, white neck, and orbèd brow;



The which were blended in, I know not how,



With such a paradise of lips and eyes,



Blush-tinted cheeks, half smiles, and faintest sighs,



620 That, when I think thereon, my spirit clings



And plays about its fancy, till the stings



Of human neighbourhood envenom all.



Unto what awful power shall I call?



To what high fane? – Ah! see her hovering feet,



More bluely veined, more soft, more whitely sweet



Than those of sea-born Venus, when she rose



From out her cradle shell. The wind out-blows



Her scarf into a fluttering pavilion;



’Tis blue, and over-spangled with a million



630

Of little eyes, as though thou wert to shed,



Over the darkest, lushest blue-bell bed,



Handfuls of daisies.’ – ‘Endymion, how strange!



Dream within dream!’ – ‘She took an airy range,



And then, towards me, like a very maid,



Came blushing, waning, willing, and afraid,



And pressed me by the hand: Ah! ’twas too much;



Methought I fainted at the charmèd touch,



Yet held my recollection, even as one



Who dives three fathoms where the waters run



640

Gurgling in beds of coral: for anon,



I felt up-mounted in that region



Where falling stars dart their artillery forth,



And eagles struggle with the buffeting north



That balances the heavy meteor-stone –



Felt too, I was not fearful, nor alone,



But lapped and lulled along the dangerous sky.



Soon, as it seemed, we left our journeying high,



And straightway into frightful eddies swooped,



Such as aye muster where grey time has scooped



650

Huge dens and caverns in a mountain’s side:



There hollow sounds aroused me, and I sighed



To faint once more by looking on my bliss –



I was distracted; madly did I kiss



The wooing arms which held me, and did give



My eyes at once to death – but ’twas to live,



To take in draughts of life from the gold fount



Of kind and passionate looks; to count, and count



The moments, by some greedy help that seemed



A second self, that each might be redeemed



660

And plundered of its load of blessedness.



Ah, desperate mortal! I e’en dared to press



Her very cheek against my crowned lip,



And, at that moment, felt my body dip



Into a warmer air – a moment more,



Our feet were soft in flowers. There was store



Of newest joys upon that alp. Sometimes



A scent of violets, and blossoming limes,



Loitered around us; then of honey cells,



Made delicate from all white-flower bells;



670

And once, above the edges of our nest,



An arch face peeped – an Oread as I guessed.



‘Why did I dream that sleep o’er-powered me



In midst of all this heaven? Why not see,



Far off, the shadows of his pinions dark,



And stare them from me? But no, like a spark



That needs must die, although its little beam



Reflects upon a diamond, my sweet dream



Fell into nothing – into stupid sleep.



And so it was, until a gentle creep,



680

A careful moving, caught my waking ears,



And up I started. Ah! my sighs, my tears,



My clenchèd hands – for lo! the poppies hung



Dew-dabbled on their stalks, the ouzel sung



A heavy ditty, and the sullen day



Had chidden herald IIesperus away,



With leaden looks: the solitary breeze



Blustered, and slept, and its wild self did tease



With wayward melancholy; and I thought,



Mark me, Peona! that sometimes it brought



690

Faint fare-thee-wells, and sigh-shrillèd adieus! –



Away I wandered – all the pleasant hues



Of heaven and earth had faded: deepest shades



Were deepest dungeons; heaths and sunny gladcs



Were full of pestilent light; our taintless rills



Seemed sooty, and o’er-spread with upturned gills



Of dying fish; the vermeil rose had blown



In frightful scarlet, and its thorns out-grown



Like spiked aloe. If an innocent bird



Before my heedless footsteps stirred and stirred



700

In little journeys, I beheld in it



A disguised demon, missionèd to knit



My soul with under-darkness, to entice



My stumblings down some monstrous precipice:



Therefore I eager followed, and did curse



The disappointment. Time, that agèd nurse,



Rocked me to patience. Now, thank gentle heaven!



These things, with all their comfortings, are given



To my down-sunken hours, and with thee,



Sweet sister, help to stem the ebbing sea



710

Of weary life.’



Thus ended he, and both



Sat silent: for the maid was very loth



To answer; feeling well that breathèd words



Would all be lost, unheard, and vain as swords



Against the enchasèd crocodile, or leaps



Of grasshoppers against the sun. She weeps,



And wonders; struggles to devise some blame;



To put on such a look as would say, Shame



On this poor weakness! but, for all her strife,



She could as soon have crushed away the life



720

From a sick dove. At length, to break the pause,



She said with trembling chance: ‘Is this the cause?



This all? Yet it is strange, and sad, alas!



That one who through this middle earth should pass



Most like a sojourning demi-god, and leave



His name upon the harp-string, should achieve



No higher bard than simple maidenhood,



Singing alone, and fearfully – how the blood



Left his young cheek; and how he used to stray



He knew not where; and how he would say, nay,



730

If any said ’twas love – and yet ’twas love;



What could it be but love? How a ring-dove



Let fall a sprig of yew tree in his path;



And how he died; and then, that love doth scathe



The gentle heart, as northern blasts do roses;



And then the ballad of his sad life closes



With sighs, and an ‘alas’! – Endymion!



Be rather in the trumpet’s mouth – anon



Among the winds at large, that all may hearken!



Although, before the crystal heavens darken,



740

I watch and dote upon the silver lakes



Pictured in western cloudiness, that takes



The semblance of gold rocks and bright gold sands,



Islands, and creeks, and amber-fretted strands



With horses prancing o’er them, palaces



And towers of amethyst – would I so tease



My pleasant days, because I could not mount



Into those regions? The Morphean fount



Of that fine element that visions, dreams,



And fitful whims of sleep are made of, streams



750

Into its airy channels with so subtle,



So thin a breathing, not the spider’s shuttle,



Circled a million times within the space



Of a swallow’s nest-door, could delay a trace,



A tinting of its quality: how light



Must dreams themselves be, seeing they’re more slight



Than the mere nothing that engenders them!



Then wherefore sully the entrusted gem



Of high and noble life with thoughts so sick?



Why pierce high-fronted honour to the quick



760

For nothing but a dream?’ Hereat the youth



Looked up: a conflicting of shame and ruth



Was in his plaited brow: yet, his eyelids



Widened a little, as when Zephyr bids



A little breeze to creep between the fans



Of careless butterflies. Amid his pains



He seemed to taste a drop of manna-dew,



Full palatable; and a colour grew



Upon his cheek, while thus he lifeful spake.



‘Peona! ever have I longed to slake



770

My thirst for the world’s praises: nothing base,



No merely slumbrous phantasm, could unlace



The stubborn canvas for my voyage prepared –



Though now ’tis tattered, leaving my bark bared



And sullenly drifting: yet my higher hope



Is of too wide, too rainbow-large a scope,



To fret at myriads of earthly wrecks.



Wherein lies happiness? In that which becks



Our ready minds to fellowship divine,



A fellowship with essence; till we shine,



780

Full alchemized, and free of space. Behold



The clear religion of heaven! Fold



A rose leaf round thy finger’s taperness,



And soothe thy lips; hist, when the airy stress



Of music’s kiss impregnates the free winds,



And with a sympathetic touch unbinds



Aeolian magic from their lucid wombs:



Then old songs waken from enclouded tombs;



Old ditties sigh above their father’s grave;



Ghosts of melodious prophesyings rave



790

Round every spot where trod Apollo’s foot;



Bronze clarions awake, and faintly bruit,



Where long ago a giant battle was;



And, from the turf, a lullaby doth pass



In every place where infant Orpheus slept.



Feel we these things? – that moment have we stepped



Into a sort of oneness, and our state



Is like a floating spirit’s. But there are



Richer entanglements, enthralments far



More self-destroying, leading, by degrees,



800

To the chief intensity: the crown of these



Is made of love and friendship, and sits high



Upon the forehead of humanity.



All its more ponderous and bulky worth



Is friendship, whence there ever issues forth



A steady splendour; but at the tip-top,



There hangs by unseen film, an orbèd drop



Of light, and that is love: its influence,



Thrown in our eyes, genders a novel sense,



At which we start and fret; till in the end,



810

Melting into its radiance, we blend,



Mingle, and so become a part of it –



Nor with aught else can our souls interknit



So wingedly. When we combine therewith,



Life’s self is nourished by its proper pith,



And we are nurtured like a pelican brood.



Ay, so delicious is the unsating food,



That men, who might have towered in the van



Of all the congregated world, to fan



And winnow from the coming step of time



820

All chaff of custom, wipe away all slime



Left by men-slugs and human serpentry,



Have been content to let occasion die,



Whilst they did sleep in love’s elysium.



And, truly, I would rather be struck dumb,



Than speak against this ardent listlessness:



For I have ever thought that it might bless



The world with benefits unknowingly,



As does the nightingale, up-perchèd high,



And cloistered among cool and bunchèd leaves –



830

She sings but to her love, nor e’er conceives



How tip-toe Night holds back her dark-grey hood.



Just so may love, although ’tis understood



The mere commingling of passionate breath,



Produce more than our searching witnesseth –



What I know not: but who, of men, can tell



That flowers would bloom, or that green fruit would swell



To melting pulp, that fish would have bright mail,



The earth its dower of river, wood, and vale,



The meadows runnels, runnels pebble-stones,



840

The seed its harvest, or the lute its tones,



Tones ravishment, or ravishment its sweet,



If human souls did never kiss and greet?



‘Now, if this earthly love has power to make



Men’s being mortal, immortal; to shake



Ambition from their memories, and brim



Their measure of content; what merest whim,



Seems all this poor endeavour after fame,



To one, who keeps within his steadfast aim



A love immortal, an immortal too.



850

Look not so wildered; for these things are true,



And never can be born of atomies



That buzz about our slumbers, like brain-flies,



Leaving us fancy-sick. No, no, I’m sure,



My restless spirit never could endure



To brood so long upon one luxury,



Unless it did, though fearfully, espy



A hope beyond the shadow of a dream.



My sayings will the less obscurèd seem,



When I have told thee how my waking sight



860

Has made me scruple whether that same night



Was passed in dreaming. Hearken, sweet Peona!



Beyond the matron-temple of Latona,



Which we should see but for these darkening boughs,



Lies a deep hollow, from whose ragged brows



Bushes and trees do lean all round athwart



And meet so nearly, that with wings outraught,



And spreaded tail, a vulture could not glide



Past them, but he must brush on every side.



Some mouldered steps lead into this cool cell,



870

Far as the slabbèd margin of a well,



Whose patient level peeps its crystal eye



Right upward, through the bushes, to the sky.



Oft have I brought thee flowers, on their stalks set



Like vestal primroses, but dark velvet



Edges them round, and they have golden pits:



’Twas there I got them, from the gaps and slits



In a mossy stone, that sometimes was my seat,



When all above was faint with midday heat.



And there in strife no burning thoughts to heed,



880

I’d bubble up the water through a reed;



So reaching back to boyhood; make me ships



Of moulted feathers, touchwood, alder chips,



With leaves stuck in them; and the Neptune be



Of their petty ocean. Oftener, heavily,



When love-lorn hours had left me less a child,



I sat contemplating the figures wild



Of o’er-head clouds melting the mirror through.



Upon a day, while thus I watched, by flew



A cloudy Cupid, with his bow and quiver,



890

So plainly charactered, no breeze would shiver



The happy chance: so happy, I was fain



To follow it upon the open plain,



And, therefore, was just going, when, behold!



A wonder, fair as any I have told –



The same bright face I tasted in my sleep,



Smiling in the clear well. My heart did leap



Through the cool depth. – It moved as if to flee –



I started up – when lo! refreshfully,



There came upon my face in plenteous showers,



900

Dew-drops, and dewy buds, and leaves, and flowers,



Wrapping all objects from my smothered sight,



Bathing my spirit in a new delight.



Ay, such a breathless honey-feel of bliss



Alone preserved me from the drear abyss



Of death, for the fair form had gone again.



Pleasure is oft a visitant; but pain



Clings cruelly to us, like the gnawing sloth



On the deer’s tender haunches: late, and loth,



’Tis scared away by slow returning pleasure.



910

How sickening, how dark the dreadful leisure



Of weary days, made deeper exquisite,



By a fore-knowledge of unslumbrous night!



Like sorrow came upon me, heavier still,



Than when I wandered from the poppy hill:



And a whole age of lingering moments crept



Sluggishly by, ere more contentment swept



Away at once the deadly yellow spleen.



Yes, thrice have I this fair enchantment seen;



Once more been tortured with renewèd life.



920

When last the wintry gusts gave over strife



With the conquering sun of spring, and left the skies



Warm and serene, but yet with moistened eyes



In pity of the shattered infant buds –



That time thou didst adorn, with amber studs,



My hunting cap, because I laughed and smiled,



Chatted with thee, and many days exiled



All torment from my breast – ’twas even then,



Straying about, yet, cooped up in the den



Of helpless discontent, hurling my lance



930

From place to place, and following at chance,



At last, by hap, through some young trees it struck,



And, plashing among bedded pebbles, stuck



In the middle of a brook, whose silver ramble



Down twenty little falls, through reeds and bramble,



Tracing along, it brought me to a cave,



Whence it ran brightly forth, and white did lave



The nether sides of mossy stones and rock –



‘Mong which it gurgled blythe adieus, to mock



Its own sweet grief at parting. Overhead,



940

Hung a lush screen of drooping weeds, and spread



Thick, as to curtain up some wood-nymph’s home.



“Ah! impious mortal, whither do I roam?”



Said I, low voiced: “Ah, whither! ’Tis the grot



Of Proserpine, when Hell, obscure and hot,



Doth her resign, and where her tender hands



She dabbles, on the cool and sluicy sands;



Or ’tis the cell of Echo, where she sits,



And babbles thorough silence, till her wits



Are gone in tender madness, and anon,



950

Faints into sleep, with many a dying tone



Of sadness. O that she would take my vows,



And breathe them sighingly among the boughs,



To sue her gentle ears for whose fair head,



Daily, I pluck sweet flowerets from their bed,



And weave them dyingly – send honey-whispers



Round every leaf, that all those gentle lispers



May sigh my love unto her pitying!



O charitable Echo! hear, and sing



This ditty to her! Tell her – ” So I stayed



960

My foolish tongue, and listening, half afraid,



Stood stupefied with my own empty folly,



And blushing for the freaks of melancholy.



Salt tears were coming, when I heard my name



Most fondly lipped, and then these accents came:



“Endymion! the cave is secreter



Than the isle of Delos. Echo hence shall stir



No sighs but sigh-warm kisses, or light noise



Of thy combing hand, the while it travelling cloys



And trembles through my labyrinthine hair.”



970

At that oppressed I hurried in. Ah! where



Are those swift moments? Whither are they fled?



I’ll smile no more, Peona; nor will wed



Sorrow the way to death; but patiently



Bear up against it – so farewell, sad sigh;



And come instead demurest meditation,



To occupy me wholly, and to fashion



My pilgrimage for the world’s dusky brink.



No more will I count over, link by link,



My chain of grief: no longer strive to find



980

A half-forgetfulness in mountain wind



Blustering about my ears. Ay, thou shalt see,



Dearest of sisters, what my life shall be;



What a calm round of hours shall make my days.



There is a paly flame of hope that plays



Where’er I look; but yet, I’ll say ’tis naught –



And here I bid it die. Have not I caught,



Already, a more healthy countenance?



By this the sun is setting; we may chance



Meet some of our near-dwellers with my car.’



990

This said, he rose, faint-smiling like a star



Through autumn mists, and took Peona’s hand:



They stepped into the boat, and launched from land.





BOOK II



O sovereign power of love! O grief! O balm!



All records, saving thine, come cool, and calm,



And shadowy, through the mist of passèd years:



For others, good or bad, hatred and tears



Have become indolent, but touching thine,



One sigh doth echo, one poor sob doth pine,



One kiss brings honey-dew from buried days.



The woes of Troy, towers smothering o’er their blaze,



Stiff-holden shields, far-piercing spears, keen blades,



10

Struggling, and blood, and shrieks – all dimly fades



Into some backward corner of the brain:



Yet, in our very souls, we feel amain



The close of Troilus and Cressid sweet.



Hence, pageant history! hence, gilded cheat!



Swart planet in the universe of deeds!



Wide sea, that one continuous murmur breeds



Along the pebbled shore of memory!



Many old rotten-timbered boats there be



Upon thy vaporous bosom, magnified



20

To goodly vessels; many a sail of pride,



And golden keeled, is left unlaunched and dry.



But wherefore this? What care, though owl did fly



About the great Athenian admiral’s mast?



What care, though striding Alexander passed



The Indus with his Macedonian numbers?



Though old Ulysses tortured from his slumbers



The glutted Cyclops, what care? – Juliet leaning



Amid her window-flowers, sighing, weaning



Tenderly her fancy from its maiden snow,



30

Doth more avail than these. The silver flow



Of Hero’s tears, the swoon of Imogen,



Fair Pastorella in the bandit’s den,



Are things to brood on with more ardency



Than the death-day of empires. Fearfully



Must such conviction come upon his head,



Who, thus far, discontent, has dared to tread,



Without one muse’s smile, or kind behest,



The path of love and poesy. But rest,



In chafing restlessness, is yet more drear



40

Than to be crushed in striving to uprear



Love’s standard on the battlements of song.



So once more days and nights aid me along,



Like legioned soldiers.



Brain-sick shepherd prince,



What promise hast thou faithful guarded since



The day of sacrifice? Or, have new sorrows



Come with the constant dawn upon thy morrows?



Alas! ’tis his old grief. For many days,



Has he been wandering in uncertain ways:



Through wilderness, and woods of mossèd oaks,



50

Counting his woe-worn minutes, by the strokes



Of the lone woodcutter; and listening still,



Hour after hour, to each lush-leaved rill.



Now he is sitting by a shady spring,



And elbow-deep with feverous fingering



Stems the up-bursting cold: a wild rose tree



Pavilions him in bloom, and he doth see



A bud which snares his fancy. Lo! but now



He plucks it, dips its stalk in the water: how!



It swells, it buds, it flowers beneath his sight;



60

And, in the middle, there is softly pight



A golden butterfly, upon whose wings



There must be surely charactered strange things,



For with wide eye he wonders, and smiles oft.



Lightly this little herald flew aloft,



Followed by glad Endymion’s clasped hands:



Onward it flies. From languor’s sullen bands



His limbs are loosed, and eager, on he hies



Dazzled to trace it in the sunny skies.



It seemed he flew, the way so easy was;



70

And like a new-born spirit did he pass



Through the green evening quiet in the sun,



O’er many a heath, through many a woodland dun,



Through buried paths, where sleepy twilight dreams



The summer time away. One track unseams



A wooded cleft, and, far away, the blue



Of ocean fades upon him; then, anew,



He sinks adown a solitary glen,



Where there was never sound of mortal men,



Saving, perhaps, some snow-light cadences



80

Melting to silence, when upon the breeze



Some holy bark let forth an anthem sweet,



To cheer itself to Delphi. Still his feet



Went swift beneath the merry-winged guide,



Until it reached a splashing fountain’s side



That, near a cavern’s mouth, for ever poured



Unto the temperate air: then high it soared,



And, downward, suddenly began to dip,



As if, athirst with so much toil, ’twould sip



The crystal spout-head: so it did, with touch



90

Most delicate, as though afraid to smutch



Even with mealy gold the waters clear.



But, at that very touch, to disappear



So fairy-quick, was strange! Bewilderèd,



Endymion sought around, and shook each bed



Of covert flowers in vain; and then he flung



Himself along the grass. What gentle tongue,



What whisperer disturbed his gloomy rest?



It was a nymph uprisen to the breast



In the fountain’s pebbly margin, and she stood



100

‘Mong lilies, like the youngest of the brood.



To him her dripping hand she softly kissed,



And anxiously began to plait and twist



Her ringlets round her fingers, saying: ‘Youth!



Too long, alas, hast thou starved on the ruth,



The bitterness of love: too long indeed,



Seeing thou art so gentle. Could I weed



Thy soul of care, by heavens, I would offer



All the bright riches of my crystal coffer



To Amphitrite; all my clear-eyed fish,



110

Golden, or rainbow-sided, or purplish,



Vermilion-tailed, or finned with silvery gauze;



Yea, or my veinèd pebble-floor, that draws



A virgin light to the deep; my grotto-sands



Tawny and gold, oozed slowly from far lands



By my diligent springs; my level lilies, shells,



My charming rod, my potent river spells;



Yes, every thing, even to the pearly cup



Meander gave me – for I bubbled up



To fainting creatures in a desert wild.



120

But woe is me, I am but as a child



To gladden thee; and all I dare to say,



Is, that I pity thee; that on this day



I’ve been thy guide; that thou must wander far



In other regions, past the scanty bar



To mortal steps, before thou canst be ta’en



From every wasting sigh, from every pain,



Into the gentle bosom of thy love.



Why it is thus, one knows in heaven above:



But, a poor Naiad, I guess not. Farewell!



130

I have a ditty for my hollow cell.’



Hereat, she vanished from Endymion’s gaze,



Who brooded o’er the water in amaze:



The dashing fount poured on, and where its pool



Lay, half asleep, in grass and rushes cool,



Quick waterflies and gnats were sporting still,



And fish were dimpling, as if good nor ill



Had fallen out that hour. The wanderer,



Holding his forehead, to keep off the burr



Of smothering fancies, patiently sat down;



140

And, while beneath the evening’s sleepy frown



Glow-worms began to trim their starry lamps,



Thus breathed he to himself: ‘Whoso encamps



To take a fancied city of delight,



O what a wretch is he! and when ’tis his,



After long toil and travailing, to miss



The kernel of his hopes, how more than vile:



Yet, for him there’s refreshment even in toil;



Another city doth he set about,



Free from the smallest pebble-bead of doubt



150

That he will seize on trickling honey-combs –



Alas, he finds them dry; and then he foams,



And onward to another city speeds.



But this is human life: the war, the deeds,



The disappointment, the anxiety,



Imagination’s struggles, far and nigh,



All human; bearing in themselves this good,



That they are still the air, the subtle food,



To make us feel existence, and to show



How quiet death is. Where soil is men grow,



160

Whether to weeds or flowers; but for me,



There is no depth to strike in. I can see



Naught earthly worth my compassing; so stand



Upon a misty, jutting head of land –



Alone? No, no; and, by the Orphean lute,



When mad Eurydice is listening to’t,



I’d rather stand upon this misty peak,



With not a thing to sigh for, or to seek,



But the soft shadow of my thrice-seen love,



Than be – I care not what. O meekest dove



170

Of heaven! O Cynthia, ten-times bright and fair!



From thy blue throne, now filling all the air,



Glance but one little beam of tempered light



Into my bosom, that the dreadful might



And tyranny of love be somewhat scared!



Yet do not so, sweet queen; one torment spared,



Would give a pang to jealous misery,



Worse than the torment’s self; but rather tie



Large wings upon my shoulders, and point out



My love’s far dwelling. Though the playful rout



180

Of Cupids shun thee, too divine art thou,



Too keen in beauty, for thy silver prow



Not to have dipped in love’s most gentle stream.



O be propitious, nor severely deem



My madness impious; for, by all the stars



That tend thy bidding, I do think the bars



That kept my spirit in are burst – that I



Am sailing with thee through the dizzy sky!



How beautiful thou art! The world how deep!



How tremulous-dazzlingly the wheels sweep



190

Around their axle! Then these gleaming reins,



How lithe! When this thy chariot attains



Its airy goal, haply some bower veils



Those twilight eyes? Those eyes! – my spirit fails



Dear goddess, help! or the wide-gaping air



Will gulf me – help!’ At this with maddened stare



And lifted hands, and trembling lips he stood;



Like old Deucalion mountained o’er the flood,



Or blind Orion hungry for the morn.



And, but from the deep cavern there was borne



200

A voice, he had been froze to senseless stone;



Nor sigh of his, nor plaint, nor passioned moan



Had more been heard. Thus swelled it forth: ‘Descend,



Young mountaineer! descend where alleys bend



Into the sparry hollows of the world!



Oft hast thou seen bolts of the thunder hurled



As from thy threshold; day by day hast been



A little lower than the chilly sheen



Of icy pinnacles, and dippedst thine arms



Into the deadening ether that still charms



210

Their marble being: now, as deep profound



As those are high, descend! He ne’er is crowned



With immortality, who fears to follow



Where airy voices lead: so through the hollow,



The silent mysteries of earth, descend!’



He heard but the last words, nor could contend



One moment in reflection: for he fled



Into the fearful deep, to hide his head



From the clear moon, the trees, and coming madness.



’Twas far too strange, and wonderful for sadness;



220

Sharpening, by degrees, his appetite



To dive into the deepest. Dark, nor light,



The region; nor bright, nor sombre wholly,



But mingled up; a gleaming melancholy;



A dusky empire and its diadems;



One faint eternal eventide of gems.



Ay, millions sparkled on a vein of gold,



Along whose track the prince quick footsteps told,



With all its lines abrupt and angular:



Out-shooting sometimes, like a meteor-star,



230

Through a vast antre; then the metal woof,



Like Vulcan’s rainbow, with some monstrous roof



Curves hugely: now, far in the deep abyss,



It seems an angry lightning, and doth hiss



Fancy into belief: anon it leads



Through winding passages, where sameness breeds



Vexing conceptions of some sudden change,



Whether to silver grots, or giant range



Of sapphire columns, or fantastic bridge



Athwart a flood of crystal. On a ridge



240

Now fareth he, that o’er the vast beneath



Towers like an ocean-cliff, and whence he seeth



A hundred waterfalls, whose voices come



But as the murmuring surge. Chilly and numb



His bosom grew, when first he, far away



Descried an orbèd diamond, set to fray



Old darkness from his throne. ’Twas like the sun



Uprisen o’er chaos, and with such a stun



Came the amazement, that, absorbed in it,



He saw not fiercer wonders – past the wit



250

Of any spirit to tell, but one of those



Who, when this planet’s sphering time doth close,



Will be its high remembrancers. Who they?



The mighty ones who have made eternal day



For Greece and England. While astonishment



With deep-drawn sighs was quieting, he went



Into a marble gallery, passing through



A mimic temple, so complete and true



In sacred custom, that he well nigh feared



To search it inwards; whence far off appeared,



260

Through a long pillared vista, a fair shrine,



And, just beyond, on light tip-toe divine,



A quivered Dian. Stepping awfully,



The youth approached, oft turning his veiled eye



Down sidelong aisles, and into niches old.



And when, more near against the marble cold



He had touched his forehead, he began to thread



All courts and passages, where silence dead,



Roused by his whispering footsteps, murmured faint:



And long he traversed to and fro, to acquaint



270

Himself with every mystery, and awe;



Till, weary, he sat down before the maw



Of a wide outlet, fathomless and dim,



To wild uncertainty and shadows grim.



There, when new wonders ceased to float before,



And thoughts of self came on, how crude and sore



The journey homeward to habitual self!



A mad-pursuing of the fog-born elf,



Whose flitting lantern, through rude nettle-briar,



Cheats us into a swamp, into a fire,



280

Into the bosom of a hated thing.



What misery most drowningly doth sing



In lone Endymion’s ear, now he has raught



The goal of consciousness? Ah, ’tis the thought,



The deadly feel of solitude: for lo!



He cannot see the heavens, nor the flow



Of rivers, nor hill-flowers running wild



In pink and purple chequer, nor, up-piled,



The cloudy rack slow journeying in the west,



Like herded elephants; nor felt, nor pressed



290

Cool grass, nor tasted the fresh slumbrous air;



But far from such companionship to wear



An unknown time, surcharged with grief, away,



Was now his lot. And must he patient stay,



Tracing fantastic figures with his spear?



‘No!’ exclaimed he, ‘why should I tarry here?’



‘No!’ loudly echoed times innumerable.



At which he straightway started, and ’gan tell



His paces back into the temple’s chief,



Warming and glowing strong in the belief



300

Of help from Dian: so that when again



He caught her airy form, thus did he plain,



Moving more near the while: ‘O Haunter chaste



Of river sides, and woods, and heathy waste,



Where with thy silver bow and arrows keen



Art thou now forested! O woodland Queen,



What smoothest air thy smoother forehead woos?



Where dost thou listen to the wide halloos



Of thy disparted nymphs? Through what dark tree



Glimmers thy crescent? Wheresoe’er it be,



310

’Tis in the breath of heaven: thou dost taste



Freedom as none can taste it, nor dost waste



Thy loveliness in dismal elements;



But, finding on our green earth sweet contents,



There livest blissfully. Ah, if to thee



It feels Elysian, how rich to me,



An exil’d mortal, sounds its pleasant name!



Within my breast there lives a choking flame –



O let me cool’t the zephyr-boughs among!



A homeward fever parches up my tongue –



320

O let me slake it at the running springs!



Upon my ear a noisy nothing rings –



O let me once more hear the linnet’s note!



Before mine eyes thick films and shadows float –



O let me ’noint them with the heaven’s light!



Dost thou now lave thy feet and ankles white?



O think how sweet to me the freshening sluice!



Dost thou now please thy thirst with berry-juice?



O think how this dry palate would rejoice!



If in soft slumber thou dost hear my voice,



330

O think how I should love a bed of flowers! –



Young, goddess! let me see my native bowers!



Deliver me from this rapacious deep!’



Thus ending loudly, as he would o’erleap



His destiny, alert he stood: but when



Obstinate silence came heavily again,



Feeling about for its old couch of space



And airy cradle, lowly bowed his face



Desponding, o’er the marble floor’s cold thrill.



But ’twas not long; for, sweeter than the rill



340

To its cold channel, or a swollen tide



To margin sallows, were the leaves he spied,



And flowers, and wreaths, and ready myrtle crowns



Up-heaping through the slab. Refreshment drowns



Itself, and strives its own delights to hide –



Nor in one spot alone; the floral pride



In a long whispering birth enchanted grew



Before his footsteps; as when heaved anew



Old ocean rolls a lengthened wave to the shore,



Down whose green back the short-lived foam, all hoar,



350

Bursts gradual, with a wayward indolence.



Increasing still in heart, and pleasant sense,



Upon his fairy journey on he hastes;



So anxious for the end, he scarcely wastes



One moment with his hand among the sweets:



Onward he goes – he stops – his bosom beats



As plainly in his ear, as the faint charm



Of which the throbs were born. This still alarm,



This sleepy music, forced him walk tip-toe:



For it came more softly than the east could blow



360

Arion’s magic to the Atlantic isles;



Or than the west, made jealous by the smiles



Of throned Apollo, could breathe back the lyre



To seas Ionian and Tyrian.



O did he ever live, that lonely man,



Who loved – and music slew not? ’Tis the pest



Of love, that fairest joys give most unrest;



That things of delicate and tenderest worth



Are swallowed all, and made a searèd dearth,



By one consuming flame – it doth immerse



370

And suffocate true blessings in a curse.



Half-happy, by comparison of bliss,



Is miserable. ’Twas even so with this



Dew-dropping melody, in the Carian’s ear;



First heaven, then hell, and then forgotten clear,



Vanished in elemental passion.



And down some swart abysm he had gone,



Had not a heavenly guide benignant led



To where thick myrtle branches, ’gainst his head



Brushing, awakened: then the sounds again



380

Went noiseless as a passing noontide rain



Over a bower, where little space he stood;



For as the sunset peeps into a wood



So saw he panting light, and towards it went



Through winding alleys – and lo, wonderment!



Upon soft verdure saw, one here, one there,



Cupids a-slumbering on their pinions fair.



After a thousand mazes overgone,



At last, with sudden step, he came upon



A chamber, myrtle walled, embowered high,



390

Full of light, incense, tender minstrelsy,



And more of beautiful and strange beside:



For on a silken couch of rosy pride,



In midst of all, there lay a sleeping youth



Of fondest beauty; fonder, in fair sooth,



Than sighs could fathom, or contentment reach:



And coverlids gold-tinted like the peach,



Or ripe October faded marigolds,



Fell sleek about him in a thousand folds –



Not hiding up an Apollonian curve



400

Of neck and shoulder, nor the tenting swerve



Of knee from knee, nor ankles pointing light;



But rather, giving them to the fillèd sight



Officiously. Sideway his face reposed



On one white arm, and tenderly unclosed,



By tenderest pressure, a faint damask mouth



To slumbery pout; just as the morning south



Disparts a dew-lipped rose. Above his head,



Four lily stalks did their white honours wed



To make a coronal; and round him grew



410

All tendrils green, of every bloom and hue,



Together intertwined and trammelled fresh:



The vine of glossy sprout; the ivy mesh,



Shading its Ethiope berries; and woodbine,



Of velvet leaves and bugle-blooms divine;



Convolvulus in streakèd vases flush;



The creeper, mellowing for an autumn blush;



And virgin’s bower, trailing airily;



With others of the sisterhood. Hard by,



Stood serene Cupids watching silently.



420

One, kneeling to a lyre, touched the strings,



Muffling to death the pathos with his wings;



And, ever and anon, uprose to look



At the youth’s slumber; while another took



A willow-bough, distilling odorous dew,



And shook it on his hair; another flew



In through the woven roof, and fluttering-wise



Rained violets upon his sleeping eyes.



At these enchantments, and yet many more,



The breathless Latmian wondered o’er and o’er;



430

Until, impatient in embarrassment,



He forthright passed, and lightly treading went



To that same feathered lyrist, who straightway,



Smiling, thus whispered: ‘Though from upper day



Thou art a wanderer, and thy presence here



Might seem unholy, be of happy cheer!



For ’tis the nicest touch of human honour,



When some ethereal and high-favouring donor



Presents immortal bowers to mortal sense –



As now ’tis done to thee, Endymion. Hence



440

Was I in no wise startled. So recline



Upon these living flowers. Here is wine,



Alive with sparkles – never, I aver,



Since Ariadne was a vintager,



So cool a purple: taste these juicy pears,



Sent me by sad Vertumnus, when his fears



Were high about Pomona: here is cream,



Deepening to richness from a snowy gleam;



Sweeter than that nurse Amalthea skimmed



For the boy Jupiter: and here, undimmed



450

By any touch, a bunch of blooming plums



Ready to melt between an infant’s gums:



And here is manna picked from Syrian trees,



In starlight, by the three Hesperides.



Feast on, and meanwhile I will let thee know



Of all these things around us.’ He did so,



Still brooding o’er the cadence of his lyre;



And thus: ‘I need not any hearing tire



By telling how the sea-born goddess pined



For a mortal youth, and how she strove to bind



460

Him all in all unto her doting self.



Who would not be so prisoned? but, fond elf,



He was content to let her amorous plea



Faint through his careless arms; content to see



An unseized heaven dying at his feet;



Content, O fool! to make a cold retreat,



When on the pleasant grass such love, lovelorn,



Lay sorrowing; when every tear was born



Of diverse passion; when her lips and eyes



Were closed in sullen moisture, and quick sighs



470

Came vexed and pettish through her nostrils small.



Hush! no exclaim – yet, justly mightest thou call



Curses upon his head. – I was half glad,



But my poor mistress went distract and mad,



When the boar tusked him: so away she flew



To Jove’s high throne, and by her plainings drew



Immortal tear-drops down the thunderer’s beard;



Whereon, it was decreed he should be reared



Each summer-time to life. Lo! this is he,



That same Adonis, safe in the privacy



480

Of this still region all his winter-sleep.



Ay, sleep; for when our love-sick queen did weep



Over his wanèd corse, the tremulous shower



Healed up the wound, and, with a balmy power,



Medicined death to a lengthened drowsiness:



The which she fills with visions, and doth dress



In all this quiet luxury; and hath set



Us young immortals, without any let,



To watch his slumber through. ’Tis well nigh passed,



Even to a moment’s filling up, and fast



490

She scuds with summer breezes, to pant through



The first long kiss, warm firstling, to renew



Embowered sports in Cytherea’s isle.



Look! how those wingèd listeners all this while



Stand anxious! See! behold!’ – This clamant word



Broke through the careful silence; for they heard



A rustling noise of leaves, and out there fluttered



Pigeons and doves: Adonis something muttered



The while one hand, that erst upon his thigh



Lay dormant, moved convulsed and gradually



500

Up to his forehead. Then there was a hum



Of sudden voices, echoing, ‘Come! come!



Arise! awake! Clear summer has forth walked



Unto the clover-sward, and she has talked



Full soothingly to every nested finch:



Rise, Cupids! or we’ll give the blue-bell pinch



To your dimpled arms. Once more sweet life begin!’



At this, from every side they hurried in,



Rubbing their sleepy eyes with lazy wrists,



And doubling over head their little fists



510

In backward yawns. But all were soon alive:



For as delicious wine doth, sparkling, dive



In nectared clouds and curls through water fair,



So from the arbour roof down swelled an air



Odorous and enlivening; making all



To laugh, and play, and sing, and loudly call



For their sweet queen – when lo! the wreathèd green



Disparted, and far upward could be seen



Blue heaven, and a silver car, air-borne,



Whose silent wheels, fresh wet from clouds of morn,



520

Spun off a drizzling dew, which falling chill



On soft Adonis’ shoulders, made him still



Nestle and turn uneasily about.



Soon were the white doves plain, with necks stretched out,



And silken traces tightened in descent;



And soon, returning from love’s banishment,



Queen Venus leaning downward open-armed.



Her shadow fell upon his breast, and charmed



A tumult to his heart, and a new life



Into his eyes. Ah, miserable strife,



530

But for her comforting! unhappy sight,



But meeting her blue orbs! Who, who can write



Of these first minutes? The unchariest muse



To embracements warm as theirs makes coy excuse.



O it has ruffled every spirit there,



Saving Love’s self, who stands superb to share



The general gladness. Awfully he stands;



A sovereign quell is in his waving hands;



No sight can bear the lightning of his bow;



His quiver is mysterious, none can know



540

What themselves think of it; from forth his eyes



There darts strange light of varied hues and dyes;



A scowl is sometimes on his brow, but who



Look full upon it feel anon the blue



Of his fair eyes run liquid through their souls.



Endymion feels it, and no more controls



The burning prayer within him; so, bent low,



He had begun a plaining of his woe.



But Venus, bending forward, said: ‘My child,



Favour this gentle youth; his days are wild



550

With love – he – but alas! too well I see



Thou know’st the deepness of his misery.



Ah, smile not so, my son: I tell thee true,



That when through heavy hours I used to rue



The endless sleep of this new-born Adon’,



This stranger aye I pitied. For upon



A dreary morning once I fled away



Into the breezy clouds, to weep and pray



For this my love, for vexing Mars had teased



Me even to tears. Thence, when a little eased,



560

Down-looking, vacant, through a hazy wood,



I saw this youth as he despairing stood:



Those same dark curls blown vagrant in the wind;



Those same full-fringèd lids a constant blind



Over his sullen eyes. I saw him throw



Himself on withered leaves, even as though



Death had come sudden; for no jot he moved,



Yet muttered wildly. I could hear he loved



Some fair immortal, and that his embrace



Had zoned her through the night. There is no trace



570

Of this in heaven: I have marked each cheek,



And find it is the vainest thing to seek;



And that of all things ’tis kept secretest.



Endymion! one day thou wilt be blest:



So still obey the guiding hand that fends



Thee safely through these wonders for sweet ends.



’Tis a concealment needful in extreme,



And if I guessed not so, the sunny beam



Thou shouldst mount up to with me. Now adieu!



Here must we leave thee.’ – At these words up-flew



580

The impatient doves, up-rose the floating car,



Up went the hum celestial. High afar



The Latmian saw them minish into naught;



And, when all were clear vanished, still he caught



A vivid lightning from that dreadful bow.



When all was darkened, with Aetnean throe



The earth closed – gave a solitary moan –



And left him once again in twilight lone.



He did not rave, he did not stare aghast,



For all those visions were o’ergone, and passed,



590

And he in loneliness: he felt assured



Of happy times, when all he had endured



Would seem a feather to the mighty prize.



So, with unusual gladness, on he hies



Through caves, and palaces of mottled ore,



Gold dome, and crystal wall, and turquoise floor,



Black polished porticoes of awful shade,



And, at the last, a diamond balustrade,



Leading afar past wild magnificence,



Spiral through ruggedest loopholes, and thence



600

Stretching across a void, then guiding o’er



Enormous chasms, where, all foam and roar,



Streams subterranean tease their granite beds;



Then heightened just above the silvery heads



Of a thousand fountains, so that he could dash



The waters with his spear – but at the splash,



Done heedlessly, those spouting columns rose



Sudden a poplar’s height, and ’gan enclose



His diamond path with fretwork, streaming round



Alive, and dazzling cool, and with a sound,



610

Haply, like dolphin tumults, when sweet shells



Welcome the float of Thetis. Long he dwells



On this delight; for, every minute’s space,



The streams with changèd magic interlace:



Sometimes like delicatest lattices,



Covered with crystal vines; then weeping trees,



Moving about as in a gentle wind,



Which, in a wink, to watery gauze refined,



Poured into shapes of curtained canopies,



Spangled, and rich with liquid broideries



620

Of flowers, peacocks, swans, and naiads fair.



Swifter than lightning went these wonders rare;



And then the water, into stubborn streams



Collecting, mimicked the wrought oaken beams,



Pillars, and frieze, and high fantastic roof,



Of those dusk places in times far aloof



Cathedrals called. He bade a loth farewell



To these founts Protean, passing gulf, and dell,



And torrent, and ten thousand jutting shapes,



Half seen through deepest gloom, and grisly gapes,



630

Blackening on every side, and overhead



A vaulted dome like Heaven’s, far bespread



With starlight gems: ay, all so huge and strange,



The solitary felt a hurried change



Working within him into something dreary –



Vexed like a morning eagle, lost, and weary,



And purblind amid foggy, midnight wolds.



But he revives at once: for who beholds



New sudden things, nor casts his mental slough?



Forth from a rugged arch, in the dusk below,



640

Came mother Cybele! alone – alone –



In sombre chariot; dark foldings thrown



About her majesty, and front death-pale,



With turrets crowned. Four manèd lions hale



The sluggish wheels; solemn their toothèd maws,



Their surly eyes brow-hidden, heavy paws



Uplifted drowsily, and nervy tails



Cowering their tawny brushes. Silent sails



This shadowy queen athwart, and faints away



In another gloomy arch.



Wherefore delay,



650

Young traveller, in such a mournful place?



Art thou wayworn, or canst not further trace



The diamond path? And does it indeed end



Abrupt in middle air? Yet earthward bend



Thy forehead, and to Jupiter cloud-borne



Call ardently! He was indeed wayworn;



Abrupt, in middle air, his way was lost;



To cloud-borne Jove he bowed, and there crossed



Towards him a large eagle, ’twixt whose wings,



Without one impious word, himself he flings,



660

Committed to the darkness and the gloom:



Down, down, uncertain to what pleasant doom,



Swift as a fathoming plummet down he fell



Through unknown things, till exhaled asphodel,



And rose, with spicy fannings interbreathed,



Came swelling forth where little caves were wreathed



So thick with leaves and mosses, that they seemed



Large honey-combs of green, and freshly teemed



With airs delicious. In the greenest nook



The eagle landed him, and farewell took.



670

It was a jasmine bower, all bestrown



With golden moss. His every sense had grown



Ethereal for pleasure; ’bove his head



Flew a delight half-graspable; his tread



Was Hesperian; to his capable ears



Silence was music from the holy spheres;



A dewy luxury was in his eyes;



The little flowers felt his pleasant sighs



And stirred them faintly. Verdant cave and cell



He wandered through, oft wondering at such swell



680

Of sudden exaltation: but, ‘Alas!’



Said he, ‘will all this gush of feeling pass



Away in solitude? And must they wane,



Like melodies upon a sandy plain,



Without an echo? Then shall I be left



So sad, so melancholy, so bereft!



Yet still I feel immortal! O my love,



My breath of life, where art thou? High above,



Dancing before the morning gates of heaven?



Or keeping watch among those starry seven,



690

Old Atlas’ children? Art a maid of the waters,



One of shell-winding Triton’s bright-haired daughters?



Or art – impossible – a nymph of Dian’s,



Weaving a coronal of tender scions



For very idleness? Where’er thou art,



Methinks it now is at my will to start



Into thine arms; to scare Aurora’s train,



And snatch thee from the morning; o’er the main



To scud like a wild bird, and take thee off



From thy sea-foamy cradle; or to doff



700

Thy shepherd vest, and woo thee mid fresh leaves.



No, no, too eagerly my soul deceives



Its powerless self: I know this cannot be.



O let me then by some sweet dreaming flee



To her entrancements. Hither, Sleep, awhile!



Hither, most gentle Sleep! and soothing foil



For some few hours the coming solitude.’



Thus spake he, and that moment felt endued



With power to dream deliciously; so wound



Through a dim passage, searching till he found



710

The smoothest mossy bed and deepest, where



He threw himself, and just into the air



Stretching his indolent arms, he took – O bliss! –



A naked waist: ‘Fair Cupid, whence is this?’



A well-known voice sighed, ‘Sweetest, here am I!’



At which soft ravishment, with doting cry



They trembled to each other. – Helicon!



O fountained hill! Old Homer’s Helicon!



That thou wouldst spout a little streamlet o’er



These sorry pages! Then the verse would soar



720

And sing above this gentle pair, like lark



Over his nested young: but all is dark



Around thine agèd top, and thy clear fount



Exhales in mists to heaven. Ay, the count



Of mighty Poets is made up; the scroll



Is folded by the Muses; the bright roll



Is in Apollo’s hand: our dazèd eyes



Have seen a new tinge in the western skies:



The world has done its duty. Yet, oh yet,



Although the sun of poesy is set,



730

These lovers did embrace, and we must weep



That there is no old power left to steep



A quill immortal in their joyous tears.



Long time in silence did their anxious fears



Question that thus it was; long time they lay



Fondling and kissing every doubt away;



Long time ere soft caressing sobs began



To mellow into words, and then there ran



Two bubbling springs of talk from their sweet lips.



‘O known Unknown! from whom my being sips



740

Such darling essence, wherefore may I not



Be ever in these arms? in this sweet spot



Pillow my chin for ever? ever press



These toying hands and kiss their smooth excess?



Why not for ever and for ever feel



That breath about my eyes? Ah, thou wilt steal



Away from me again, indeed, indeed –



Thou wilt be gone away, and wilt not heed



My lonely madness. Speak, delicious fair!



Is – is it to be so? No! Who will dare



750

To pluck thee from me? And, of thine own will,



Full well I feel thou wouldst not leave me. Still



Let me entwine thee surer, surer – now



How can we part? Elysium! who art thou?



Who, that thou canst not be for ever here,



Or lift me with thee to some starry sphere?



Enchantress! tell me by this soft embrace,



By the most soft completion of thy face,



Those lips, O slippery blisses, twinkling eyes



And by these tenderest, milky sovereignties –



760

These tenderest – and by the nectar-wine,



The passion –’ ‘O doved Ida the divine!



Endymion! dearest! Ah, unhappy me!



His soul will ’scape us – O felicity!



How he does love me! His poor temples beat



To the very tune of love – how sweet, sweet, sweet.



Revive, dear youth, or I shall faint and die;



Revive, or these soft hours will hurry by



In trancèd dullness; speak, and let that spell



Affright this lethargy! I cannot quell



770

Its heavy pressure, and will press at least



My lips to thine, that they may richly feast



Until we taste the life of love again.



What! dost thou move? dost kiss? O bliss! O pain!



I love thee, youth, more than I can conceive;



And so long absence from thee doth bereave



My soul of any rest – yet must I hence.



Yet, can I not to starry eminence



Uplift thee; nor for very shame can own



Myself to thee. Ah, dearest, do not groan



780

Or thou wilt force me from this secrecy,



And I must blush in heaven. O that I



Had done ’t already; that the dreadful smiles



At my lost brightness, my impassioned wiles,



Had wanèd from Olympus’ solemn height,



And from all serious Gods; that our delight



Was quite forgotten, save of us alone!



And wherefore so ashamed? ’Tis but to atone



For endless pleasure, by some coward blushes:



Yet must I be a coward! – Horror rushes



790

Too palpable before me – the sad look



Of Jove, Minerva’s start – no bosom shook



With awe of purity, no Cupid pinion



In reverence vailed, my crystalline dominion



Half lost, and all old hymns made nullity!



But what is this to love? O I could fly



With thee into the ken of heavenly powers,



So thou wouldst thus, for many sequent hours,



Press me so sweetly. Now I swear at once



That I am wise, that Pallas is a dunce –



800

Perhaps her love like mine is but unknown –



O I do think that I have been alone



In chastity! Yes, Pallas has been sighing,



While every eve saw me my hair up-tying



With fingers cool as aspen leaves. Sweet love,



I was as vague as solitary dove,



Nor knew that nests were built. Now a soft kiss –



Ay, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss,



An immortality of passion’s thine.



Ere long I will exalt thee to the shine



810

Of heaven ambrosial: and we will shade



Ourselves whole summers by a river glade;



And I will tell thee stories of the sky,



And breathe thee whispers of its minstrelsy.



My happy love will overwing all bounds!



O let me melt into thee; let the sounds



Of our close voices marry at their birth;



Let us entwine hoveringly – O dearth



Of human words! roughness of mortal speech!



Lispings empyrean will I sometime teach



820

Thine honeyed tongue – lute-breathings, which I gasp



To have thee understand, now while I clasp



Thee thus, and weep for fondness – I am pained,



Endymion. Woe! woe! is grief contained



In the very deeps of pleasure, my sole life?’ –



Hereat, with many sobs, her gentle strife



Melted into a languor. He returned



Entrancèd vows and tears.



Ye who have yearned



With too much passion, will here stay and pity



For the mere sake of truth, as ’tis a ditty



830

Not of these days, but long ago ’twas told



By a cavern wind unto a forest old;



And then the forest told it in a dream



To a sleeping lake, whose cool and level gleam



A poet caught as he was journeying



To Phoebus’ shrine; and in it he did fling



His weary limbs, bathing an hour’s space,



And after, straight in that inspired place



He sang the story up into the air,



Giving it universal freedom. There



840

Has it been ever sounding for those ears



Whose tips are glowing hot. The legend cheers



Yon sentinel stars; and he who listens to it



Must surely be self-doomed or he will rue it:



For quenchless burnings come upon the heart,



Made fiercer by a fear lest any part



Should be engulfed in the eddying wind.



As much as here is penned doth always find



A resting place, thus much comes clear and plain.



Anon the strange voice is upon the wane –



850

And ’tis but echoed from departing sound,



That the fair visitant at last unwound



Her gentle limbs, and left the youth asleep. –



Thus the tradition of the gusty deep.



Now turn we to our former chroniclers. –



Endymion awoke, that grief of hers



Sweet-paining on his ear: he sickly guessed



How lone he was once more, and sadly pressed



His empty arms together, hung his head,



And most forlorn upon that widowed bed



860

Sat silently. Love’s madness he had known:



Often with more than tortured lion’s groan



Moanings had burst from him; but now that rage



Had passed away. No longer did he wage



A rough-voiced war against the dooming stars.



No, he had felt too much for such harsh jars.



The lyre of his soul Aeolian-tuned



Forgot all violence, and but communed



With melancholy thought. O he had swooned



Drunken from Pleasure’s nipple; and his love



870

Henceforth was dove-like. Loth was he to move



From the imprinted couch, and when he did,



’Twas with slow, languid paces, and face hid



In muffling hands. So tempered, out he strayed



Half seeing visions that might have dismayed



Alecto’s serpents; ravishments more keen



Than Hermes’ pipe, when anxious he did lean



Over eclipsing eyes; and at the last



It was a sounding grotto, vaulted vast,



O’er-studded with a thousand, thousand pearls,



880

And crimson-mouthèd shells with stubborn curls,



Of every shape and size, even to the bulk



In which whales arbour close, to brood and sulk



Against an endless storm. Moreover too,



Fish-semblances, of green and azure hue,



Ready to snort their streams. In this cool wonder



Endymion sat down, and ’gan to ponder



On all his life: his youth, up to the day



When ’mid acclaim, and feasts, and garlands gay,



He stepped upon his shepherd throne; the look



890

Of his white palace in wild forest nook,



And all the revels he had lorded there;



Each tender maiden whom he once thought fair,



With every friend and fellow-woodlander –



Passed like a dream before him. Then the spur



Of the old bards to mighty deeds; his plans



To nurse the golden age ’mong shepherd clans;



That wondrous night; the great Pan-festival;



His sister’s sorrow; and his wanderings all,



Until into the earth’s deep maw he rushed;



900

Then all its buried magic, till it flushed



High with excessive love. ‘And now’, thought he,



‘How long must I remain in jeopardy



Of blank amazements that amaze no more?



Now I have tasted her sweet soul to the core



All other depths are shallow: essences,



Once spiritual, are like muddy lees,



Meant but to fertilize my earthly root,



And make my branches lift a golden fruit



Into the bloom of heaven. Other light,



910

Though it be quick and sharp enough to blight



The Olympian eagle’s vision, is dark,



Dark as the parentage of chaos. Hark!



My silent thoughts are echoing from these shells;



Or they are but the ghosts, the dying swells



Of noises far away? – list!’ – Hereupon



He kept an anxious ear. The humming tone



Came louder, and behold, there as he lay,



On either side out-gushed, with misty spray,



A copious spring; and both together dashed



920

Swift, mad, fantastic round the rocks, and lashed



Among the conches and shells of the lofty grot,



Leaving a trickling dew. At last they shot



Down from the ceiling’s height, pouring a noise



As of some breathless racers whose hopes poise



Upon the last few steps, and with spent force



Along the ground they took a winding course.



Endymion followed – for it seemed that one



Ever pursued, the other strove to shun –



Followed their languid mazes, till well nigh



930

He had left thinking of the mystery,



And was now rapt in tender hoverings



Over the vanished bliss. Ah! what is it sings



His dream away? What melodies are these?



They sound as through the whispering of trees,



Not native in such barren vaults. Give ear!



‘O Arethusa, peerless nymph! why fear



Such tenderness as mine? Great Dian, why,



Why didst thou hear her prayer? O that I



Were rippling round her dainty fairness now,



940

Circling about her waist, and striving how



To entice her to a dive! then stealing in



Between her luscious lips and eyelids thin!



O that her shining hair was in the sun,



And I distilling from it thence to run



In amorous rillets down her shrinking form!



To linger on her lily shoulders, warm



Between her kissing breasts, and every charm



Touch-raptured! – See how painfully I flow;



Fair maid, be pitiful to my great woe.



950

Stay, stay thy weary course, and let me lead,



A happy wooer, to the flowery mead



Where all that beauty snared me.’ – ‘Cruel god,



Desist! or my offended mistress’ nod



Will stagnate all thy fountains – tease me not



With siren words – Ah, have I really got



Such power to madden thee? And is it true –



Away, away, or I shall dearly rue



My very thoughts: in mercy then away,



Kindest Alpheus, for should I obey



960

My own dear will, ’twould be a deadly bane.



O, Oread-Queen! would that thou hadst a pain



Like this of mine, then would I fearless turn



And be a criminal. Alas, I burn,



I shudder – gentle river, get thee hence.



Alpheus! thou enchanter! every sense



Of mine was once made perfect in these woods.



Fresh breezes, bowery lawns, and innocent floods,



Ripe fruits, and lonely couch, contentment gave;



But ever since I heedlessly did lave



970

In thy deceitful stream, a panting glow



Grew strong within me: wherefore serve me so,



And call it love? Alas, ’twas cruelty.



Not once more did I close my happy eye



Amid the thrushes’ song. Away! Avaunt!



O ’twas a cruel thing.’ – ‘Now thou dost taunt



So softly, Arethusa, that I think



If thou wast playing on my shady brink,



Thou wouldst bathe once again. Innocent maid!



Stifle thine heart no more; nor be afraid



980

Of angry powers – there are deities



Will shade us with their wings. Those fitful sighs



’Tis almost death to hear. O let me pour



A dewy balm upon them! – fear no more,



Sweet Arethusa! Dian’s self must feel



Sometimes these very pangs. Dear maiden, steal



Blushing into my soul, and let us fly



These dreary caverns for the open sky.



I will delight thee all my winding course,



From the green sea up to my hidden source



990

About Arcadian forests; and will show



The channels where my coolest waters flow



Through mossy rocks; where, ’mid exuberant green,



I roam in pleasant darkness, more unseen



Than Saturn in his exile; where I brim



Round flowery islands, and take thence a skim



Of mealy sweets, which myriads of bees



Buzz from their honeyed wings: and thou shouldst please



Thyself to choose the richest, where we might



Be incense-pillowed every summer night.



1000

Doff all sad fears, thou white deliciousness,



And let us be thus comforted; unless



Thou couldst rejoice to see my hopeless stream



Hurry distracted from Sol’s temperate beam,



And pour to death along some hungry sands.’ –



‘What can I do, Alpheus? Dian stands



Severe before me. Persecuting fate!



Unhappy Arethusa! thou wast late



A huntress free in –’ At this, sudden fell



Those two sad streams adown a fearful dell.



1010

The Latmian listened, but he heard no more,



Save echo, faint repeating o’er and o’er



The name of Arethusa. On the verge



Of that dark gulf he wept, and said: ‘I urge



Thee, gentle Goddess of my pilgrimage,



By our eternal hopes, to soothe, to assuage,



If thou art powerful, these lovers’ pains;



And make them happy in some happy plains.’



He turned – there was a whelming sound – he stepped –



There was a cooler light; and so he kept



1020

Towards it by a sandy path, and lo!



More suddenly than doth a moment go,



The visions of the earth were gone and fled –



He saw the giant sea above his head.





BOOK III



There are who lord it o’er their fellow-men



With most prevailing tinsel: who unpen



Their baaing vanities, to browse away



The comfortable green and juicy hay



From human pastures; or – O torturing fact! –



Who, through an idiot blink, will see unpacked



Fire-branded foxes to sear up and singe



Our gold and ripe-eared hopes. With not one tinge



Of sanctuary splendour, not a sight



10

Able to face an owl’s, they still are dight



By the blear-eyed nations in empurpled vests,



And crowns, and turbans. With unladen breasts,



Save of blown self-applause, they proudly mount



To their spirit’s perch, their being’s high account,



Their tip-top nothings, their dull skies, their thrones –



Amid the fierce intoxicating tones



Of trumpets, shoutings, and belaboured drums,



And sudden cannon. Ah! how all this hums,



In wakeful ears, like uproar passed and gone –



20

Like thunder clouds that spake to Babylon,



And set those old Chaldeans to their tasks. –



Are then regalities all gilded masks?



No, there are thronèd seats unscalable



But by a patient wing, a constant spell,



Or by ethereal things that, unconfined,



Can make a ladder of the eternal wind,



And poise about in cloudy thunder-tents



To watch the abysm-birth of elements.



Ay, ’bove the withering of old-lipped Fate



30

A thousand Powers keep religious state,



In water, fiery realm, and airy bourne,



And, silent as a consecrated urn,



Hold sphery sessions for a season due.



Yet few of these far majesties – ah, few! –



Have bared their operations to this globe –



Few, who with gorgeous pageantry enrobe



Our piece of heaven – whose benevolence



Shakes hand with our own Ceres, every sense



Filling with spiritual sweets to plenitude,



40

As bees gorge full their cells. And, by the feud



’Twixt Nothing and Creation, I here swear,



Eterne Apollo! that thy Sister fair



Is of all these the gentlier-mightiest.



When thy gold breath is misting in the west,



She unobservèd steals unto her throne,



And there she sits most meek and most alone;



As if she had not pomp subservient;



As if thine eye, high Poet, was not bent



Towards her with the Muses in thine heart;



50

As if the ministering stars kept not apart,



Waiting for silver-footed messages.



O Moon! the oldest shades ’mong oldest trees



Feel palpitations when thou lookest in:



O Moon! old boughs lisp forth a holier din



The while they feel thine airy fellowship.



Thou dost bless everywhere, with silver lip



Kissing dead things to life. The sleeping kine,



Couched in thy brightness, dream of fields divine:



Innumerable mountains rise, and rise,



60

Ambitious for the hallowing of thine eyes;



And yet thy benediction passeth not



One obscure hiding-place, one little spot



Where pleasure may be sent. The nested wren



Has thy fair face within its tranquil ken,



And from beneath a sheltering ivy leaf



Takes glimpses of thee; thou art a relief



To the poor patient oyster, where it sleeps



Within its pearly house. The mighty deeps,



The monstrous sea is thine – the myriad sea!



70

O Moon! far-spooming Ocean bows to thee,



And Tellus feels his forehead’s cumbrous load.



Cynthia! where art thou now? What far abode



Of green or silvery bower doth enshrine



Such utmost beauty? Alas, thou dost pine



For one as sorrowful: thy cheek is pale



For one whose cheek is pale: thou dost bewail



His tears, who weeps for thee. Where dost thou sigh?



Ah! surely that light peeps from Vesper’s eye,



Or what a thing is love! ’Tis She, but lo!



80

How changed, how full of ache, how gone in woe!



She dies at the thinnest cloud; her loveliness



Is wan on Neptune’s blue: yet there’s a stress



Of love-spangles, just off yon cape of trees,



Dancing upon the waves, as if to please



The curly foam with amorous influence.



O, not so idle – for down-glancing thence



She fathoms eddies, and runs wild about



O’erwhelming water-courses; scaring out



The thorny sharks from hiding-holes, and frightening



90

Their savage eyes with unaccustomed lightning.



Where will the splendour be content to reach?



O love! how potent hast thou been to teach



Strange journeyings! Wherever beauty dwells,



In gulf or eyrie, mountains or deep dells,



In light, in gloom, in star or blazing sun,



Thou pointest out the way, and straight ’tis won.



Amid his toil thou gav’st Leander breath;



Thou leddest Orpheus through the gleams of death;



Thou madest Pluto bear thin element;



100

And now, O wingèd Chieftain! thou hast sent



A moon-beam to the deep, deep water-world,



To find Endymion.



On gold sand impearled



With lily shells, and pebbles milky-white,



Poor Cynthia greeted him, and soothed her light



Against his pallid face: he felt the charm



To breathlessness, and suddenly a warm



Of his heart’s blood. ’Twas very sweet. He stayed



His wandering steps, and half-entrancèd laid



His head upon a tuft of straggling weeds,



110

To taste the gentle moon, and freshening beads,



Lashed from the crystal roof by fishes’ tails.



And so he kept, until the rosy veils



Mantling the east by Aurora’s peering hand



Were lifted from the water’s breast, and fanned



Into sweet air and sobered morning came



Meekly through billows – when like taper-flame



Left sudden by a dallying breath of air,



He rose in silence, and once more ’gan fare



Along his fated way.



Far had he roamed,



120

With nothing save the hollow vast, that foamed,



Above, around, and at his feet – save things



More dead than Morpheus’ imaginings:



Old rusted anchors, helmets, breast-plates large



Of gone sea-warriors; brazen beaks and targe;



Rudders that for a hundred years had lost



The sway of human hand; gold vase embossed



With long-forgotten story, and wherein



No reveller had ever dipped a chin



But those of Saturn’s vintage; mouldering scrolls,



130

Writ in the tongue of heaven, by those souls



Who first were on the earth; and sculptures rude



In ponderous stone, developing the mood



Of ancient Nox; – then skeletons of man,



Of beast, behemoth, and leviathan,



And elephant, and eagle, and huge jaw



Of nameless monster. A cold leaden awe



These secrets struck into him– and unless



Dian had chased away that heaviness,



He might have died: but now, with cheerèd feel,



140

He onward kept, wooing these thoughts to steal



About the labyrinth in his soul of love.



What is there in thee, Moon! that thou shouldst move



My heart so potently? When yet a child



I oft have dried my tears when thou hast smiled.



Thou seemedst my sister: hand in hand we went



From eve to morn across the firmament.



No apples would I gather from the tree,



Till thou hadst cooled their cheeks deliciously;



No tumbling water ever spake romance,



150

But when my eyes with thine thereon could dance;



No woods were green enough, no bower divine,



Until thou liftedst up thine eyelids fine;



In sowing time ne’er would I dibble take,



Or drop a seed, till thou wast wide awake;



And, in the summer-tide of blossoming,



No one but thee hath heard me blithely sing



And mesh my dewy flowers all the night.



No melody was like a passing sprite



If it went not to solemnize thy reign.



160

Yes, in my boyhood, every joy and pain



By thee were fashioned to the self-same end,



And as I grew in years, still didst thou blend



With all my ardours: thou wast the deep glen –



Thou wast the mountain-top – the sage’s pen –



The poet’s harp – the voice of friends – the sun.



Thou wast the river – thou wast glory won.



Thou wast my clarion’s blast – thou wast my steed –



My goblet full of wine – my topmost deed.



Thou wast the charm of women, lovely Moon!



170

O what a wild and harmonized tune



My spirit struck from all the beautiful!



On some bright essence could I lean, and lull



Myself to immortality: I pressed



Nature’s soft pillow in a wakeful rest.



But, gentle Orb! there came a nearer bliss –



My strange love came – Felicity’s abyss!



She came, and thou didst fade, and fade away –



Yet not entirely. No, thy starry sway



Has been an under-passion to this hour.



180

Now I begin to feel thine orby power



Is coming fresh upon me: O be kind,



Keep back thine influence, and do not blind



My sovereign vision. – Dearest love, forgive



That I can think away from thee and live! –



Pardon me, airy planet, that I prize



One thought beyond thine argent luxuries!



How far beyond!’ At this a surprised start



Frosted the springing verdure of his heart;



For as he lifted up his eyes to swear



190

How his own goddess was past all things fair,



He saw far in the concave green of the sea



An old man sitting calm and peacefully.



Upon a weeded rock this old man sat,



And his white hair was awful, and a mat



Of weeds were cold beneath his cold thin feet;



And, ample as the largest winding-sheet,



A cloak of blue wrapped up his agèd bones,



O’erwrought with symbols by the deepest groans



Of ambitious magic: every ocean-form



200

Was woven in with black distinctness; storm,



And calm, and whispering, and hideous roar,



Quicksand, and whirlpool, and deserted shore



Were emblemed in the woof; with every shape



That skims, or dives, or sleeps, ’twixt cape and cape.



The gulfing whale was like a dot in the spell.



Yet look upon it, and ’twould size and swell



To its huge self, and the minutest fish



Would pass the very hardest gazer’s wish,



And show his little eye’s anatomy.



210

Then there was pictured the regality



Of Neptune, and the sea nymphs round his state,



In beauteous vassalage, look up and wait.



Beside this old man lay a pearly wand,



And in his lap a book, the which he conned



So steadfastly, that the new denizen



Had time to keep him in amazèd ken,



To mark these shadowings, and stand in awe.



The old man raised his hoary head and saw



The wildered stranger – seeming not to see,



220

His features were so lifeless. Suddenly



He woke as from a trance; his snow-white brows



Went arching up, and like two magic ploughs



Furrowed deep wrinkles in his forehead large,



Which kept as fixedly as rocky marge,



Till round his withered lips had gone a smile.



Then up he rose, like one whose tedious toil



Had watched for years in forlorn hermitage,



Who had not from mid-life to utmost age



Eased in one accent his o’er-burdened soul,



230

Even to the trees. He rose: he grasped his stole,



With convulsed clenches waving it abroad,



And in a voice of solemn joy, that awed



Echo into oblivion, he said:



‘Thou art the man! Now shall I lay my head



In peace upon my watery pillow: now



Sleep will come smoothly to my weary brow.



O Jove! I shall be young again, be young!



O shell-borne Neptune, I am pierced and stung



With new-born life! What shall I do? Where go,



240

When I have cast this serpent-skin of woe? –



I’ll swim to the syrens, and one moment listen



Their melodies, and see their long hair glisten;



Anon upon that giant’s arm I’ll be,



That writhes about the roots of Sicily;



To northern seas I’ll in a twinkling sail,



And mount upon the snortings of a whale



To some black cloud; thence down I’ll madly sweep



On forkèd lightning, to the deepest deep,



Where through some sucking pool I will be hurled



250

With rapture to the other side of the world!



O, I am full of gladness! Sisters three,



I bow full hearted to your old decree!



Yes, every god be thanked, and power benign,



For I no more shall wither, droop, and pine.



Thou art the man!’ Endymion started back



Dismayed; and, like a wretch from whom the rack



Tortures hot breath, and speech of agony,



Muttered: ‘What lonely death am I to die



In this cold region? Will he let me freeze,



260

And float my brittle limbs o’er polar seas?



Or will he touch me with his searing hand,



And leave a black memorial on the sand?



Or tear me piece-meal with a bony saw,



And keep me as a chosen food to draw



His magian fish through hated fire and flame?



O misery of hell! resistless, tame,



Am I to be burnt up? No, I will shout,



Until the gods through heaven’s blue look out! –



O Tartarus! but some few days agone



270

Her soft arms were entwining me, and on



Her voice I hung like fruit among green leaves:



Her lips were all my own, and – ah, ripe sheaves



Of happiness! ye on the stubble droop,



But never may be garnered. I must stoop



My head, and kiss death’s foot. Love! love, farewell!



Is there no hope from thee? This horrid spell



Would melt at thy sweet breath. – By Dian’s hind



Feeding from her white fingers, on the wind



I see thy streaming hair! And now, by Pan,



280

I care not for this old mysterious man!’



He spake, and walking to that agèd form,



Looked high defiance. Lo! his heart ’gan warm



With pity, for the grey-haired creature wept.



Had he then wronged a heart where sorrow kept?



Had he, though blindly contumelious, brought



Rheum to kind eyes, a sting to humane thought,



Convulsion to a mouth of many years?



He had in truth; and he was ripe for tears.



The penitent shower fell, as down he knelt



290

Before that care-worn sage, who trembling felt



About his large dark locks, and faltering spake:



‘Arise, good youth, for sacred Phoebus’ sake!



I know thine inmost bosom, and I feel



A very brother’s yearning for thee steal



Into mine own. For why? Thou openest



The prison gates that have so long oppressed



My weary watching. Though thou know’st it not,



Thou art commissioned to this fated spot



For great enfranchisement. O weep no more;



300

I am a friend to love, to loves of yore.



Ay, hadst thou never loved an unknown power,



I had been grieving at this joyous hour.



But even now most miserable old,



I saw thee, and my blood no longer cold



Gave mighty pulses: in this tottering case



Grew a new heart, which at this moment plays



As dancingly as thine. Be not afraid,



For thou shalt hear this secret all displayed,



Now as we speed towards our joyous task.’



310

So saying, this young soul in age’s mask



Went forward with the Carian side by side:



Resuming quickly thus, while ocean’s tide



Hung swollen at their backs, and jewelled sands



Took silently their foot-prints:



‘My soul stands



Now past the midway from mortality,



And so I can prepare without a sigh



To tell thee briefly all my joy and pain.



I was a fisher once, upon this main,



And my boat danced in every creek and bay.



320

Rough billows were my home by night and day –



The sea-gulls not more constant – for I had



No housing from the storm and tempests mad,



But hollow rocks – and they were palaces



Of silent happiness, of slumbrous ease:



Long years of misery have told me so.



Ay, thus it was one thousand years ago.



One thousand years! – Is it then possible



To look so plainly through them? to dispel



A thousand years with backward glance sublime?



330

To breathe away as ’twere all scummy slime



From off a crystal pool, to see its deep,



And one’s own image from the bottom peep?



Yes: now I am no longer wretched thrall,



My long captivity and moanings all



Are but a slime, a thin-pervading scum,



The which I breathe away, and thronging come



Like things of yesterday my youthful pleasures.



‘I touched no lute, I sang not, trod no measures:



I was a lonely youth on desert shores.



340

My sports were lonely, ’mid continuous roars,



And craggy isles, and sea-mew’s plaintive cry



Plaining discrepant between sea and sky.



Dolphins were still my playmates; shapes unseen



Would let me feel their scales of gold and green,



Nor be my desolation; and, full oft,



When a dread waterspout had reared aloft



Its hungry hugeness, seeming ready-ripe



To burst with hoarsest thunderings, and wipe



My life away like a vast sponge of fate,



350

Some friendly monster, pitying my sad state,



Has dived to its foundations, gulfed it down,



And left me tossing safely. But the crown



Of all my life was utmost quietude:



More did I love to lie in cavern rude,



Keeping in wait whole days for Neptune’s voice,



And if it came at last, hark, and rejoice!



There blushed no summer eve but I would steer



My skiff along green shelving coasts, to hear



The shepherd’s pipe come clear from aery steep,



360

Mingled with ceaseless bleatings of his sheep:



And never was a day of summer shine,



But I beheld its birth upon the brine,



For I would watch all night to see unfold



Heaven’s gates, and Aethon snort his morning gold



Wide o’er the swelling streams: and constantly



At brim of day-tide, on some grassy lea,



My nets would be spread out, and I at rest.



The poor folk of the sea-country I blessed



With daily boon of fish most delicate:



370

They knew not whence this bounty, and elate



Would strew sweet flowers on a sterile beach.



‘Why was I not contented? Wherefore reach



At things which, but for thee, O Latmian!



Had been my dreary death? Fool! I began



To feel distempered longings: to desire



The utmost privilege that ocean’s sire



Could grant in benediction – to be free



Of all his kingdom. Long in misery



I wasted, ere in one extremest fit



380

I plunged for life or death. To interknit



One’s senses with so dense a breathing stuff



Might seem a work of pain; so not enough



Can I admire how crystal-smooth it felt,



And buoyant round my limbs. At first I dwelt



Whole days and days in sheer astonishment,



Forgetful utterly of self-intent,



Moving but with the mighty ebb and flow.



Then, like a new-fledged bird that first doth show



His spreaded feathers to the morrow chill,



390

I tried in fear the pinions of my will.



’Twas freedom! and at once I visited



The ceaseless wonders of this ocean-bed.



No need to tell thee of them, for I see



That thou hast been a witness – it must be –



For these I know thou canst not feel a drouth,



By the melancholy corners of that mouth.



So I will in my story straightway pass



To more immediate matter. Woe, alas!



That love should be my bane! Ah, Scylla fair!



400

Why did poor Glaucus ever, ever dare



To sue thee to his heart? Kind stranger-youth!



I loved her to the very white of truth,



And she would not conceive it. Timid thing!



She fled me swift as sea-bird on the wing,



Round every isle, and point, and promontory,



From where large Hercules wound up his story



Far as Egyptian Nile. My passion grew



The more, the more I saw her dainty hue



Gleam delicately through the azure clear,



410

Until ’twas too fierce agony to bear;



And in that agony, across my grief



It flashed, that Circe might find some relief –



Cruel enchantress! So above the water



I reared my head, and looked for Phoebus’ daughter.



Aeaea’s isle was wondering at the moon: –



It seemed to whirl around me, and a swoon



Left me dead-drifting to that fatal power.



‘When I awoke, ’twas in a twilight bower;



Just when the light of morn, with hum of bees,



420

Stole through its verdurous matting of fresh trees.



How sweet, and sweeter! for I heard a lyre,



And over it a sighing voice expire.



It ceased – I caught light footsteps; and anon



The fairest face that morn e’er looked upon



Pushed through a screen of roses. Starry Jove!



With tears, and smiles, and honey-words she wove



A net whose thraldom was more bliss than all



The range of flowered Elysium. Thus did fall



The dew of her rich speech: “Ah! Art awake?



430

O let me hear thee speak, for Cupid’s sake!



I am so oppressed with joy! Why, I have shed



An urn of tears, as though thou wert cold-dead.



And now I find thee living, I will pour



From these devoted eyes their silver store,



Until exhausted of the latest drop,



So it will pleasure thee, and force thee stop



Here, that I too may live: but if beyond



Such cool and sorrowful offerings, thou art fond



Of soothing warmth, of dalliance supreme;



440

If thou art ripe to taste a long love-dream;



If smiles, if dimples, tongues for ardour mute,



Hang in thy vision like a tempting fruit,



O let me pluck it for thee.” Thus she linked



Her charming syllables, till indistinct



Their music came to my o’er-sweetened soul;



And then she hovered over me, and stole



So near, that if no nearer it had been



This furrowed visage thou hadst never seen.



‘Young man of Latmos! thus particular



450

Am I, that thou mayst plainly see how far



This fierce temptation went: and thou mayst not



Exclaim, “How then, was Scylla quite forgot?”



‘Who could resist? Who in this universe?



She did so breathe ambrosia; so immerse



My fine existence in a golden clime.



She took me like a child of suckling time,



And cradled me in roses. Thus condemned,



The current of my former life was stemmed,



And to this arbitrary queen of sense



460

I bowed a trancèd vassal: nor would thence



Have moved, even though Amphion’s harp had wooed



Me back to Scylla o’er the billows rude.



For as Apollo each eve doth devise



A new apparelling for western skies,



So every eve, nay, every spendthrift hour,



Shed balmy consciousness within that bower.



And I was free of haunts umbrageous;



Could wander in the mazy forest-house



Of squirrels, foxes shy, and antlered deer,



470

And birds from coverts innermost and drear



Warbling for very joy mellifluous sorrow –



To me new born delights!



‘Now let me borrow,



For moments few, a temperament as stern



As Pluto’s sceptre, that my words not burn



These uttering lips, while I in calm speech tell



How specious heaven was changed to real hell.



‘One morn she left me sleeping: half awake



I sought for her smooth arms and lips, to slake



My greedy thirst with nectarous camel-draughts;



480

But she was gone. Whereat the barbèd shafts



Of disappointment stuck in me so sore,



That out I ran and searched the forest o’er.



Wandering about in pine and cedar gloom



Damp awe assailed me; for there ’gan to boom



A sound of moan, an agony of sound,



Sepulchral from the distance all around.



Then came a conquering earth-thunder, and rumbled



That fierce complain to silence, while I stumbled



Down a precipitous path, as if impelled.



490

I came to a dark valley. – Groanings swelled



Poisonous about my ears, and louder grew,



The nearer I approached a flame’s gaunt blue,



That glared before me through a thorny brake.



This fire, like the eye of gordian snake,



Bewitched me towards, and I soon was near



A sight too fearful for the feel of fear:



In thicket hid I cursed the haggard scene –



The banquet of my arms, my arbour queen,



Seated upon an up-torn forest root;



500

And all around her shapes, wizard and brute,



Laughing, and wailing, grovelling, serpenting,



Showing tooth, tusk, and venom-bag, and sting!



O such deformities! Old Charon’s self,



Should he give up awhile his penny pelf,



And take a dream ’mong rushes Stygian,



It could not be so phantasied. Fierce, wan,



And tyrannizing was the lady’s look,



As over them a gnarlèd staff she shook.



Oft-times upon the sudden she laughed out,



510

And from a basket emptied to the rout



Clusters of grapes, the which they ravened quick



And roared for more; with many a hungry lick



About their shaggy jaws. Avenging, slow,



Anon she took a branch of mistletoe,



And emptied on’t a black dull-gurgling phial –



Groaned one and all, as if some piercing trial



Was sharpening for their pitiable bones.



She lifted up the charm: appealing groans



From their poor breasts went sueing to her ear



520

In vain; remorseless as an infant’s bier



She whisked against their eyes the sooty oil.



Whereat was heard a noise of painful toil,



Increasing gradual to a tempest rage,



Shrieks, yells, and groans of torture-pilgrimage;



Until their grievèd bodies ’gan to bloat



And puff from the tail’s end to stiflèd throat.



Then was appalling silence: then a sight



More wildering than all that hoarse affright;



For the whole herd, as by a whirlwind writhen,



530

Went through the dismal air like one huge Python



Antagonizing Boreas – and so vanished.



Yet there was not a breath of wind: she banished



These phantoms with a nod. Lo! from the dark



Came waggish fauns, and nymphs, and satyrs stark,



With dancing and loud revelry – and went



Swifter than centaurs after rapine bent.



Sighing an elephant appeared and bowed



Before the fierce witch, speaking thus aloud



In human accent: “Potent goddess! chief



540

Of pains resistless! make my being brief,



Or let me from this heavy prison fly –



Or give me to the air, or let me die!



I sue not for my happy crown again;



I sue not for my phalanx on the plain;



I sue not for my lone, my widowed wife;



I sue not for my ruddy drops of life,



My children fair, my lovely girls and boys!



I will forget them; I will pass these joys;



Ask naught so heavenward, so too, too high:



550

Only I pray, as fairest boon, to die,



Or be delivered from this cumbrous flesh,



From this gross, detestable, filthy mesh,



And merely given to the cold bleak air.



Have mercy, Goddess! Circe, feel my prayer!”



‘That cursed magician’s name fell icy numb



Upon my wild conjecturing: truth had come



Naked and sabre-like against my heart.



I saw a fury whetting a death-dart;



And my slain spirit, overwrought with fright,



560

Fainted away in that dark lair of night.



Think, my deliverer, how desolate



My waking must have been! disgust, and hate,



And terrors manifold divided me



A spoil amongst them. I prepared to flee



Into the dungeon core of that wild wood:



I fled three days – when lo! before me stood



Glaring the angry witch. O Dis! even now,



A clammy dew is beading on my brow,



At mere remembering her pale laugh, and curse.



570

“Ha! ha! Sir Dainty! there must be a nurse



Made of rose leaves and thistledown, express,



To cradle thee my sweet, and lull thee – yes,



I am too flinty-hard for thy nice touch:



My tenderest squeeze is but a giant’s clutch.



So, fairy-thing, it shall have lullabies



Unheard of yet: and it shall still its cries



Upon some breast more lily-feminine.



Oh, no – it shall not pine, and pine, and pine



More than one pretty, trifling thousand years;



580

And then ’twere pity, but fate’s gentle shears



Cut short its immortality. Sea-flirt!



Young dove of the waters! truly I’ll not hurt



One hair of thine: see how I weep and sigh,



That our heart-broken parting is so nigh.



And must we part? Ah, yes, it must be so.



Yet ere thou leavest me in utter woe,



Let me sob over thee my last adieus,



And speak a blessing. Mark me! Thou hast thews



Immortal, for thou art of heavenly race:



590

But such a love is mine, that here I chase



Eternally away from thee all bloom



Of youth, and destine thee towards a tomb.



Hence shalt thou quickly to the watery vast;



And there, ere many days be overpassed,



Disabled age shall seize thee; and even then



Thou shalt not go the way of agèd men;



But live and wither, cripple and still breathe



Ten hundred years – which gone, I then bequeath



Thy fragile bones to unknown burial.



600

Adieu, sweet love, adieu!” – As shot stars fall,



She fled ere I could groan for mercy. Stung



And poisoned was my spirit; despair sung



A war-song of defiance ’gainst all hell.



A hand was at my shoulder to compel



My sullen steps; another ’fore my eyes



Moved on with pointed finger. In this guise



Enforcèd, at the last by ocean’s foam



I found me – by my fresh, my native home.



Its tempering coolness, to my life akin,



610

Came salutary as I waded in;



And, with a blind voluptuous rage, I gave



Battle to the swollen billow-ridge, and drave



Large froth before me, while there yet remained



Hale strength, nor from my bones all marrow drained.



‘Young lover, I must weep – such hellish spite



With dry cheek who can tell? While thus my might



Proving upon this element, dismayed,



Upon a dead thing’s face my hand I laid.



I looked – ’twas Scylla! Cursèd, cursèd Circe!



620

O vulture-witch, hast never heard of mercy?



Could not thy harshest vengeance be content,



But thou must nip this tender innocent



Because I loved her? – Cold, O cold indeed



Were her fair limbs, and like a common weed



The sea-swell took her hair. Dead as she was



I clung about her waist, nor ceased to pass



Fleet as an arrow through unfathomed brine,



Until there shone a fabric crystalline,



Ribbed and inlaid with coral, pebble, and pearl.



630

Headlong I darted; at one eager swirl



Gained its bright portal, entered, and behold!



’Twas vast, and desolate, and icy-cold;



And all around – But wherefore this to thee



Who in few minutes more thyself shalt see? –



I left poor Scylla in a niche and fled.



My fevered parchings up, my scathing dread



Met palsy half-way: soon these limbs became



Gaunt, withered, sapless, feeble, cramped, and lame.



‘Now let me pass a cruel, cruel space,



640

Without one hope, without one faintest trace



Of mitigation, or redeeming bubble



Of coloured phantasy – for I fear ’twould trouble



Thy brain to loss of reason – and next tell



How a restoring chance came down to quell



One half of the witch in me.



‘On a day,



Sitting upon a rock above the spray,



I saw grow up from the horizon’s brink



A gallant vessel: soon she seemed to sink



Away from me again, as though her course



650

Had been resumed in spite of hindering force –



So vanished; and not long, before arose



Dark clouds, and muttering of winds morose.



Old Aeolus would stifle his mad spleen,



But could not: therefore all the billows green



Tossed up the silver spume against the clouds.



The tempest came: I saw that vessel’s shrouds



In perilous bustle; while upon the deck



Stood trembling creatures. I beheld the wreck;



The final gulfing; the poor struggling souls:



660

I heard their cries amid loud thunder-rolls.



O they had all been saved but crazèd eld



Annulled my vigorous cravings: and thus quelled



And curbed, think on’t, O Latmian! did I sit



Writhing with pity, and a cursing fit



Against that hell-born Circe. The crew had gone,



By one and one, to pale oblivion;



And I was gazing on the surges prone,



With many a scalding tear and many a groan,



When at my feet emerged an old man’s hand,



670

Grasping this scroll, and this same slender wand.



I knelt with pain – reached out my hand – had grasped



These treasures – touched the knuckles – they unclasped –



I caught a finger: but the downward weight



O’erpowered me – it sank. Then ’gan abate



The storm, and through chill aguish gloom outburst



The comfortable sun. I was athirst



To search the book, and in the warming air



Parted its dripping leaves with eager care.



Strange matters did it treat of, and drew on



680

My soul page after page, till well-nigh won



Into forgetfulness – when, stupefied,



I read these words, and read again, and tried



My eyes against the heavens, and read again.



O what a load of misery and pain



Each Atlas-line bore off! – a shine of hope



Came gold around me, cheering me to cope



Strenuous with hellish tyranny. Attend!



For thou hast brought their promise to an end.



“In the wide sea there lives a forlorn wretch,



690

Doomed with enfeeblèd carcase to outstretch



His loathed existence through ten centuries,



And then to die alone. Who can devise



A total opposition? No one. So



One million times ocean must ebb and flow,



And he oppressed. Yet he shall not die,



These things accomplished. If he utterly



Scans all the depths of magic, and expounds



The meanings of all motions, shapes and sounds;



If he explores all forms and substances



700

Straight homeward to their symbol-essences;



He shall not die. Moreover, and in chief,



He must pursue this task of joy and grief



Most piously – all lovers tempest-tossed,



And in the savage overwhelming lost,



He shall deposit side by side, until



Time’s creeping shall the dreary space fulfil:



Which done, and all these labours ripened,



A youth, by heavenly power loved and led,



Shall stand before him, whom he shall direct



710

How to consummate all. The youth elect



Must do the thing, or both will be destroyed.” ’



‘Then,’ cried the young Endymion, overjoyed,



‘We are twin brothers in this destiny!



Say, I entreat thee, what achievement high



Is, in this restless world, for me reserved?



What! if from thee my wandering feet had swerved,



Had we both perish’d? ’ – ‘Look!’ the sage replied,



‘Dost thou not mark a gleaming through the tide,



Of diverse brilliances? ’tis the edifice



720

I told thee of, where lovely Scylla lies;



And where I have enshrinèd piously



All lovers, whom fell storms have doomed to die



Throughout my bondage.’ Thus discoursing, on



They went till unobscured the porches shone;



Which hurryingly they gained, and entered straight.



Sure never since king Neptune held his state



Was seen such wonder underneath the stars.



Turn to some level plain where haughty Mars



Has legioned all his battle; and behold



730

How every soldier, with firm foot, doth hold



His even breast. See, many steelèd squares,



And rigid ranks of iron – whence who dares



One step? Imagine further, line by line,



These warrior thousands on the field supine –



So in that crystal place, in silent rows,



Poor lovers lay at rest from joys and woes.



The stranger from the mountains, breathless, traced



Such thousands of shut eyes in order placed;



Such ranges of white feet, and patient lips



740

All ruddy – for here death no blossom nips.



He marked their brows and foreheads; saw their hair



Put sleekly on one side with nicest care;



And each one’s gentle wrists, with reverence,



Put cross-wise to its heart.



‘Let us commence,’



Whispered the guide, stuttering with joy, ‘even now.’



He spake, and, trembling like an aspen-bough,



Began to tear his scroll in pieces small,



Uttering the while some mumblings funeral.



He tore it into pieces small as snow



750

That drifts unfeathered when bleak northerns blow;



And having done it, took his dark blue cloak



And bound it round Endymion: then stroke



His wand against the empty air times nine.



‘What more there is to do, young man, is thine:



But first a little patience. First undo



This tangled thread, and wind it to a clue.



Ah, gentle! ’tis as weak as spider’s skein;



And shouldst thou break it – What, is it done so clean?



A power overshadows thee! O, brave!



760

The spite of hell is tumbling to its grave.



Here is a shell; ’tis pearly blank to me,



Nor marked with any sign or charactery –



Canst thou read aught? O read for pity’s sake!



Olympus! we are safe! Now, Carian, break



This wand against yon lyre on the pedestal.’



’Twas done: and straight with sudden swell and fall



Sweet music breathed her soul away, and sighed



A lullaby to silence. ‘Youth! now strew



These mincèd leaves on me, and passing through



770

Those files of dead, scatter the same around,



And thou wilt see the issue.’



‘Mid the sound



Of flutes and viols, ravishing his heart,



Endymion from Glaucus stood apart,



And scattered in his face some fragments light.



How lightning-swift the change! a youthful wight



Smiling beneath a coral diadem,



Out-sparkling sudden like an upturned gem,



Appeared, and, stepping to a beauteous corse,



Kneeled down beside it, and with tenderest force



780

Pressed its cold hand, and wept – and Scylla sighed!



Endymion, with quick hand, the charm applied –



The nymph arose. He left them to their joy,



And onward went upon his high employ,



Showering those powerful fragments on the dead.



And, as he passed, each lifted up its head,



As doth a flower at Apollo’s touch.



Death felt it to his inwards – ’twas too much:



Death fell a-weeping in his charnel-house.



The Latmian persevered along, and thus



790

All were re-animated. There arose



A noise of harmony, pulses and throes



Of gladness in the air – while many, who



Had died in mutual arms devout and true,



Sprang to each other madly; and the rest



Felt a high certainty of being blessed.



They gazed upon Endymion. Enchantment



Grew drunken, and would have its head and bent.



Delicious symphonies, like airy flowers,



Budded, and swelled, and, full-blown, shed full showers



800

Of light, soft, unseen leaves of sounds divine.



The two deliverers tasted a pure wine



Of happiness, from fairy-press oozed out.



Speechless they eyed each other, and about



The fair assembly wandered to and fro,



Distracted with the richest overflow



Of joy that ever poured from heaven.



– ‘Away!’



Shouted the new born god; ‘Follow, and pay



Our piety to Neptunus supreme!’ –



Then Scylla, blushing sweetly from her dream,



810

They led on first, bent to her meek surprise,



Through portal columns of a giant size,



Into the vaulted, boundless emerald.



Joyous all followed as the leader called,



Down marble steps, pouring as easily



As hour-glass sand – and fast, as you might see



Swallows obeying the south summer’s call,



Or swans upon a gentle waterfall.



Thus went that beautiful multitude, nor far,



Ere from among some rocks of glittering spar,



820

Just within ken, they saw descending thick



Another multitude. Whereat more quick



Moved either host. On a wide sand they met,



And of those numbers every eye was wet,



For each their old love found. A murmuring rose,



Like what was never heard in all the throes



Of wind and waters – ’tis past human wit



To tell; ’tis dizziness to think of it.



This mighty consummation made, the host



Moved on for many a league; and gained, and lost



830

Huge sea-marks, vanward swelling in array,



And from the rear diminishing away –



Till a faint dawn surprised them. Glaucus cried,



‘Behold! behold, the palace of his pride!



God Neptune’s palaces!’ With noise increased,



They shouldered on towards that brightening east.



At every onward step proud domes arose



In prospect – diamond gleams, and golden glows



Of amber ’gainst their faces levelling.



Joyous, and many as the leaves in spring,



840

Still onward, still the splendour gradual swelled.



Rich opal domes were seen, on high upheld



By jasper pillars, letting through their shafts



A blush of coral. Copious wonder-draughts



Each gazer drank; and deeper drank more near.



For what poor mortals fragment up as mere



As marble, was there lavish, to the vast



Of one fair palace, that far far surpassed,



Even for common bulk, those olden three,



Memphis, and Babylon, and Nineveh.



850

As large, as bright, as coloured as the bow



Of Iris, when unfading it doth show



Beyond a silvery shower, was the arch



Through which this Paphian army took its march,



Into the outer courts of Neptune’s state,



Whence could be seen, direct, a golden gate,



To which the leaders sped; but not half-raught



Ere it burst open swift as fairy thought,



And made those dazzlèd thousands veil their eyes



Like callow eagles at the first sunrise.



860

Soon with an eagle nativeness their gaze



Ripe from hue-golden swoons took all the blaze,



And then, behold! large Neptune on his throne



Of emerald deep – yet not exalt alone;



At his right hand stood wingèd Love, and on



His left sat smiling Beauty’s paragon.



Far as the mariner on highest mast



Can see all round upon the calmèd vast,



So wide was Neptune’s hall: and as the blue



Doth vault the waters, so the waters drew



870

Their doming curtains, high, magnificent,



Awed from the throne aloof. And when storm-rent



Disclosed the thunder-gloomings in Jove’s air



(But soothed as now), flashed sudden everywhere,



Noiseless, sub-marine cloudlets, glittering



Death to a human eye: for there did spring



From natural west, and east, and south, and north,



A light as of four sunsets, blazing forth



A gold-green zenith ’bove the Sea-God’s head.



Of lucid depth the floor, and far outspread



880

As breezeless lake, on which the slim canoe



Of feathered Indian darts about, as through



The delicatest air – air verily,



But for the portraiture of clouds and sky:



This palace floor breath-air, but for the amaze



Of deep-seen wonders motionless and blaze



Of the dome pomp, reflected in extremes,



Globing a golden sphere.



They stood in dreams



Till Triton blew his horn. The palace rang;



The Nereids danced; the Sirens faintly sang;



890

And the great Sea-King bowed his dripping head.



Then Love took wing, and from his pinions shed



On all the multitude a nectarous dew.



The ooze-born Goddess beckonèd and drew



Fair Scylla and her guides to conference;



And when they reached the thronèd eminence



She kissed the sea-nymph’s cheek – who sat her down



A-toying with the doves. Then – ‘Mighty crown



And sceptre of this kingdom!’ Venus said,



‘Thy vows were on a time to Naïs paid –



900

Behold!’ – Two copious tear-drops instant fell



From the God’s large eyes; he smiled delectable,



And over Glaucus held his blessing hands.



‘Endymion! Ah! still wandering in the bands



Of love? Now this is cruel. Since the hour



I met thee in earth’s bosom, all my power



Have I put forth to serve thee. What, not yet



Escaped from dull mortality’s harsh net?



A little patience, youth! ’twill not be long,



Or I am skilless quite. An idle tongue,



910

A humid eye, and steps luxurious,



Where these are new and strange, are ominous.



Ay, I have seen these signs in one of heaven,



When others were all blind: and were I given



To utter secrets, haply I might say



Some pleasant words – but Love will have his day.



So wait awhile expectant. Prithee soon,



E’en in the passing of thine honeymoon,



Visit thou my Cythera: thou wilt find



Cupid well-natured, my Adonis kind.



920

And pray persuade with thee – ah, I have done,



All blisses be upon thee, my sweet son!’ –



Thus the fair goddess, while Endymion



Knelt to receive those accents halcyon.



Meantime a glorious revelry began



Before the Water-Monarch. Nectar ran



In courteous fountains to all cups outreached;



And plundered vines, teeming exhaustless, pleached



New growth about each shell and pendent lyre;



The which, in disentangling for their fire,



930

Pulled down fresh foliage and coverture



For dainty toying. Cupid, empire-sure,



Fluttered and laughed, and oft-times through the throng



Made a delighted way. Then dance, and song,



And garlanding grew wild; and pleasure reigned.



In harmless tendril they each other chained,



And strove who should be smothered deepest in



Fresh crush of leaves.



O ’tis a very sin



For one so weak to venture his poor verse



In such a place as this. O do not curse,



940

High Muses! let him hurry to the ending.



All suddenly were silent. A soft blending



Of dulcet instruments came charmingly;



And then a hymn.



‘King of the stormy sea!



Brother of Jove, and co-inheritor



Of elements! Eternally before



Thee the waves awful bow. Fast, stubborn rock,



At thy feared trident shrinking, doth unlock



Its deep foundations, hissing into foam.



All mountain-rivers, lost in the wide home



950

Of thy capacious bosom, ever flow.



Thou frownest, and old Aeolus thy foe



Skulks to his cavern, ’mid the gruff complaint



Of all his rebel tempests. Dark clouds faint



When, from thy diadem, a silver gleam



Slants over blue dominion. Thy bright team



Gulfs in the morning light, and scuds along



To bring thee nearer to that golden song



Apollo singeth, while his chariot



Waits at the doors of heaven. Thou art not



960

For scenes like this: an empire stern hast thou,



And it hath furrowed that large front. Yet now,



As newly come of heaven, dost thou sit



To blend and interknit



Subduèd majesty with this glad time.



O shell-borne King sublime!



We lay our hearts before thee evermore –



We sing, and we adore!



‘Breathe softly, flutes;



Be tender of your strings, ye soothing lutes;



970

Nor be the trumpet heard! O vain, O vain –



Not flowers budding in an April rain,



Nor breath of sleeping dove, nor river’s flow –



No, nor the Aeolian twang of Love’s own bow,



Can mingle music fit for the soft ear



Of goddess Cytherea!



Yet deign, white Queen of Beauty, thy fair eyes



On our souls’ sacrifice.



‘Bright-wingèd Child!



Who has another care when thou hast smiled?



980

Unfortunates on earth, we see at last



All death-shadows, and glooms that overcast



Our spirits, fanned away by thy light pinions.



O sweetest essence! sweetest of all minions!



God of warm pulses, and dishevelled hair,



And panting bosoms bare!



Dear unseen light in darkness! eclipser



Of light in light! delicious poisoner!



Thy venomed goblet will we quaff until



We fill – we fill!



990

And by thy Mother’s lips –’



Was heard no more



For clamour, when the golden palace door



Opened again, and from without, in shone



A new magnificence. On oozy throne



Smooth-moving came Oceanus the old,



To take a latest glimpse at his sheep-fold,



Before he went into his quiet cave



To muse for ever. Then a lucid wave,



Scooped from its trembling sisters of mid-sea,



Afloat, and pillowing up the majesty



1000

Of Doris, and the Aegean seer, her spouse –



Next, on a dolphin, clad in laurel boughs,



Theban Amphion leaning on his lute:



His fingers went across it – all were mute



To gaze on Amphitrite, queen of pearls,



And Thetis pearly too.



The palace whirls



Around giddy Endymion, seeing he



Was there far strayèd from mortality.



He could not bear it – shut his eyes in vain;



Imagination gave a dizzier pain.



1010

‘O I shall die! sweet Venus, be my stay!



Where is my lovely mistress? Well-away!



I die – I hear her voice – I feel my wing –’



At Neptune’s feet he sank. A sudden ring



Of Nereids were about him, in kind strife



To usher back his spirit into life:



But still he slept. At last they interwove



Their cradling arms, and purposed to convey



Towards a crystal bower far away.



Lo! while slow carried through the pitying crowd,



1020

To his inward senses these words spake aloud;



Written in star-light on the dark above:



‘Dearest Endymion! my entire love!



How have I dwelt in fear of fate! ’tis done –



Immortal bliss for me too hast thou won.



Arise then! for the hen-dove shall not hatch



Her ready eggs, before I’ll kissing snatch



Thee into endless heaven. Awake! awake!’



The youth at once arose: a placid lake



Came quiet to his eyes; and forest green,



1030

Cooler than all the wonders he had seen,



Lulled with its simple song his fluttering breast.



How happy once again in grassy nest!





BOOK IV



Muse of my native land! loftiest Muse!



O first-born on the mountains! by the hues



Of heaven on the spiritual air begot!



Long didst thou sit alone in northern grot,



While yet our England was a wolfish den;



Before our forests heard the talk of men;



Before the first of Druids was a child,



Long didst thou sit amid our regions wild



Rapt in a deep prophetic solitude.



10

There came an eastern voice of solemn mood –



Yet wast thou patient. Then sang forth the Nine,



Apollo’s garland – yet didst thou divine



Such home-bred glory, that they cried in vain,



‘Come hither, Sister of the Island!’ Plain



Spake fair Ausonia; and once more she spake



A higher summons – still didst thou betake



Thee to thy native hopes. O thou hast won



A full accomplishment! The thing is done,



Which undone, these our latter days had risen



20

On barren souls. Great Muse, thou know’st what prison,



Of flesh and bone, curbs, and confines, and frets



Our spirit’s wings. Despondency besets



Our pillows, and the fresh tomorrow morn



Seems to give forth its light in very scorn



Of our dull, uninspired, snail-pacèd lives.



Long have I said, how happy he who shrives



To thee! But then I thought on poets gone,



And could not pray – nor could I now – so on



I move to the end in lowliness of heart.



30

‘Ah, woe is me! that I should fondly part



From my dear native land! Ah, foolish maid!



Glad was the hour, when, with thee, myriads bade



Adieu to Ganges and their pleasant fields!



To one so friendless the clear freshet yields



A bitter coolness; the ripe grape is sour:



Yet I would have, great gods! but one short hour



Of native air – let me but die at home.’



Endymion to heaven’s airy dome



Was offering up a hecatomb of vows,



40

When these words reached him. Whereupon he bows



His head through thorny-green entanglement



Of underwood, and to the sound is bent,



Anxious as hind towards her hidden fawn.



‘Is no one near to help me? No fair dawn



Of life from charitable voice? No sweet saying



To set my dull and saddened spirit playing?



No hand to toy with mine? No lips so sweet



That I may worship them? No eyelids meet



To twinkle on my bosom? No one dies



50

Before me, till from these enslaving eyes



Redemption sparkles! – I am sad and lost.’



Thou, Carian lord, hadst better have been tossed



Into a whirlpool. Vanish into air,



Warm mountaineer! for canst thou only bear



A woman’s sigh alone and in distress?



See not her charms! Is Phoebe passionless?



Phoebe is fairer far – O gaze no more. –



Yet if thou wilt behold all beauty’s store,



Behold her panting in the forest grass!



60

Do not those curls of glossy jet surpass



For tenderness the arms so idly lain



Amongst them? Feelest not a kindred pain,



To see such lovely eyes in swimming search



After some warm delight, that seems to perch



Dovelike in the dim cell lying beyond



Their upper lids? – Hist!



‘O for Hermes’ wand,



To touch this flower into human shape!



That woodland Hyacinthus could escape



From his green prison, and here kneeling down



70

Call me his queen, his second life’s fair crown!



Ah me, how I could love! – My soul doth melt



For the unhappy youth – Love! I have felt



So faint a kindness, such a meek surrender



To what my own full thoughts had made too tender,



That but for tears my life had fled away! –



Ye deaf and senseless minutes of the day,



And thou, old forest, hold ye this for true,



There is no lightning, no authentic dew



But in the eye of love: there’s not a sound,



80

Melodious howsoever, can confound



The heavens and earth in one to such a death



As doth the voice of love: there’s not a breath



Will mingle kindly with the meadow air,



Till it has panted round, and stolen a share



Of passion from the heart!’



Upon a bough



He leant, wretched. He surely cannot now



Thirst for another love. O impious,



That he can even dream upon it thus! –



Thought he, ‘Why am I not as are the dead,



90

Since to a woe like this I have been led



Through the dark earth, and through the wondrous sea?



Goddess! I love thee not the less! from thee



By Juno’s smile I turn not – no, no, no –



While the great waters are at ebb and flow.



I have a triple soul! O fond pretence –



For both, for both my love is so immense,



I feel my heart is cut for them in twain.’



And so he groaned, as one by beauty slain.



The lady’s heart beat quick, and he could see



100

Her gentle bosom heave tumultuously.



He sprang from his green covert: there she lay,



Sweet as a musk-rose upon new-made hay;



With all her limbs on tremble, and her eyes



Shut softly up alive. To speak he tries.



‘Fair damsel, pity me! forgive that I



Thus violate thy bower’s sanctity!



O pardon me, for I am full of grief –



Grief born of thee, young angel! fairest thief!



Who stolen hast away the wings wherewith



110

I was to top the heavens. Dear maid, sith



Thou art my executioner, and I feel



Loving and hatred, misery and weal,



Will in a few short hours be nothing to me,



And all my story that much passion slew me,



Do smile upon the evening of my days.



And, for my tortured brain begins to craze,



Be thou my nurse; and let me understand



How dying I shall kiss that lily hand.



Dost weep for me? Then should I be content.



120

Scowl on, ye fates! until the firmament



Out-blackens Erebus, and the full-caverned earth



Crumbles into itself. By the cloud girth



Of Jove, those tears have given me a thirst



To meet oblivion.’ – As her heart would burst



The maiden sobbed awhile, and then replied:



‘Why must such desolation betide



As that thou speak’st of? Are not these green nooks



Empty of all misfortune? Do the brooks



Utter a gorgon voice? Does yonder thrush,



130

Schooling its half-fledged little ones to brush



About the dewy forest, whisper tales? –



Speak not of grief, young stranger, or cold snails



Will slime the rose tonight. Though if thou wilt,



Methinks ‘twould be a guilt – a very guilt –



Not to companion thee, and sigh away



The light – the dusk – the dark – till break of day!’



‘Dear lady,’ said Endymion, ‘ ’tis past.



I love thee! and my days can never last.



That I may pass in patience still speak:



140

Let me have music dying, and I seek



No more delight – I bid adieu to all.



Didst thou not after other climates call,



And murmur about Indian streams?’ – Then she,



Sitting beneath the midmost forest tree,



For pity sang this roundelay:



‘O Sorrow,



Why dost borrow



The natural hue of health, from vermeil lips? –



To give maiden blushes



150

To the white rose bushes?



Or is’t thy dewy hand the daisy tips?



‘O Sorrow



Why dost borrow



The lustrous passion from a falcon-eye? –



To give the glow-worm light?



Or, on a moonless night,



To tinge, on syren shores, the salt sea-spry?



‘O Sorrow,



Why dost borrow



160

The mellow ditties from a mourning tongue? –



To give at evening pale



Unto the nightingale,



That thou mayst listen the cold dews among?



‘O Sorrow,



Why dost borrow



Heart’s lightness from the merriment of May? –



A lover would not tread



A cowslip on the head,



Though he should dance from eve till peep of day –



170

Nor any drooping flower



Held sacred for thy bower,



Wherever he may sport himself and play.



‘To Sorrow,



I bade good-morrow,



And thought to leave her far away behind.



But cheerly, cheerly,



She loves me dearly;



She is so constant to me, and so kind:



I would deceive her



180

And so leave her,



But ah! she is so constant and so kind.



‘Beneath my palm trees, by the river side,



I sat a-weeping: in the whole world wide



There was no one to ask me why I wept –



And so I kept



Brimming the water-lily cups with tears



Cold as my fears.



‘Beneath my palm trees, by the river side,



I sat a-weeping: what enamoured bride,



190

Cheated by shadowy wooer from the clouds,



But hides and shrouds



Beneath dark palm trees by a river-side?



‘And as I sat, over the light blue hills



There came a noise of revellers: the rills



Into the wide stream came of purple hue –



’Twas Bacchus and his crew!



The earnest trumpet spake, and silver thrills



From kissing cymbals made a merry din –



’Twas Bacchus and his kin!



200

Like to a moving vintage down they came,



Crowned with green leaves, and faces all on flame –



All madly dancing through the pleasant valley,



To scare thee, Melancholy!



O then, O then, thou wast a simple name!



And I forgot thee, as the berried holly



By shepherds is forgotten, when, in June,



Tall chestnuts keep away the sun and moon –



I rushed into the folly!



‘Within his car, aloft, young Bacchus stood,



210

Trifling his ivy-dart, in dancing mood,



With sidelong laughing;



And little rills of crimson wine imbrued



His plump white arms, and shoulders, enough white



For Venus’ pearly bite;



And near him rode Silenus on his ass,



Pelted with flowers as he on did pass



Tipsily quaffing.



‘Whence came ye, merry Damsels! whence came ye!



So many, and so many, and such glee?



220

Why have ye left your bowers desolate,



Your lutes and gentler fate? –



“We follow Bacchus! Bacchus on the wing,



A-conquering!



Bacchus, young Bacchus! good or ill betide,



We dance before him thorough kingdoms wide –



Come hither, lady fair, and joined be



To our wild minstrelsy!”



‘Whence came ye, jolly Satyrs! whence came ye!



So many, and so many, and such glee?



230

Why have ye left your forest haunts, why left



Your nuts in oak-tree cleft? –



“For wine, for wine we left our kernel tree;



For wine we left our heath, and yellow brooms,



And cold mushrooms;



For wine we follow Bacchus through the earth –



Great God of breathless cups and chirping mirth!



Come hither, lady fair, and joinèd be



To our mad minstrelsy!”



‘Over wide streams and mountains great we went,



240

And, save when Bacchus kept his ivy tent,



Onward the tiger and the leopard pants,



With Asian elephants:



Onward these myriads – with song and dance,



With zebras striped, and sleek Arabians’ prance,



Web-footed alligators, crocodiles,



Bearing upon their scaly backs, in files,



Plump infant laughers mimicking the coil



Of seamen, and stout galley-rowers’ toil –



With toying oars and silken sails they glide,



250

	Nor care for wind and tide.



‘Mounted on panthers’ furs and lions’ manes,



From rear to van they scour about the plains;



A three days’ journey in a moment done:



And always, at the rising of the sun,



About the wilds they hunt with spear and horn,



On spleenful unicorn.



‘I saw Osirian Egypt kneel adown



Before the vine-wreath crown!



I saw parched Abyssinia rouse and sing



260

To the silver cymbals’ ring!



I saw the whelming vintage hotly pierce



Old Tartary the fierce!



The kings of Ind their jewel-sceptres vail,



And from their treasures scatter pearlèd hail.



Great Brahma from his mystic heaven groans,



And all his priesthood moans;



Before young Bacchus’ eye-wink turning pale. –



Into these regions came I following him,



Sick hearted, weary – so I took a whim



270

To stray away into these forests drear



Alone, without a peer:



And I have told thee all thou mayest hear.



‘Young stranger!



I’ve been a ranger



In search of pleasure throughout every clime:



Alas, ’tis not for me!



Bewitched I sure must be,



To lose in grieving all my maiden prime.



‘Come then, Sorrow!



280

Sweetest Sorrow!



Like an own babe I nurse thee on my breast:



I thought to leave thee



And deceive thee,



But now of all the world I love thee best.



‘There is not one,



No, no, not one



But thee to comfort a poor lonely maid:



Thou art her mother,



And her brother,



290

Her playmate, and her wooer in the shade.



O what a sigh she gave in finishing,



And look, quite dead to every worldly thing!



Endymion could not speak, but gazed on her;



And listened to the wind that now did stir



About the crispèd oaks full drearily,



Yet with as sweet a softness as might be



Remembered from its velvet summer song.



At last he said: ‘Poor lady, how thus long



Have I been able to endure that voice?



300

Fair Melody! kind Siren! I’ve no choice –



I must be thy sad servant evermore:



I cannot choose but kneel here and adore.



Alas, I must not think – by Phoebe, no!



Let me not think, soft Angel! shall it be so?



Say, beautifullest, shall I never think?



O thou couldst foster me beyond the brink



Of recollection! make my watchful care



Close up its bloodshot eyes, nor see despair!



Do gently murder half my soul, and I



310

Shall feel the other half so utterly! –



I’m giddy at that cheek so fair and smooth;



O let it blush so ever! let it soothe



My madness! let it mantle rosy-warm



With the tinge of love, panting in safe alarm. –



This cannot be thy hand, and yet it is;



And this is sure thine other softling – this



Thine own fair bosom, and I am so near!



Wilt fall asleep? O let me sip that tear!



And whisper one sweet word that I may know



320

This is this world – sweet dewy blossom!’ – ‘Woe!



Woe! Woe to that Endymion! Where is he?’ –



Even these words went echoing dismally



Through the wide forest – a most fearful tone,



Like one repenting in his latest moan;



And while it died away a shade passed by,



As of a thunder-cloud. When arrows fly



Through the thick branches, poor ring-doves sleek forth



Their timid necks and tremble; so these both



Leant to each other trembling, and sat so



330

Waiting for some destruction – when lo,



Foot-feathered Mercury appeared sublime



Beyond the tall tree tops; and in less time



Than shoots the slanted hail-storm, down he dropped



Towards the ground, but rested not, nor stopped



One moment from his home: only the sward



He with his wand light touched, and heavenward



Swifter than sight was gone – even before



The teeming earth a sudden witness bore



Of his swift magic. Diving swans appear



340

Above the crystal circlings white and clear;



And catch the cheated eye in wide surprise,



How they can dive in sight and unseen rise –



So from the turf outsprang two steeds jet-black,



Each with large dark blue wings upon his back.



The youth of Caria placed the lovely dame



On one, and felt himself in spleen to tame



The other’s fierceness. Through the air they flew,



High as the eagles. Like two drops of dew



Exhaled to Phoebus’ lips, away they’re gone,



350

Far from the earth away – unseen, alone,



Among cool clouds and winds, but that the free,



The buoyant life of song can floating be



Above their heads, and follow them untired. –



Muse of my native land, am I inspired?



This is the giddy air, and I must spread



Wide pinions to keep here; nor do I dread



Or height, or depth, or width, or any chance



Precipitous. I have beneath my glance



Those towering horses and their mournful freight.



360

Could I thus sail, and see, and thus await



Fearless for power of thought, without thine aid?



There is a sleepy dusk, an odorous shade



From some approaching wonder, and behold



Those wingèd steeds, with snorting nostrils bold,



Snuff at its faint extreme, and seem to tire,



Dying to embers from their native fire!



There curled a purple mist around them; soon,



It seemed as when around the pale new moon



Sad Zephyr droops the clouds like weeping willow –



370

’Twas Sleep slow journeying with head on pillow.



For the first time, since he came nigh dead-born



From the old womb of night, his cave forlorn



Had he left more forlorn; for the first time,



He felt aloof the day and morning’s prime –



Because into his depth Cimmerian



There came a dream, showing how a young man,



Ere a lean bat could plump its wintry skin,



Would at high Jove’s empyreal footstool win



An immortality, and how espouse



380

Jove’s daughter, and be reckoned of his house.



Now was he slumbering towards heaven’s gate,



That he might at the threshold one hour wait



To hear the marriage melodies, and then



Sink downward to his dusky cave again.



His litter of smooth semi-lucent mist,



Diversely tinged with rose and amethyst,



Puzzled those eyes that for the centre sought;



And scarcely for one moment could be caught



His sluggish form reposing motionless.



390

Those two on wingèd steeds, with all the stress



Of vision searched for him, as one would look



Athwart the sallows of a river nook



To catch a glance at silver-throated eels –



Or from old Skiddaw’s top, when fog conceals



His rugged forehead in a mantle pale,



With an eye-guess towards some pleasant vale



Descry a favourite hamlet faint and far.



These raven horses, though they fostered are



Of earth’s splenetic fire, dully drop



400

Their full-veined ears, nostrils blood wide, and stop.



Upon the spiritless mist have they outspread



Their ample feathers, are in slumber dead –



And on those pinions, level in mid-air,



Endymion sleepeth and the lady fair.



Slowly they sail, slowly as icy isle



Upon a calm sea drifting: and meanwhile



The mournful wanderer dreams. Behold! he walks



On heaven’s pavement; brotherly he talks



To divine powers; from his hand full fain



410

Juno’s proud birds are pecking pearly grain;



He tries the nerve of Phoebus’ golden bow,



And asketh where the golden apples grow;



Upon his arm he braces Pallas’ shield,



And strives in vain to unsettle and wield



A Jovian thunderbolt; arch Hebe brings



A full-brimmed goblet, dances lightly, sings



And tantalizes long; at last he drinks,



And lost in pleasure at her feet he sinks,



Touching with dazzled lips her starlight hand.



420

He blows a bugle – an ethereal band



Are visible above: the Seasons four –



Green-kirtled Spring, flush Summer, golden store



In Autumn’s sickle, Winter frosty hoar –



Join dance with shadowy Hours; while still the blast,



In swells unmitigated, still doth last



To sway their floating morris. ‘Whose is this?



Whose bugle?’ he inquires. They smile – ‘O Dis!



Why is this mortal here? Dost thou not know



Its mistress’ lips? Not thou? – ’Tis Dian’s: lo!



430

She rises crescented!’ He looks, ’tis she,



His very goddess: good-bye earth, and sea,



And air, and pains, and care, and suffering;



Good-bye to all but love! Then doth he spring



Towards her, and awakes – and, strange, o’erhead,



Of those same fragrant exhalations bred,



Beheld awake his very dream: the gods



Stood smiling; merry Hebe laughs and nods;



And Phoebe bends towards him crescented.



O state perplexing! On the pinion bed,



440

Too well awake, he feels the panting side



Of his delicious lady. He who died



For soaring too audacious in the sun,



When that same treacherous wax began to run,



Felt not more tongue-tied than Endymion.



His heart leapt up as to its rightful throne,



To that fair shadowed passion pulsed its way –



Ah, what perplexity! Ah, welladay!



So fond, so beauteous was his bed-fellow,



He could not help but kiss her: then he grew



450

A while forgetful of all beauty save



Young Phoebe’s, golden haired; and so ’gan crave



Forgiveness: yet he turned once more to look



At the sweet sleeper – all his soul was shook:



She pressed his hand in slumber; so once more



He could not help but kiss her and adore.



At this the shadow wept, melting away.



The Latmian started up: ‘Bright goddess, stay!



Search my most hidden breast! By truth’s own tongue,



I have no daedal heart. Why is it wrung



460

To desperation? Is there naught for me,



Upon the bourne of bliss, but misery?’



These words awoke the stranger of dark tresses:



Her dawning love-look rapt Endymion blesses



With ’haviour soft. Sleep yawned from underneath.



‘Thou swan of Ganges, let us no more breathe



This murky phantasm! thou contented seem’st



Pillowed in lovely idleness, nor dream’st



What horrors may discomfort thee and me.



Ah, shouldst thou die from my heart-treachery! –



470

Yet did she merely weep – her gentle soul



Hath no revenge in it. As it is whole



In tenderness, would I were whole in love!



Can I prize thee, fair maid, all price above,



Even when I feel as true as innocence?



I do, I do. – What is this soul then? Whence



Came it? It does not seem my own, and I



Have no self-passion or identity.



Some fearful end must be: where, where is it?



By Nemesis, I see my spirit flit



480

Alone about the dark. Forgive me, sweet –



Shall we away?’ He roused the steeds: they beat



Their wings chivàlrous into the clear air,



Leaving old Sleep within his vapoury lair.



The good-night blush of eve was waning slow,



And Vesper, risen star, began to throe



In the dusk heavens silverly, when they



Thus sprang direct towards the Galaxy.



Nor did speed hinder converse soft and strange –



Eternal oaths and vows they interchange,



490

In such wise, in such temper, so aloof



Up in the winds, beneath a starry roof,



So witless of their doom, that verily



’Tis well nigh past man’s search their hearts to see,



Whether they wept, or laughed, or grieved, or toyed –



Most like with joy gone mad, with sorrow cloyed.



Full facing their swift flight, from ebon streak,



The moon put forth a little diamond peak,



No bigger than an unobservèd star,



Or tiny point of fairy scimitar;



500

Bright signal that she only stooped to tie



Her silver sandals, ere deliciously



She bowed into the heavens her timid head.



Slowly she rose, as though she would have fled,



While to his lady meek the Carian turned,



To mark if her dark eyes had yet discerned



This beauty in its birth – Despair! despair!



He saw her body fading gaunt and spare



In the cold moonshine. Straight he seized her wrist;



It melted from his grasp: her hand he kissed,



510

And, horror! kissed his own – he was alone.



Her steed a little higher soared, and then



Dropped hawkwise to the earth.



There lies a den,



Beyond the seeming confines of the space



Made for the soul to wander in and trace



Its own existence, of remotest glooms.



Dark regions are around it, where the tombs



Of buried griefs the spirit sees, but scarce



One hour doth linger weeping, for the pierce



Of new-born woe it feels more inly smart:



520

And in these regions many a venomed dart



At random flies; they are the proper home



Of every ill: the man is yet to come



Who hath not journeyed in this native hell.



But few have ever felt how calm and well



Sleep may be had in that deep den of all.



There anguish does not sting; nor pleasure pall:



Woe-hurricanes beat ever at the gate,



Yet all is still within and desolate.



Beset with plainful gusts, within ye hear,



530

No sound so loud as when on curtained bier



The death-watch tick is stifled. Enter none



Who strive therefore: on the sudden it is won.



Just when the sufferer begins to burn,



Then it is free to him; and from an urn,



Still fed by melting ice, he takes a draught –



Young Semele such richness never quaffed



In her maternal longing! Happy gloom!



Dark Paradise! where pale becomes the bloom



Of health by due; where silence dreariest



540

Is most articulate; where hopes infest;



Where those eyes are the brightest far that keep



Their lids shut longest in a dreamless sleep.



O happy spirit-home! O wondrous soul!



Pregnant with such a den to save the whole



In thine own depth. Hail, gentle Carian!



For, never since thy griefs and woes began,



Hast thou felt so content: a grievous feud



Hath led thee to this Cave of Quietude.



Ay, his lulled soul was there, although upborne



550

With dangerous speed, and so he did not mourn



Because he knew not whither he was going.



So happy was he, not the aerial blowing



Of trumpets at clear parley from the east



Could rouse from that fine relish, that high feast.



They stung the feathered horse: with fierce alarm



He flapped towards the sound. Alas, no charm



Could lift Endymion’s head, or he had viewed



A skyey masque, a pinioned multitude –



And silvery was its passing: voices sweet



560

Warbling the while as if to lull and greet



The wanderer in his path. Thus warbled they,



While past the vision went in bright array.



‘Who, who from Dian’s feast would be away?



For all the golden bowers of the day



Are empty left? Who, who away would be



From Cynthia’s wedding and festivity?



Not Hesperus – lo! upon his silver wings



He leans away for highest heaven and sings,



Snapping his lucid fingers merrily! –



570

Ah, Zephyrus! art here, and Flora too!



Ye tender bibbers of the rain and dew,



Young playmates of the rose and daffodil,



Be careful, ere ye enter in, to fill



Your baskets high



With fennel green, and balm, and golden pines,



Savory, latter-mint, and columbines,



Cool parsley, basil sweet, and sunny thyme –



Yea, every flower and leaf of every clime,



All gathered in the dewy morning. Hie



580

Away! fly, fly! –



Crystalline brother of the belt of heaven,



Aquarius! to whom king Jove has given



Two liquid pulse streams ’stead of feathered wings,



Two fan-like fountains – thine illuminings



For Dian play:



Dissolve the frozen purity of air;



Let thy white shoulders silvery and bare



Show cold through watery pinions; make more bright



The Star-Queen’s crescent on her marriage night.



590

Haste, haste away! –



Castor has tamed the planet Lion, see!



And of the Bear has Pollux mastery.



A third is in the race! who is the third



Speeding away swift as the eagle bird?



The ramping Centaur!



The Lion’s mane’s on end – the Bear how fierce!



The Centaur’s arrow ready seems to pierce



Some enemy – far forth his bow is bent



Into the blue of heaven. He’ll be shent,



600

	Pale unrelenter,



When he shall hear the wedding lutes a-playing! –



Andromeda! sweet woman! why delaying



So timidly among the stars? Come hither!



Join this bright throng, and nimbly follow whither



They all are going.



Danae’s Son, before Jove newly bowed,



Has wept for thee, calling to Jove aloud.



Thee, gentle lady, did he disenthrall:



Ye shall for ever live and love, for all



610

Thy tears are flowing. –



By Daphne’s fright, behold Apollo! – ’



More



Endymion heard not: down his steed him bore,



Prone to the green head of a misty hill.



His first touch of the earth went nigh to kill.



‘Alas!’ said he, ‘were I but always borne



Through dangerous winds, had but my footsteps worn



A path in hell, for ever would I bless



Horrors which nourish an uneasiness



For my own sullen conquering: to him



620

Who lives beyond earth’s boundary, grief is dim,



Sorrow is but a shadow. Now I see



The grass, I feel the solid ground – Ah, me!



It is thy voice – divinest! Where? – who? who



Left thee so quiet on this bed of dew?



Behold upon this happy earth we are;



Let us aye love each other; let us fare



On forest-fruits, and never, never go



Among the abodes of mortals here below,



Or be by phantoms duped. O destiny!



630

Into a labyrinth now my soul would fly,



But with thy beauty will I deaden it.



Where didst thou melt to? By thee will I sit



For ever: let our fate stop here – a kid



I on this spot will offer. Pan will bid



Us live in peace, in love and peace among



His forest wildernesses. I have clung



To nothing, loved a nothing, nothing seen



Or felt but a great dream! O I have been



Presumptuous against love, against the sky,



640

Against all elements, against the tie



Of mortals each to each, against the blooms



Of flowers, rush of rivers, and the tombs



Of heroes gone! Against his proper glory



Has my own soul conspired: so my story



Will I to children utter, and repent.



There never lived a mortal man, who bent



His appetite beyond his natural sphere,



But starved and died. My sweetest Indian, here,



Here will I kneel, for thou redeemed hast



650

My life from too thin breathing: gone and past



Are cloudy phantasms. Caverns lone, farewell!



And air of visions, and the monstrous swell



Of visionary seas! No, never more



Shall airy voices cheat me to the shore



Of tangled wonder, breathless and aghast.



Adieu, my daintiest Dream! although so vast



My love is still for thee. The hour may come



When we shall meet in pure elysium.



On earth I may not love thee; and therefore



660

Doves will I offer up, and sweetest store



All through the teeming year: so thou wilt shine



On me, and on this damsel fair of mine,



And bless our simple lives. My Indian bliss!



My river-lily bud! one human kiss!



One sigh of real breath – one gentle squeeze,



Warm as a dove’s nest among summer trees,



And warm with dew at ooze from living blood!



Whither didst melt? Ah, what of that! – all good



We’ll talk about – no more of dreaming. – Now,



670

Where shall our dwelling be? Under the brow



Of some steep mossy hill, where ivy dun



Would hide us up, although spring leaves were none,



And where dark yew trees, as we rustle through,



Will drop their scarlet berry cups of dew?



O thou wouldst joy to live in such a place;



Dusk for our loves, yet light enough to grace



Those gentle limbs on mossy bed reclined:



For by one step the blue sky shouldst thou find,



And by another, in deep dell below,



680

See, through the trees, a little river go



All in its mid-day gold and glimmering.



Honey from out the gnarlèd hive I’ll bring,



And apples, wan with sweetness, gather thee,



Cresses that grow where no man may them see,



And sorrel untorn by the dew-clawed stag:



Pipes will I fashion of the syrinx flag,



That thou mayst always know whither I roam,



When it shall please thee in our quiet home



To listen and think of love. Still let me speak;



690

Still let me dive into the joy I seek –



For yet the past doth prison me. The rill,



Thou haply mayst delight in, will I fill



With fairy fishes from the mountain tarn,



And thou shalt feed them from the squirrel’s barn.



Its bottom will I strew with amber shells,



And pebbles blue from deep enchanted wells.



Its sides I’ll plant with dew-sweet eglantine,



And honeysuckles full of clear bee-wine.



I will entice this crystal rill to trace



700

Love’s silver name upon the meadow’s face.



I’ll kneel to Vesta, for a flame of fire;



And to god Phoebus, for a golden lyre;



To Empress Dian, for a hunting spear;



To Vesper, for a taper silver-clear,



That I may see thy beauty through the night;



To Flora, and a nightingale shall light



Tame on thy finger; to the River-gods,



And they shall bring thee taper fishing-rods



Of gold, and lines of Naiads’ long bright tress.



710

Heaven shield thee for thine utter loveliness!



Thy mossy footstool shall the altar be



‘Fore which I’ll bend, bending, dear love, to thee:



Those lips shall be my Delphos, and shall speak



Laws to my footsteps, colour to my cheek,



Trembling or steadfastness to this same voice,



And of three sweetest pleasurings the choice:



And that affectionate light, those diamond things,



Those eyes, those passions, those supreme pearl springs,



Shall be my grief, or twinkle me to pleasure.



720

Say, is not bliss within our perfect seizure?



O that I could not doubt!’



The mountaineer



Thus strove by fancies vain and crude to clear



His briared path to some tranquillity.



It gave bright gladness to his lady’s eye,



And yet the tears she wept were tears of sorrow;



Answering thus, just as the golden morrow



Beamed upward from the valleys of the east:



‘O that the flutter of this heart had ceased,



Or the sweet name of love had passed away.



730

Young feathered tyrant! by a swift decay



Wilt thou devote this body to the earth:



And I do think that at my very birth



I lisped thy blooming titles inwardly,



For at the first, first dawn and thought of thee,



With uplift hands I blest the stars of heaven.



Art thou not cruel? Ever have I striven



To think thee kind, but ah, it will not do!



When yet a child, I heard that kisses drew



Favour from thee, and so I kisses gave



740

To the void air, bidding them find out love:



But when I came to feel how far above



All fancy, pride, and fickle maidenhood,



All earthly pleasure, all imagined good,



Was the warm tremble of a devout kiss –



Even then, that moment, at the thought of this,



Fainting I fell into a bed of flowers,



And languished there three days. Ye milder powers,



Am I not cruelly wronged? Believe, believe



Me, dear Endymion, were I to weave



750

With my own fancies garlands of sweet life,



Thou shouldst be one of all. Ah, bitter strife!



I may not be thy love: I am forbidden –



Indeed I am – thwarted, affrighted, chidden,



By things I trembled at, and gorgon wrath.



Twice hast thou asked whither I went. Henceforth



Ask me no more! I may not utter it,



Nor may I be thy love. We might commit



Ourselves at once to vengeance; we might die;



We might embrace and die – voluptuous thought!



760

Enlarge not to my hunger, or I’m caught



In trammels of perverse deliciousness.



No, no, that shall not be: thee will I bless,



And bid a long adieu.’



The Carian



No word returned: both lovelorn, silent, wan,



Into the valleys green together went.



Far wandering, they were perforce content



To sit beneath a fair lone beechen tree;



Nor at each other gazed, but heavily



770

Pored on its hazel cirque of shedded leaves.



Endymion! unhappy! it nigh grieves



Me to behold thee thus in last extreme –



Enskied ere this, but truly that I deem



Truth the best music in a first-born song.



Thy lute-voiced brother will I sing ere long,



And thou shalt aid – hast thou not aided me?



Yes, moonlight Emperor! felicity



Has been thy meed for many thousand years;



Yet often have I, on the brink of tears,



Mourned as if yet thou wert a forester –



780

Forgetting the old tale.



He did not stir



His eyes from the dead leaves, or one small pulse



Of joy he might have felt. The spirit culls



Unfaded amaranth, when wild it strays



Through the old garden-ground of boyish days.



A little onward ran the very stream



By which he took his first soft poppy dream;



And on the very bark ’gainst which he leant



A crescent he had carved, and round it spent



His skill in little stars. The teeming tree



790

Had swollen and greened the pious charactery,



But not ta’en out. Why, there was not a slope



Up which he had not feared the antelope;



And not a tree, beneath whose rooty shade



He had not with his tamèd leopards played;



Nor could an arrow light, or javelin,



Fly in the air where his had never been –



And yet he knew it not.



O treachery!



Why does his lady smile, pleasing her eye



With all his sorrowing? He sees her not.



800

But who so stares on him? His sister sure!



Peona of the woods! – Can she endure –



Impossible! how dearly they embrace!



His lady smiles, delight is in her face –



It is no treachery.



‘Dear brother mine!



Endymion, weep not so! Why shouldst thou pine



When all great Latmos so exalt will be?



Thank the great gods, and look not bitterly;



And speak not one pale word, and sigh no more.



Sure I will not believe thou hast such store



810

Of grief, to last thee to my kiss again.



Thou surely canst not bear a mind in pain,



Come hand in hand with one so beautiful.



Be happy both of you! for I will pull



The flowers of autumn for your coronals.



Pan’s holy priest for young Endymion calls;



And when he is restored, thou, fairest dame,



Shalt be our queen. Now, is it not a shame



To see ye thus – not very, very sad?



Perhaps ye are too happy to be glad:



820

O feel as if it were a common day,



Free-voiced as one who never was away.



No tongue shall ask, “Whence come ye? ”, but ye shall



Be gods of your own rest imperial.



Not even I, for one whole month, will pry



Into the hours that have passed us by,



Since in my arbour I did sing to thee.



O Hermes! on this very night will be



A hymning up to Cynthia, queen of light;



For the soothsayers old saw yesternight



830

Good visions in the air – whence will befall,



As say these sages, health perpetual



To shepherds and their flocks; and furthermore,



In Dian’s face they read the gentle lore:



Therefore for her these vesper-carols are.



Our friends will all be there from nigh and far.



Many upon thy death have ditties made;



And many, even now, their foreheads shade



With cypress, on a day of sacrifice.



New singing for our maids shalt thou devise,



840

And pluck the sorrow from our huntsmen’s brows.



Tell me, my lady-queen, how to espouse



This wayward brother to his rightful joys!



His eyes are on thee bent, as thou didst poise



His fate most goddess-like. Help me, I pray,



To lure – Endymion! dear brother, say



What ails thee?’ He could bear no more, and so



Bent his soul fiercely like a spiritual bow,



And twanged it inwardly, and calmly said:



‘I would have thee my only friend, sweet maid!



850

My only visitor! not ignorant though,



That those deceptions which for pleasure go



‘Mong men, are pleasures real as real may be:



But there are higher ones I may not see,



If impiously an earthly realm I take.



Since I saw thee, I have been wide awake



Night after night, and day by day, until



Of the empyrean I have drunk my fill.



Let it content thee, Sister, seeing me



More happy than betides mortality.



860

A hermit young, I’ll live in mossy cave,



Where thou alone shalt come to me, and lave



Thy spirit in the wonders I shall tell.



Through me the shepherd realm shall prosper well,



For to thy tongue will I all health confide.



And, for my sake, let this young maid abide



With thee as a dear sister. Thou alone,



Peona, mayst return to me. I own



This may sound strangely: but when, dearest girl,



Thou seest it for my happiness, no pearl



870

Will trespass down those cheeks. Companion fair!



Wilt be content to dwell with her, to share



This sister’s love with me?’ Like one resigned



And bent by circumstance, and thereby blind



In self-commitment, thus that meek unknown:



‘Ay, but a buzzing by my ears has flown,



Of jubilee to Dian – truth I heard?



Well then I see there is no little bird,



Tender soever, but is Jove’s own care,



Long have I sought for rest, and, unaware,



880

Behold I find it! so exalted too!



So after my own heart! I knew, I knew



There was a place untenanted in it:



In that same void white Chastity shall sit,



And monitor me nightly to lone slumber.



With sanest lips I vow me to the number



Of Dian’s sisterhood; and, kind lady,



With thy good help, this very night shall see



My future days to her fane consecrate.’



As feels a dreamer what doth most create



890

His own particular fright, so these three felt;



Or like one who, in after ages, knelt



To Lucifer or Baal, when he’d pine



After a little sleep; or when in mine



Far underground, a sleeper meets his friends



Who know him not. Each diligently bends



Towards common thoughts and things for very fear;



Striving their ghastly malady to cheer,



By thinking it a thing of yes and no,



That housewives talk of. But the spirit-blow



900

Was struck, and all were dreamers. At the last



Endymion said: ‘Are not our fates all cast?



Why stand we here? Adieu, ye tender pair!



Adieu!’ Whereat those maidens, with wild stare,



Walked dizzily away. Painèd and hot



His eyes went after them, until they got



Near to a cypress grove, whose deadly maw,



In one swift moment, would what then he saw



Engulf for ever. ‘Stay!’ he cried, ‘ah, stay!



Turn, damsels! hist! one word I have to say.



910

Sweet Indian, I would see thee once again.



It is a thing I dote on: so I’d fain,



Peona, ye should hand in hand repair



Into those holy groves, that silent are



Behind great Dian’s temple. I’ll be yon,



At Vesper’s earliest twinkle – they are gone –



But once, once, once again – ’ At this he pressed



His hands against his face, and then did rest



His head upon a mossy hillock green,



And so remained as he a corpse had been



920

All the long day, save when he scantly lifted



His eyes abroad, to see how shadows shifted



With the slow move of time – sluggish and weary



Until the poplar tops, in journey dreary,



Had reached the river’s brim. Then up he rose,



And, slowly as that very river flows,



Walked towards the temple grove with this lament:



‘Why such a golden eve? The breeze is sent



Careful and soft, that not a leaf may fall



Before the serene father of them all



930

Bows down his summer head below the west.



Now am I of breath, speech, and speed possessed,



But at the setting I must bid adieu



To her for the last time. Night will strew



On the damp grass myriads of lingering leaves,



And with them shall I die; nor much it grieves



To die, when summer dies on the cold sward.



Why, I have been a butterfly, a lord



Of flowers, garlands, love-knots, silly posies,



Groves, meadows, melodies, and arbour roses.



940

My kingdom’s at its death, and just it is



That I should die with it: so in all this



We miscall grief, bale, sorrow, heartbreak, woe,



What is there to plain of? By Titan’s foe



I am but rightly served.’ So saying, he



Tripped lightly on, in sort of deathful glee,



Laughing at the clear stream and setting sun,



As though they jests had been: nor had he done



His laugh at nature’s holy countenance,



Until that grove appeared, as if perchance,



950

And then his tongue with sober seemlihed



Gave utterance as he entered: ‘Ha! I said,



“King of the butterflies”, but by this gloom,



And by old Rhadamanthus’ tongue of doom,



This dusk religion, pomp of solitude,



And the Promethean clay by thief endued,



By old Saturnus’ forelock, by his head



Shook with eternal palsy, I did wed



Myself to things of light from infancy;



And thus to be cast out, thus lorn to die,



960

Is sure enough to make a mortal man



Grow impious.’ So he inwardly began



On things for which no wording can be found,



Deeper and deeper sinking, until drowned



Beyond the reach of music: for the choir



Of Cynthia he heard not, though rough briar



Nor muffling thicket interposed to dull



The vesper hymn, far swollen, soft and full,



Through the dark pillars of those sylvan aisles.



He saw not the two maidens, nor their smiles,



970

Wan as primroses gathered at midnight



By chilly-fingered spring. ‘Unhappy wight!



Endymion!’ said Peona, ‘we are here!



What wouldst thou ere we all are laid on bier?’



Then he embraced her, and his lady’s hand



Pressed, saying: ‘Sister, I would have command,



If it were heaven’s will, on our sad fate.’



At which that dark-eyed stranger stood elate



And said, in a new voice, but sweet as love,



To Endymion’s amaze: ‘By Cupid’s dove,



980

And so thou shalt! and by the lily truth



Of my own breast thou shalt, belovèd youth!’



And as she spake, into her face there came



Light, as reflected from a silver flame:



Her long black hair swelled ampler, in display



Full golden; in her eyes a brighter day



Dawned blue and full of love. Ay, he beheld



Phoebe, his passion! Joyous she upheld



Her lucid bow, continuing thus: ‘Drear, drear



Has our delaying been; but foolish fear



990

Withheld me first; and then decrees of fate;



And then ’twas fit that from this mortal state



Thou shouldst, my love, by some unlooked for change



Be spiritualized. Peona, we shall range



These forests, and to thee they safe shall be



As was thy cradle; hither shalt thou flee



To meet us many a time.’ Next Cynthia bright



Peona kissed, and blessed with fair good-night:



Her brother kissed her too, and knelt adown



Before his goddess, in a blissful swoon.



1000

She gave her fair hands to him, and behold,



Before three swiftest kisses he had told,



They vanished far away! – Peona went



Home through the gloomy wood in wonderment.





‘In drear-nighted December’


I



In drear-nighted December,



Too happy, happy tree,



Thy branches ne’er remember



Their green felicity:



The north cannot undo them,



With a sleety whistle through them,



Nor frozen thawings glue them



From budding at the prime.



II



In drear-nighted December,



10

Too happy, happy brook,



Thy bubblings ne’er remember



Apollo’s summer look;



But with a sweet forgetting,



They stay their crystal fretting,



Never, never petting



About the frozen time.



III



Ah! would ’twere so with many



A gentle girl and boy!



But were there ever any



20

Writhed not of passed joy?



The feel of not to feel it,



When there is none to heal it,



Nor numbèd sense to steel it,



Was never said in rhyme.





Nebuchadnezzar’s Dream


Before he went to live with owls and bats



Nebuchadnezzar had an ugly dream,



Worse than a housewife’s when she thinks her cream



Made a naumachia for mice and rats.



So scared, he sent for that ‘Good King of Cats’,



Young Daniel, who did straightway pluck the beam



From out his eye, and said ‘I do not deem



Your sceptre worth a straw – your cushion old door-mats’.



A horrid nightmare similar somewhat



10

Of late has haunted a most valiant crew



Of loggerheads and chapmen – we are told



That any Daniel though he be a sot



Can make their lying lips turn pale of hue



By drawling out, ‘Ye are that head of Gold.’





Apollo to the Graces


APOLLO



Which of the fairest three



Today will ride with me?



My steeds are all pawing on the thresholds of Morn:

Which of the fairest three



Today will ride with me



Across the gold Autumn’s whole kingdoms of corn?

THE GRACES all answer



I will, I – I – I –



O young Apollo let me fly along with thee,



I will, I – I – I,



10

The many, many wonders see –



I – I – I – I –



And thy lyre shall never have a slackened string.

I – I – I – I



Thro’ the whole day will sing.





To Mrs Reynolds’s Cat


Cat! who hast passed thy grand climacteric,



How many mice and rats hast in thy days



Destroyed? How many tit-bits stolen? Gaze



With those bright languid segments green, and prick



Those velvet ears – but prithee do not stick



Thy latent talons in me, and up-raise



Thy gentle mew, and tell me all thy frays



Of fish and mice, and rats and tender chick.



Nay, look not down, nor lick thy dainty wrists –



10

For all the wheezy asthma, and for all



Thy tail’s tip is nicked off, and though the fists



Of many a maid have given thee many a maul,



Still is that fur as soft as when the lists



In youth thou enteredst on glass-bottled wall.





On Seeing a Lock of Milton’s Hair. Ode


Chief of organic numbers!



Old scholar of the spheres!



Thy spirit never slumbers,



But rolls about our ears,



For ever, and for ever!



O what a mad endeavour



Worketh he,



Who to thy sacred and ennoblèd hearse



Would offer a burnt sacrifice of verse



10

And melody.



How heavenward thou soundest,



Live temple of sweet noise,



And discord unconfoundest,



Give delight new joys,



And pleasure nobler pinions!



O, where are thy dominions?



Lend thine ear



To a young Delian oath – ay, by thy soul,



By all that from thy mortal lips did roll,



20

And by the kernel of thy earthly love,



Beauty in things on earth and things above,



I swear!



When every childish fashion



Has vanished from my rhyme,



Will I, grey-gone in passion,



Leave to an after-time



Hymning and harmony



Of thee, and of thy works, and of thy life;



But vain is now the burning and the strife,



30

Pangs are in vain, until I grow high-rife



With old Philosophy,



And mad with glimpses of futurity!



For many years my offering must be hushed;



When I do speak, I’ll think upon this hour,



Because I feel my forehead hot and flushed,



Even at the simplest vassal of thy power –



A lock of thy bright hair.



Sudden it came,



And I was startled, when I caught thy name



40

Coupled so unaware;



Yet, at the moment, temperate was my blood.



Methought I had beheld it from the Flood.





On Sitting Down to Read King Lear Once Again


O golden-tongued Romance, with serene lute!



Fair plumed Syren, Queen of far-away!



Leave melodizing on this wintry day,



Shut up thine olden pages, and be mute:



Adieu! for, once again, the fierce dispute



Betwixt damnation and impassioned clay



Must I burn through, once more humbly assay



The bitter-sweet of this Shakespearian fruit:



Chief Poet! and ye clouds of Albion,



10

Begetters of our deep eternal theme!



When through the old oak forest I am gone,



Let me not wander in a barren dream,



But, when I am consumed in the fire,



Give me new Phoenix wings to fly at my desire.





‘When I have fears that I may cease to be’


When I have fears that I may cease to be



Before my pen has gleaned my teeming brain,



Before high-pilèd books, in charactery,



Hold like rich garners the full-ripened grain;



When I behold, upon the night’s starred face,



Huge cloudy symbols of a high romance,



And think that I may never live to trace



Their shadows, with the magic hand of chance;



And when I feel, fair creature of an hour!



10

That I shall never look upon thee more,



Never have relish in the faery power



Of unreflecting love! – then on the shore



Of the wide world I stand alone, and think



Till love and fame to nothingness do sink.





‘O blush not so! 0 blush not so!’


I



O blush not so! O blush not so!



Or I shall think you knowing;



And if you smile the blushing while,



Then maidenheads are going.



II



There’s a blush for won’t, and a blush for shan’t,



And a blush for having done it:



There’s a blush for thought, and a blush for naught,



And a blush for just begun it.



III



O sigh not so! O sigh not so!



10

For it sounds of Eve’s sweet pippin;



By those loosened hips you have tasted the pips



And fought in an amorous nipping.



IV



Will you play once more at nice-cut-core,



For it only will last our youth out?



And we have the prime of the kissing time,



We have not one sweet tooth out.



V



There’s a sigh for yes, and a sigh for no,



And a sigh for I can’t bear it!



O what can be done, shall we stay or run?



20

O, cut the sweet apple and share it!





‘Hence Burgundy, Claret, and Port’


Hence Burgundy, Claret, and Port,



Away with old Hock and Madeira,



Too couthly ye are for my sport;



There’s a beverage brighter and clearer.



Instead of a pitiful rummer,



My wine overbrims a whole summer;



My bowl is the sky,



And I drink at my eye,



Till I feel in the brain



10

A Delphian pain –



Then follow, my Caius! then follow!



On the green of the hill



We will drink our fill



Of golden sunshine,



Till our brains intertwine



With the glory and grace of Apollo!





‘God of the meridian’


God of the meridian,



And of the East and West,



To thee my soul is flown,



And my body is earthward pressed.



It is an awful mission,



A terrible division,



And leaves a gulf austere



To be filled with worldly fear.



Ay, when the soul is fled



10

To high above our head,



Affrighted do we gaze



After its airy maze,



As doth a mother wild,



When her young infant child



Is in an eagle’s claws –



And is not this the cause



Of madness? – God of Song,



Thou bearest me along



Through sights I scarce can bear:



20

O let me, let me share



With the hot lyre and thee,



The staid Philosophy.



Temper my lonely hours,



And let me see thy bowers



More unalarmed!





Robin Hood


TO A FRIEND



No! those days are gone away,



And their hours are old and grey,



And their minutes buried all



Under the down-trodden pall



Of the leaves of many years;



Many times have winter’s shears,



Frozen North, and chilling East,



Sounded tempests to the feast



Of the forest’s whispering fleeces,



10

Since men knew nor rent nor leases.



No, the bugle sounds no more,



And the twanging bow no more;



Silent is the ivory shrill



Past the heath and up the hill;



There is no mid-forest laugh,



Where lone Echo gives the half



To some wight, amazed to hear



Jesting, deep in forest drear.



On the fairest time of June



20

You may go, with sun or moon,



Or the seven stars to light you,



Or the polar ray to right you;



But you never may behold



Little John, or Robin bold;



Never one, of all the clan,



Thrumming on an empty can



Some old hunting ditty, while



He doth his green way beguile



To fair hostess Merriment,



30

Down beside the pasture Trent;



For he left the merry tale



Messenger for spicy ale.



Gone, the merry morris din;



Gone, the song of Gamelyn;



Gone, the tough-belted outlaw



Idling in the ‘grenè shawe’;



All are gone away and past!



And if Robin should be cast



Sudden from his turfèd grave,



40

And if Marian should have



Once again her forest days,



She would weep, and he would craze.



He would swear, for all his oaks,



Fallen beneath the dockyard strokes,



Have rotted on the briny seas;



She would weep that her wild bees



Sang not to her – strange! that honey



Can’t be got without hard money!



So it is – yet let us sing,



50

Honour to the old bow-string!



Honour to the bugle-horn!



Honour to the woods unshorn!



Honour to the Lincoln green!



Honour to the archer keen!



Honour to tight little John,



And the horse he rode upon!



Honour to bold Robin Hood,



Sleeping in the underwood!



Honour to maid Marian,



60

And to all the Sherwood-clan!



Though their days have hurried by



Let us two a burden try.





Lines on the Mermaid Tavern


Souls of Poets dead and gone,



What Elysium have ye known,



Happy field or mossy cavern,



Choicer than the Mermaid Tavern?



Have ye tippled drink more fine



Than mine host’s Canary wine?



Or are fruits of Paradise



Sweeter than those dainty pies



Of venison? O generous food!



10

Dressed as though bold Robin Hood



Would, with his maid Marian,



Sup and bowse from horn and can.



I have heard that on a day



Mine host’s sign-board flew away,



Nobody knew whither, till



An astrologer’s old quill



To a sheepskin gave the story,



Said he saw you in your glory,



Underneath a new-old sign



20

Sipping beverage divine,



And pledging with contented smack



The Mermaid in the Zodiac.



Souls of Poets dead and gone,



What Elysium have ye known,



Happy field or mossy cavern,



Choicer than the Mermaid Tavern?





To —*


Time’s sea hath been five years at its slow ebb,



Long hours have to and fro let creep the sand,



Since I was tangled in thy beauty’s web,



And snared by the ungloving of thy hand.



And yet I never look on midnight sky,



But I behold thine eyes’ well-memoried light;



I cannot look upon the rose’s dye,



But to thy cheek my soul doth take its flight;



I cannot look on any budding flower,



10

But my fond ear, in fancy at thy lips,



And hearkening for a love-sound, doth devour



Its sweets in the wrong sense: – Thou dost eclipse



Every delight with sweet remembering,



And grief unto my darling joys dost bring.





To the Nile


Son of the old moon-mountains African!



Chief of the pyramid and crocodile!



We call thee fruitful, and, that very while,



A desert fills our seeing’s inward span.



Nurse of swart nations since the world began,



Art thou so fruitful? or dost thou beguile



Such men to honour thee, who, worn with toil,



Rest for a space ’twixt Cairo and Decan?



O may dark fancies err! They surely do.



10

’Tis ignorance that makes a barren waste



Of all beyond itself. Thou dost bedew



Green rushes like our rivers, and dost taste



The pleasant sun-rise. Green isles hast thou too,



And to the sea as happily dost haste.





‘Spenser! a jealous honourer of thine’


Spenser! a jealous honourer of thine,



A forester deep in thy midmost trees,



Did last eve ask my promise to refine



Some English that might strive thine ear to please.



But, Elfin Poet, ’tis impossible



For an inhabitant of wintry earth



To rise like Phoebus with a golden quell,



Fire-winged, and make a morning in his mirth.



It is impossible to escape from toil



10

O’ the sudden and receive thy spiriting:



The flower must drink the nature of the soil



Before it can put forth its blossoming.



Be with me in the summer days and I



Will for thine honour and his pleasure try.





‘Blue! ’Tis the life of heaven, the domain’


ANSWER TO A SONNET ENDING THUS:

Dark eyes are dearer far

Than orbs that mock the hyacinthine bell –

J. H. Reynolds



Blue! ’Tis the life of heaven, the domain



Of Cynthia, the wide palace of the sun,



The tent of Hesperus, and all his train,



The bosomer of clouds, gold, grey and dun.



Blue! ’Tis the life of waters – Ocean



And all its vassal streams, pools numberless,



May rage, and foam, and fret, but never can



Subside, if not to dark blue nativeness.



Blue! Gentle cousin to the forest-green,



10

Married to green in all the sweetest flowers –



Forget-me-not, the blue-bell, and, that queen



Of secrecy, the violet. What strange powers



Hast thou, as a mere shadow! But how great,



When in an eye thou art, alive with fate!





‘O thou whose face hath felt the Winter’s wind’


[Letter to J. H. Reynolds, 19 February 1818: ‘… I had no Idea but of the Morning and the Thrush said I was right – seeming to say…]



‘O thou whose face hath felt the Winter’s wind,



Whose eye has seen the snow-clouds hung in mist,



And the black elm tops, ’mong the freezing stars,



To thee the spring will be a harvest-time.



O thou, whose only book has been the light



Of supreme darkness which thou feddest on



Night after night when Phoebus was away,



To thee the Spring shall be a triple morn.



O fret not after knowledge – I have none,



10

And yet my song comes native with the warmth.



O fret not after knowledge – I have none,



And yet the Evening listens. He who saddens



At thought of idleness cannot be idle,



And he’s awake who thinks himself asleep.’





Sonnet


TO A[UBREY] G[EORGE] S[PENCER] ON READING HIS ADMIRABLE VERSES IN THIS (MISS REYNOLDS’S) ALBUM, ON EITHER SIDE OF THE FOLLOWING ATTEMPT TO PAY SMALL TRIBUTE THERETO



Where didst thou find, young Bard, thy sounding lyre?



Where the bland accent, and the tender tone?



A-sitting snugly by thy parlour fire?



Or didst thou with Apollo pick a bone?



The Muse will have a crow to pick with me



For thus assaying in thy brightening path:



Who, that with his own brace of eyes can see,



Unthunderstruck beholds thy gentle wrath?



Who from a pot of stout e’er blew the froth



10

Into the bosom of the wandering wind,



Light as the powder on the back of moth,



But drank thy muses with a grateful mind?



Yea, unto thee beldams drink metheglin



And annisies, and carraway, and gin.





Extracts from an Opera


I





O! were I one of the Olympian twelve,




Their godships should pass this into a law –



That when a man doth set himself in toil



After some beauty veilèd far away,



Each step he took should make his lady’s hand



More soft, more white, and her fair cheek more fair;



And for each briar-berry he might eat,



A kiss should bud upon the tree of love,



And pulp and ripen richer every hour,



10

To melt away upon the traveller’s lips.





II DAISY’S SONG




1



The sun, with his great eye,



Sees not so much as I;



And the moon, all silver-proud,



Might as well be in a cloud.



2



And O the spring – the spring!



I lead the life of a king!



Couched in the teeming grass,



I spy each pretty lass.



3



I look where no one dares,



10

And I stare where no one stares,



And when the night is nigh,



Lambs bleat my lullaby.





III FOLLY’S SONG




When wedding fiddles are a-playing,



Huzza for folly O!



And when maidens go a-maying,



Huzza, etc.



When a milk-pail is upset,



Huzza, etc.



And the clothes left in the wet,



Huzza, etc.



When the barrel’s set abroach,



10

Huzza, etc.



When Kate Eyebrow keeps a coach,



Huzza, etc.



When the pig is over-roasted,



Huzza, etc.



And the cheese is over-toasted,



Huzza, etc.



When Sir Snap is with his lawyer,



Huzza, etc.



And Miss Chip has kissed the sawyer,



20

Huzza, etc.





IV




O, I am frightened with most hateful thoughts!



Perhaps her voice is not a nightingale’s,



Perhaps her teeth are not the fairest pearl;



Her eye-lashes may be, for aught I know,



Not longer than the may-fly’s small fan-horns;



There may not be one dimple on her hand –



And freckles many. Ah! a careless nurse,



In haste to teach the little thing to walk,



May have crumped up a pair of Dian’s legs



10

And warped the ivory of a Juno’s neck.





V SONG




1



The stranger lighted from his steed,



And ere he spake a word,



He seized my lady’s lily hand,



And kissed it all unheard.



2



The stranger walked into the hall,



And ere he spake a word,



He kissed my lady’s cherry lips,



And kissed ’em all unheard.



3



The stranger walked into the bower –



10

But my lady first did go:



Ay, hand in hand into the bower,



Where my lord’s roses blow.



4



My lady’s maid had a silken scarf,



And a golden ring had she,



And a kiss from the stranger, as off he went



Again on his fair palfrey.





VI




Asleep! O sleep a little while, white pearl!



And let me kneel, and let me pray to thee,



And let me call Heaven’s blessing on thine eyes,



And let me breathe into the happy air,



That doth enfold and touch thee all about,



Vows of my slavery, my giving up,



My sudden adoration, my great love!





The Human Seasons


Four seasons fill the measure of the year;



There are four seasons in the mind of man.



He has his lusty Spring, when fancy clear



Takes in all beauty with an easy span.



He has his Summer, when luxuriously



Spring’s honeyed cud of youthful thought he loves



To ruminate, and by such dreaming nigh



His nearest unto heaven. Quiet coves



His soul has in its Autumn, when his wings



10

He furleth close; contented so to look



On mists in idleness – to let fair things



Pass by unheeded as a threshold brook.



He has his Winter too of pale misfeature,



Or else he would forego his mortal nature.





‘For there’s Bishop’s Teign’


I



For there’s Bishop’s Teign



And King’s Teign



And Coomb at the clear Teign head –



Where close by the stream



You may have your cream



All spread upon barley bread.



II



There’s Arch Brook



And there’s Larch Brook



Both turning many a mill;



10

And cooling the drouth



Of the salmon’s mouth,



And fattening his silver gill.



III



There is Wild Wood,



A mild hood



To the sheep on the lea o’ the down,



Where the golden furze,



With its green, thin spurs,



Doth catch at the maiden’s gown.



IV



There is Newton Marsh



20

With its spear grass harsh –



A pleasant summer level



Where the maidens sweet



Of the Market Street



Do meet in the dusk to revel.



V



There’s the barton rich



With dyke and ditch



And hedge for the thrush to live in,



And the hollow tree



For the buzzing bee



30

And a bank for the wasp to hive in.



VI



And O, and O,



The daisies blow



And the primroses are wakened,



And violet white



Sits in silver plight,



And the green bud’s as long as the spike end.



VII



Then who would go



Into dark Soho,



And chatter with dacked-haired critics,



40

When he can stay



For the new-mown hay,



And startle the dappled prickets?





‘Where be ye going, you Devon maid’?


I



Where be ye going, you Devon maid?



And what have ye there i’ the basket?



Ye tight little fairy, just fresh from the dairy,



Will ye give me some cream if I ask it?



II



I love your meads, and I love your flowers,



And I love your junkets mainly,



But ’hind the door I love kissing more,



O look not so disdainly.



III



I love your hills, and I love your dales,



10

And I love your flocks a-bleating –



But O, on the heather to lie together,



With both our hearts a-beating!



IV



I’ll put your basket all safe in a nook,



And your shawl I hang up on this willow,



And we will sigh in the daisy’s eye



And kiss on a grass-green pillow.





‘Over the hill and over the dale’


Over the hill and over the dale,



And over the bourn to Dawlish –



Where gingerbread wives have a scanty sale



And gingerbread nuts are smallish.



Rantipole Betty she ran down a hill



And kicked up her petticoats fairly.



Says I, ‘I’ll be Jack if you will be Jill.’



So she sat on the grass debonairly.



‘Here’s somebody coming, here’s somebody coming!’



10

Says I, ‘’Tis the wind at a parley.’



So without any fuss, any hawing and humming,



She lay on the grass debonairly.



‘Here’s somebody here, and here’s somebody there!’



Says I, ‘Hold your tongue, you young gipsy.’



So she held her tongue and lay plump and fair,



And dead as a Venus tipsy.



O who wouldn’t hie to Dawlish fair,



O who wouldn’t stop in a meadow?



O [who] would not rumple the daisies there,



20

And make the wild fern for a bed do?





To J. H. Reynolds, Esq.


Dear Reynolds, as last night I lay in bed,



There came before my eyes that wonted thread



Of shapes, and shadows, and remembrances,



That every other minute vex and please:



Things all disjointed come from North and South –



Two witch’s eyes above a cherub’s mouth,



Voltaire with casque and shield and habergeon,



And Alexander with his nightcap on,



Old Socrates a-tying his cravat,



10

And Hazlitt playing with Miss Edgeworth’s cat,



And Junius Brutus, pretty well so so,



Making the best of’s way towards Soho.



Few are there who escape these visitings –



Perhaps one or two whose lives have patient wings,



And through whose curtains peeps no hellish nose,



No wild-boar tushes, and no mermaid’s toes;



But flowers bursting out with lusty pride,



And young Aeolian harps personified,



Some, Titian colours touched into real life –



20

The sacrifice goes on; the pontiff knife



Gloams in the sun, the milk-white heifer lows,



The pipes go shrilly, the libation flows;



A white sail shows above the green-head cliff,



Moves round the point, and throws her anchor stiff.



The mariners join hymn with those on land.



You know the Enchanted Castle – it doth stand



Upon a rock, on the border of a lake,



Nested in trees, which all do seem to shake



From some old magic like Urganda’s sword.



30

O Phoebus! that I had thy sacred word



To show this castle, in fair dreaming wise,



Unto my friend, while sick and ill he lies!



You know it well enough, where it doth seem



A mossy place, a Merlin’s Hall, a dream.



You know the clear lake, and the little isles,



The mountains blue, and cold near-neighbour rills,



All which elsewhere are but half animate;



Here do they look alive to love and hate,



To smiles and frowns; they seem a lifted mound



40

Above some giant, pulsing underground.



Part of the building was a chosen see,



Built by a banished santon of Chaldee;



The other part, two thousand years from him,



Was built by Cuthbert de Saint Aldebrim;



Then there’s a little wing, far from the sun,



Built by a Lapland witch turned maudlin nun;



And many other juts of aged stone



Founded with many a mason-devil’s groan.



The doors all look as if they oped themselves,



50

The windows as if latched by fays and elves,



And from them comes a silver flash of light,



As from the westward of a summer’s night;



Or like a beauteous woman’s large blue eyes



Gone mad through olden songs and poesies –



See! what is coming from the distance dim!



A golden galley all in silken trim!



Three rows of oars are lightening, moment-whiles,



Into the verdurous bosoms of those isles.



Towards the shade, under the castle wall,



60

It comes in silence – now ’tis hidden all.



The clarion sounds, and from a postern-grate



An echo of sweet music doth create



A fear in the poor herdsman, who doth bring



His beasts to trouble the enchanted spring.



He tells of the sweet music, and the spot,



To all his friends – and they believe him not.



O that our dreamings all, of sleep or wake,



Would all their colours from the sunset take,



From something of material sublime,



70

Rather than shadow our own soul’s daytime



In the dark void of night. For in the world



We jostle – but my flag is not unfurled



On the admiral staff – and to philosophize



I dare not yet! O, never will the prize,



High reason, and the lore of good and ill,



Be my award! Things cannot to the will



Be settled, but they tease us out of thought.



Or is it that imagination brought



Beyond its proper bound, yet still confined,



80

Lost in a sort of purgatory blind,



Cannot refer to any standard law



Of either earth or heaven? It is a flaw



In happiness, to see beyond our bourne –



It forces us in summer skies to mourn;



It spoils the singing of the nightingale.



Dear Reynolds, I have a mysterious tale,



And cannot speak it. The first page I read



Upon a lampit rock of green seaweed



Among the breakers. ’Twas a quiet eve;



90

The rocks were silent, the wide sea did weave



An untumultuous fringe of silver foam



Along the flat brown sand. I was at home



And should have been most happy – but I saw



Too far into the sea, where every maw



The greater on the less feeds evermore. –



But I saw too distinct into the core



Of an eternal fierce destruction,



And so from happiness I far was gone.



Still am I sick of it; and though, today,



100

I’ve gathered young spring-leaves, and flowers gay



Of periwinkle and wild strawberry,



Still do I that most fierce destruction see –



The shark at savage prey, the hawk at pounce,



The gentle robin, like a pard or ounce,



Ravening a worm. – Away, ye horrid moods!



Moods of one’s mind! You know I hate them well,



You know I’d sooner be a clapping bell



To some Kamchatkan missionary church,



Than with these horrid moods be left in lurch.



110

Do you get health – and Tom the same – I’ll dance,



And from detested moods in new romance



Take refuge. Of bad lines a centaine dose



Is sure enough – and so ‘here follows prose’…





To J[ames] R[ice]


O that a week could be an age, and we



Felt parting and warm meeting every week,



Then one poor year a thousand years would be,



The flush of welcome ever on the cheek:



So could we live long life in little space,



So time itself would be annihilate,



So a day’s journey in oblivious haze



To serve our joys would lengthen and dilate.



O to arrive each Monday morn from Ind!



10

To land each Tuesday from the rich Levant!



In little time a host of joys to bind,



And keep our souls in one eternal pant!



This morn, my friend, and yester-evening taught



Me how to harbour such a happy thought.





Isabella; or, The Pot of Basil


I



Fair Isabel, poor simple Isabel!



Lorenzo, a young palmer in Love’s eye!



They could not in the self-same mansion dwell



Without some stir of heart, some malady;



They could not sit at meals but feel how well



It soothed each to be the other by;



They could not, sure, beneath the same roof sleep



But to each other dream, and nightly weep.



II



With every morn their love grew tenderer,



10

With every eve deeper and tenderer still;



He might not in house, field, or garden stir,



But her full shape would all his seeing fill;



And his continual voice was pleasanter



To her than noise of trees or hidden rill;



Her lute-string gave an echo of his name,



She spoilt her half-done broidery with the same.



III



He knew whose gentle hand was at the latch



Before the door had given her to his eyes;



And from her chamber-window he would catch



20

Her beauty farther than the falcon spies;



And constant as her vespers would he watch,



Because her face was turned to the same skies;



And with sick longing all the night outwear,



To hear her morning-step upon the stair.



IV



A whole long month of May in this sad plight



Made their cheeks paler by the break of June:



‘To-morrow will I bow to my delight,



To-morrow will I ask my lady’s boon.’



‘O may I never see another night,



30

Lorenzo, if thy lips breathe not love’s tune.’



So spake they to their pillows; but, alas,



Honeyless days and days did he let pass –



V



Until sweet Isabella’s untouched cheek



Fell sick within the rose’s just domain,



Fell thin as a young mother’s, who doth seek



By every lull to cool her infant’s pain:



‘How ill she is,’ said he, ‘I may not speak,



And yet I will, and tell my love all plain:



If looks speak love-laws, I will drink her tears,



40

And at the least ’twill startle off her cares.’



VI



So said he one fair morning, and all day



His heart beat awfully against his side;



And to his heart he inwardly did pray



For power to speak; but still the ruddy tide



Stifled his voice, and pulsed resolve away –



Fevered his high conceit of such a bride,



Yet brought him to the meekness of a child:



Alas! when passion is both meek and wild!



VII



So once more he had waked and anguishèd



50

A dreary night of love and misery,



If Isabel’s quick eye had not been wed



To every symbol on his forehead high.



She saw it waxing very pale and dead,



And straight all flushed; so, lispèd tenderly,



‘Lorenzo!’ – here she ceased her timid quest,



But in her tone and look he read the rest.



VIII



‘O Isabella, I can half-perceive



That I may speak my grief into thine ear.



If thou didst ever anything believe,



60

Believe how I love thee, believe how near



My soul is to its doom: I would not grieve



Thy hand by unwelcome pressing, would not fear



Thine eyes by gazing; but I cannot live



Another night, and not my passion shrive.



IX



‘Love! thou art leading me from wintry cold,



Lady! thou leadest me to summer clime,



And I must taste the blossoms that unfold



In its ripe warmth this gracious morning time.’



So said, his erewhile timid lips grew bold,



70

And poesied with hers in dewy rhyme:



Great bliss was with them, and great happiness



Grew, like a lusty flower, in June’s caress.



X



Parting they seemed to tread upon the air,



Twin roses by the zephyr blown apart



Only to meet again more close, and share



The inward fragrance of each other’s heart.



She, to her chamber gone, a ditty fair



Sang, of delicious love and honeyed dart;



He with light steps went up a western hill,



80

And bade the sun farewell, and joyed his fill.



XI



All close they met again, before the dusk



Had taken from the stars its pleasant veil,



All close they met, all eves, before the dusk



Had taken from the stars its pleasant veil,



Close in a bower of hyacinth and musk,



Unknown of any, free from whispering tale.



Ah! better had it been for ever so,



Than idle ears should pleasure in their woe.



XII



Were they unhappy then? – It cannot be –



90

Too many tears for lovers have been shed,



Too many sighs give we to them in fee,



Too much of pity after they are dead,



Too many doleful stories do we see,



Whose matter in bright gold were best be read;



Except in such a page where Theseus’ spouse



Over the pathless waves towards him bows.



XIII



But, for the general award of love,



The little sweet doth kill much bitterness;



Though Dido silent is in under-grove,



100

And Isabella’s was a great distress,



Though young Lorenzo in warm Indian clove



Was not embalmed, this truth is not the less –



Even bees, the little almsmen of spring-bowers,



Know there is richest juice in poison-flowers.



XIV



With her two brothers this fair lady dwelt,



Enrichèd from ancestral merchandise,



And for them many a weary hand did swelt



In torchèd mines and noisy factories,



And many once proud-quivered loins did melt



110

In blood from stinging whip – with hollow eyes



Many all day in dazzling river stood,



To take the rich-ored driftings of the flood.



xv



For them the Ceylon diver held his breath,



And went all naked to the hungry shark;



For them his ears gushed blood; for them in death



The seal on the cold ice with piteous bark



Lay full of darts; for them alone did seethe



A thousand men in troubles wide and dark:



Half-ignorant, they turned an easy wheel,



120

That set sharp racks at work to pinch and peel.



XVI



Why were they proud? Because their marble founts



Gushed with more pride than do a wretch’s tears? –



Why were they proud? Because fair orange-mounts



Were of more soft ascent than lazar stairs? –



Why were they proud? Because red-lined accounts



Were richer than the songs of Grecian years? –



Why were they proud? again we ask aloud,



Why in the name of Glory were they proud?



XVII



Yet were these Florentines as self-retired



130

In hungry pride and gainful cowardice,



As two close Hebrews in that land inspired,



Paled in and vineyarded from beggar-spies –



The hawks of ship-mast forests – the untired



And panniered mules for ducats and old lies –



Quick cat’s-paws on the generous stray-away –



Great wits in Spanish, Tuscan, and Malay.



XVIII



How was it these same ledger-men could spy



Fair Isabella in her downy nest?



How could they find out in Lorenzo’s eye



140

A straying from his toil? Hot Egypt’s pest



Into their vision covetous and sly!



How could these money-bags see east and west? –



Yet so they did – and every dealer fair



Must see behind, as doth the hunted hare.



XIX



O eloquent and famed Boccaccio!



Of thee we now should ask forgiving boon,



And of thy spicy myrtles as they blow,



And of thy roses amorous of the moon,



And of thy lilies, that do paler grow



150

Now they can no more hear thy gittern’s tune,



For venturing syllables that ill beseem



The quiet glooms of such a piteous theme.



XX



Grant thou a pardon here, and then the tale



Shall move on soberly, as it is meet;



There is no other crime, no mad assail



To make old prose in modern rhyme more sweet:



But it is done – succeed the verse or fail –



To honour thee, and thy gone spirit greet,



To stead thee as a verse in English tongue,



160

An echo of thee in the north wind sung.



XXI



These brethren having found by many signs



What love Lorenzo for their sister had,



And how she loved him too, each unconfines



His bitter thoughts to other, well nigh mad



That he, the servant of their trade designs,



Should in their sister’s love be blithe and glad,



When ’twas their plan to coax her by degrees



To some high noble and his olive-trees.



XXII



And many a jealous conference had they,



170

And many times they bit their lips alone,



Before they fixed upon a surest way



To make the youngster for his crime atone;



And at the last, these men of cruel clay



Cut Mercy with a sharp knife to the bone,



For they resolved in some forest dim



To kill Lorenzo, and there bury him.



XXIII



So on a pleasant morning, as he leant



Into the sunrise, o’er the balustrade



Of the garden-terrace, towards him they bent



180

Their footing through the dews; and to him said,



‘You seem there in the quiet of content,



Lorenzo, and we are most loth to invade



Calm speculation; but if you are wise,



Bestride your steed while cold is in the skies.



XXIV



‘To-day we purpose, ay, this hour we mount



To spur three leagues towards the Apennine;



Come down, we pray thee, ere the hot sun count



His dewy rosary on the eglantine.’



Lorenzo, courteously as he was wont,



190

Bowed a fair greeting to these serpents’ whine;



And went in haste, to get in readiness,



With belt, and spur, and bracing huntsman’s dress.



XXV



And as he to the court-yard passed along,



Each third step did he pause, and listened oft



If he could hear his lady’s matin-song,



Or the light whisper of her footstep soft;



And as he thus over his passion hung,



He heard a laugh full musical aloft,



When, looking up, he saw her features bright



200

Smile through an in-door lattice, all delight.



XXVI



‘Love, Isabel!’ said he, ‘I was in pain



Lest I should miss to bid thee a good morrow:



Ah! what if I should lose thee, when so fain



I am to stifle all the heavy sorrow



Of a poor three hours’ absence? but we’ll gain



Out of the amorous dark what day doth borrow.



Good bye! I’ll soon be back.’ ‘Good bye!’ said she –



And as he went she chanted merrily.



XXVII



So the two brothers and their murdered man



210

Rode past fair Florence, to where Arno’s stream



Gurgles through straitened banks, and still doth fan



Itself with dancing bulrush, and the bream



Keeps head against the freshets. Sick and wan



The brothers’ faces in the ford did seem,



Lorenzo’s flush with love. – They passed the water



Into a forest quiet for the slaughter.



XXVIII



There was Lorenzo slain and buried in,



There in that forest did his great love cease.



Ah! when a soul doth thus its freedom win,



220

It aches in loneliness – is ill at peace



As the break-covert blood-hounds of such sin.



They dipped their swords in the water, and did tease



Their horses homeward, with convulsed spur,



Each richer by his being a murderer.



XXIX



They told their sister how, with sudden speed,



Lorenzo had ta’en ship for foreign lands,



Because of some great urgency and need



In their affairs, requiring trusty hands.



Poor girl! put on thy stifling widow’s weed,



230

And ’scape at once from Hope’s accursed bands;



Today thou wilt not see him, nor tomorrow,



And the next day will be a day of sorrow.



XXX



She weeps alone for pleasures not to be;



Sorely she wept until the night came on,



And then, instead of love, O misery!



She brooded o’er the luxury alone:



His image in the dusk she seemed to see,



And to the silence made a gentle moan,



Spreading her perfect arms upon the air,



240

And on her couch low murmuring ‘Where? O where?’



XXXI



But Selfishness, Love’s cousin, held not long



Its fiery vigil in her single breast.



She fretted for the golden hour, and hung



Upon the time with feverish unrest –



Not long – for soon into her heart a throng



Of higher occupants, a richer zest,



Came tragic – passion not to be subdued,



And sorrow for her love in travels rude.



XXXII



In the mid days of autumn, on their eves



250

The breath of Winter comes from far away,



And the sick west continually bereaves



Of some gold tinge, and plays a roundelay



Of death among the bushes and the leaves,



To make all bare before he dares to stray



From his north cavern. So sweet Isabel



By gradual decay from beauty fell,



XXXIII



Because Lorenzo came not. Oftentimes



She asked her brothers, with an eye all pale,



Striving to be itself, what dungeon climes



260

Could keep him off so long? They spake a tale



Time after time, to quiet her. Their crimes



Came on them, like a smoke from Hinnom’s vale;



And every night in dreams they groaned aloud,



To see their sister in her snowy shroud.



XXXIV



And she had died in drowsy ignorance,



But for a thing more deadly dark than all.



It came like a fierce potion, drunk by chance,



Which saves a sick man from the feathered pall



For some few gasping moments; like a lance,



270

Waking an Indian from his cloudy hall



With cruel pierce, and bringing him again



Sense of the gnawing fire at heart and brain.



XXXV



It was a vision. – In the drowsy gloom,



The dull of midnight, at her couch’s foot



Lorenzo stood, and wept: the forest tomb



Had marred his glossy hair which once could shoot



Lustre into the sun, and put cold doom



Upon his lips, and taken the soft lute



From his lorn voice, and past his loamèd ears



280

Had made a miry channel for his tears.



XXXVI



Strange sound it was, when the pale shadow spake;



For there was striving, in its piteous tongue,



To speak as when on earth it was awake,



And Isabella on its music hung.



Languor there was in it, and tremulous shake,



As in a palsied Druid’s harp unstrung;



And through it moaned a ghostly under-song,



Like hoarse night-gusts sepulchral briars among.



XXXVII



Its eyes, though wild, were still all dewy bright



290

With love, and kept all phantom fear aloof



From the poor girl by magic of their light,



The while it did unthread the horrid woof



Of the late darkened time – the murderous spite



Of pride and avarice, the dark pine roof



In the forest, and the sodden turfed dell,



Where, without any word, from stabs he fell.



XXXVIII



Saying moreover, ‘Isabel, my sweet!



Red whortle-berries droop above my head,



And a large flint-stone weighs upon my feet;



300

Around me beeches and high chestnuts shed



Their leaves and prickly nuts; a sheep-fold bleat



Comes from beyond the river to my bed:



Go, shed one tear upon my heather-bloom,



And it shall comfort me within the tomb.



XXXIX



‘I am a shadow now, alas! alas!



Upon the skirts of human-nature dwelling



Alone. I chant alone the holy mass,



While little sounds of life are round me knelling,



And glossy bees at noon do fieldward pass,



310

And many a chapel bell the hour is telling,



Paining me through: those sounds grow strange to me,



And thou art distant in humanity.



XL



‘I know what was, I feel full well what is,



And I should rage, if spirits could go mad;



Though I forget the taste of earthly bliss,



That paleness warms my grave, as though I had



A seraph chosen from the bright abyss



To be my spouse: thy paleness makes me glad;



Thy beauty grows upon me, and I feel



320

A greater love through all my essence steal.’



XLI



The Spirit mourn’d ‘Adieu!’ – dissolved, and left



The atom darkness in a slow turmoil;



As when of healthful midnight sleep bereft,



Thinking on rugged hours and fruitless toil,



We put our eyes into a pillowy cleft,



And see the spangly gloom froth up and boil:



It made sad Isabella’s eyelids ache,



And in the dawn she started up awake –



XLII



‘Ha! ha!’ said she, ‘I knew not this hard life,



330

I thought the worst was simple misery;



I thought some Fate with pleasure or with strife



Portioned us – happy days, or else to die;



But there is crime – a brother’s bloody knife!



Sweet Spirit, thou hast schooled my infancy:



I’ll visit thee for this, and kiss thine eyes,



And greet thee morn and even in the skies.’



XLIII



When the full morning came, she had devised



How she might secret to the forest hie;



How she might find the clay, so dearly prized,



340

And sing to it one latest lullaby;



How her short absence might be unsurmised,



While she the inmost of the dream would try.



Resolved, she took with her an agèd nurse,



And went into that dismal forest-hearse.



XLIV



See, as they creep along the river side,



How she doth whisper to that agèd dame,



And, after looking round the champaign wide,



Shows her a knife. – ‘What feverous hectic flame



Burns in thee, child? – What good can thee betide,



350

That thou shouldst smile again?’ The evening came,



And they had found Lorenzo’s earthy bed –



The flint was there, the berries at his head.



XLV



Who hath not loitered in a green church-yard,



And let his spirit, like a demon-mole,



Work through the clayey soil and gravel hard,



To see skull, coffined bones, and funeral stole;



Pitying each form that hungry Death hath marred



And filling it once more with human soul?



Ah! this is holiday to what was felt



360

When Isabella by Lorenzo knelt.



XLVI



She gazed into the fresh-thrown mould, as though



One glance did fully all its secrets tell;



Clearly she saw, as other eyes would know



Pale limbs at bottom of a crystal well;



Upon the murderous spot she seemed to grow,



Like to a native lily of the dell –



Then with her knife, all sudden, she began



To dig more fervently than misers can.



XLVII



Soon she turned up a soilèd glove, whereon



370

Her silk had played in purple phantasies,



She kissed it with a lip more chill than stone,



And put it in her bosom, where it dries



And freezes utterly unto the bone



Those dainties made to still an infant’s cries:



Then ’gan she work again, nor stayed her care,



But to throw back at times her veiling hair.



XLVIII



That old nurse stood beside her wondering,



Until her heart felt pity to the core



At sight of such a dismal labouring,



380

And so she kneelèd, with her locks all hoar,



And put her lean hands to the horrid thing.



Three hours they laboured at this travail sore –



At last they felt the kernel of the grave,



And Isabella did not stamp and rave.



XLIX



Ah! wherefore all this wormy circumstance?



Why linger at the yawning tomb so long?



O for the gentleness of old Romance,



The simple plaining of a minstrel’s song!



Fair reader, at the old tale take a glance,



390

For here, in truth, it doth not well belong



To speak – O turn thee to the very tale,



And taste the music of that vision pale.



L



With duller steel than the Persèan sword



They cut away no formless monster’s head,



But one, whose gentleness did well accord



With death, as life. The ancient harps have said,



Love never dies, but lives, immortal Lord:



If Love impersonate was ever dead,



Pale Isabella kissed it, and low moaned.



400

’Twas Love – cold, dead indeed, but not dethroned.



LI



In anxious secrecy they took it home,



And then the prize was all for Isabel.



She calmed its wild hair with a golden comb,



And all around each eye’s sepulchral cell



Pointed each fringèd lash; the smearèd loam



With tears, as chilly as a dripping well,



She drenched away – and still she combed, and kept



Sighing all day – and still she kissed, and wept.



LII



Then in a silken scarf – sweet with the dews



410

Of precious flowers plucked in Araby,



And divine liquids come with odorous ooze



Through the cold serpent-pipe refreshfully –



She wrapped it up; and for its tomb did choose



A garden-pot, wherein she laid it by,



And covered it with mould, and o’er it set



Sweet basil, which her tears kept ever wet.



LIII



And she forgot the stars, the moon, and sun,



And she forgot the blue above the trees,



And she forgot the dells where waters run,



420

And she forgot the chilly autumn breeze;



She had no knowledge when the day was done,



And the new morn she saw not, but in peace



Hung over her sweet basil evermore,



And moistened it with tears unto the core.



LIV



And so she ever fed it with thin tears,



Whence thick, and green, and beautiful it grew,



So that it smelt more balmy than its peers



Of basil-tufts in Florence; for it drew



Nurture besides, and life, from human fears,



430

From the fast mouldering head there shut from view:



So that the jewel, safely casketed,



Came forth, and in perfumèd leafits spread.



LV



O Melancholy, linger here awhile!



O Music, Music, breathe despondingly!



O Echo, Echo, from some sombre isle,



Unknown, Lethean, sigh to us – O sigh!



Spirits in grief, lift up your heads, and smile.



Lift up your heads, sweet Spirits, heavily,



And make a pale light in your cypress glooms,



440

Tinting with silver wan your marble tombs.



LVI



Moan hither, all ye syllables of woe,



From the deep throat of sad Melpomene!



Through bronzèd lyre in tragic order go,



And touch the strings into a mystery;



Sound mournfully upon the winds and low;



For simple Isabel is soon to be



Among the dead. She withers, like a palm



Cut by an Indian for its juicy balm.



LVII



O leave the palm to wither by itself;



450

Let not quick Winter chill its dying hour! –



It may not be – those Baälites of pelf,



Her brethren, noted the continual shower



From her dead eyes; and many a curious elf,



Among her kindred, wondered that such dower



Of youth and beauty should be thrown aside



By one marked out to be a Noble’s bride.



LVIII



And, furthermore, her brethren wondered much



Why she sat drooping by the basil green,



And why it flourished, as by magic touch.



460

Greatly they wondered what the thing might mean:



They could not surely give belief, that such



A very nothing would have power to wean



Her from her own fair youth, and pleasures gay,



And even remembrance of her love’s delay.



LIX



Therefore they watched a time when they might sift



This hidden whim; and long they watched in vain:



For seldom did she go to chapel-shrift,



And seldom felt she any hunger-pain;



And when she left, she hurried back, as swift



470

As bird on wing to breast its eggs again;



And, patient as a hen-bird, sat her there



Beside her basil, weeping through her hair.



LX



Yet they contrived to steal the basil-pot,



And to examine it in secret place.



The thing was vile with green and livid spot,



And yet they knew it was Lorenzo’s face:



The guerdon of their murder they had got,



And so left Florence in a moment’s space,



Never to turn again. Away they went,



480

With blood upon their heads, to banishment.



LXI



O Melancholy, turn thine eyes away!



O Music, Music, breathe despondingly!



O Echo, Echo, on some other day,



From isles Lethean, sigh to us – O sigh!



Spirits of grief, sing not your ‘Well-a-way!’



For Isabel, sweet Isabel, will die –



Will die a death too lone and incomplete,



Now they have ta’en away her basil sweet.



LXII



Piteous she looked on dead and senseless things,



490

Asking for her lost basil amorously;



And with melodious chuckle in the strings



Of her lorn voice, she oftentimes would cry



After the pilgrim in his wanderings,



To ask him where her basil was, and why



’Twas hid from her: ‘For cruel ’tis,’ said she,



To steal my basil-pot away from me.’



LXIII



And so she pined, and so she died forlorn,



Imploring for her basil to the last.



No heart was there in Florence but did mourn



500

In pity of her love, so overcast.



And a sad ditty on this story born



From mouth to mouth through all the country passed:



Still is the burthen sung – ‘O cruelty,



To steal my basil-pot away from me!’





To Homer


Standing aloof in giant ignorance,



Of thee I hear and of the Cyclades,



As one who sits ashore and longs perchance



To visit dolphin-coral in deep seas.



So wast thou blind! – but then the veil was rent,



For Jove uncurtained Heaven to let thee live,



And Neptune made for thee a spumy tent,



And Pan made sing for thee his forest-hive;



Ay, on the shores of darkness there is light,



10

And precipices show untrodden green;



There is a budding morrow in midnight;



There is a triple sight in blindness keen;



Such seeing hadst thou, as it once befell



To Dian, Queen of Earth, and Heaven, and Hell.





Ode to May. Fragment


Mother of Hermes! and still youthful Maia!



May I sing to thee



As thou wast hymnèd on the shores of Baiae?



Or may I woo thee



In earlier Sicilian? or thy smiles



Seek as they once were sought, in Grecian isles,



By bards who died content in pleasant sward,



Leaving great verse unto a little clan?



O, give me their old vigour, and unheard



10

Save of the quiet primrose, and the span



Of Heaven and few ears,



Rounded by thee, my song should die away



Content as theirs,



Rich in the simple worship of a day.





Acrostic


Give me your patience, sister, while I frame



Exact in capitals your golden name,



Or sue the fair Apollo, and he will



Rouse from his heavy slumber and instill



Great love in me for thee and Poesy.



Imagine not that greatest mastery



And kingdom over all the realms of verse



Nears more to Heaven in aught than when we nurse,



And surety give, to love and brotherhood.



10

Anthropophagi in Othello’s mood,



Ulysses stormed, and his enchanted belt



Glow with the Muse, but they are never felt



Unbosomed so and so eternal made,



Such tender incense in their laurel shade,



To all the regent sisters of the Nine,



As this poor offering to you, sister mine.



Kind sister! ay, this third name says you are.



Enchanted has it been the Lord knows where.



And may it taste to you like good old wine,



20

Take you to real happiness and give



Sons, daughters and a home like honeyed hive.





‘Sweet, sweet is the greeting of eyes’


Sweet, sweet is the greeting of eyes,



And sweet is the voice in its greeting,



When adieus have grown old and goodbyes



Fade away where old Time is retreating.



Warm the nerve of a welcoming hand,



And earnest a kiss on the brow,



When we meet over sea and o’er land



Where furrows are new to the plough.





On Visiting the Tomb of Burns


The town, the churchyard, and the setting sun,



The clouds, the trees, the rounded hills all seem,



Though beautiful, cold – strange – as in a dream



I dreamèd long ago. Now new begun



The short-lived, paly summer is but won



From winter’s ague, for one hour’s gleam;



Through sapphire-warm, their stars do never beam –



All is cold Beauty; pain is never done



For who has mind to relish, Minos-wise,



10

The real of Beauty, free from that dead hue



Fickly imagination and sick pride



Cast wan upon it! Burns! with honour due



I have oft honoured thee. Great shadow, hide



Thy face! I sin against thy native skies.





‘Old Meg she was a gipsy’


Old Meg she was a gipsy,



And lived upon the moors,



Her bed it was the brown heath turf,



And her house was out of doors.



Her apples were swart blackberries,



Her currants pods o’ broom,



Her wine was dew o’ the wild white rose,



Her book a churchyard tomb.



Her brothers were the craggy hills,



10

Her sisters larchen trees –



Alone with her great family



She lived as she did please.



No breakfast had she many a morn,



No dinner many a noon,



And ’stead of supper she would stare



Full hard against the moon.



But every morn of woodbine fresh



She made her garlanding,



And every night the dark glen yew



20

She wove, and she would sing.



And with her fingers old and brown



She plaited mats o’ rushes,



And gave them to the cottagers



She met among the bushes.



Old Meg was brave as Margaret Queen



And tall as Amazon,



An old red blanket cloak she wore,



A chip-hat had she on.



God rest her agèd bones somewhere –



30

She died full long agone!





A Song about Myself


I



There was a naughty boy,



A naughty boy was he,



He would not stop at home,



He could not quiet be –



He took



In his knapsack



A book



Full of vowels



And a shirt



10

With some towels –



A slight cap



For night-cap –



A hair brush,



Comb ditto,



New stockings,



For old ones



Would split O!



This knapsack



Tight at’s back



20

He rivetted close



And followed his nose



To the North,



To the North,



And followed his nose



To the North.



II



There was a naughty boy



And a naughty boy was he,



For nothing would he do



But scribble poetry –



30

He took



An inkstand



In his hand



And a pen



Big as ten



In the other



And away



In a pother



He ran



To the mountains



40

And fountains



And ghostès



And postès



And witches



And ditches,



And wrote



In his coat



When the weather



Was cool –



Fear of gout –



50

And without



When the weather



Was warm.



Och, the charm



When we choose



To follow one’s nose



To the North,



To the North,



To follow one’s nose



To the North!



III



60

There was a naughty boy



And a naughty bo was he



He kept little fishes



In washing tubs three



In spite



Of the might



Of the maid,



Nor afraid



Of his granny-good,



He often would



70

Hurly burly



Get up early



And go,



By hook or crook,



To the brook



And bring home



Miller’s thumb,



Tittlebat



Not over fat,



Minnows small



80

As the stall



Of a glove



Not above



The size



Of a nice



Little baby’s



Little finger –



O he made



(’Twas his trade)



Of fish a pretty kettle,



90

A kettle –



A kettle,



Of fish a pretty kettle,



A kettle!



IV



There was a naughty boy,



And a naughty boy was he,



He ran away to Scotland



The people for to see –



There he found



That the ground



100

Was as hard,



That a yard



Was as long,



That a song



Was as merry,



That a cherry



Was as red,



That lead



Was as weighty,



That fourscore



110

Was as eighty,



That a door



Was as wooden



As in England –



So he stood in his shoes



And he wondered,



He wondered,



He stood in his



Shoes and he wondered.





‘Ah! ken ye what I met the day’


Ah! ken ye what I met the day



Out oure the mountains,



A-coming down by craggis grey



An mossie fountains?



Ah! goud-haired Marie yeve I pray



Ane minute’s guessing,



For that I met upon the way



Is past expressing.



As I stood where a rocky brig



10

A torrent crosses,



I spied upon a misty rig



A troup o’ horses –



And as they trotted down the glen



I sped to meet them



To see if I might know the men



To stop and greet them.



First Willie on his sleek mare came



At canting gallop –



His long hair rustled like a flame



20

On board a shallop.



Then came his brother Rab and then



Young Peggy’s mither



And Peggy too – adown the glen



They went togither.



I saw her wrappit in her hood



Fra wind and raining –



Her cheek was flush wi’ timid blood



Twixt growth and waning.



She turn’d her dazèd head full oft



30

For thence her brithers



Came riding with her bridegroom soft



An mony ithers.



Young Tam came up an’ eyed me quick



With reddened cheek.



Braw Tam was daffèd like a chick –



He could na speak.



Ah! Marie they are all gane hame



Through blustering weather,



An’ every heart is full on flame



40

An’ light as feather.



Ah! Marie they are all gone hame



Fra happy wedding,



Whilst I – Ah! is it not a shame? –



Sad tears am shedding.





To Ailsa Rock


Hearken, thou craggy ocean pyramid!



Give answer by thy voice, the sea-fowls’ screams!



When were thy shoulders mantled in huge streams?



When from the sun was thy broad forehead hid?



How long is’t since the mighty power bid



Thee heave to airy sleep from fathom dreams?



Sleep in the lap of thunder or sunbeams,



Or when grey clouds are thy cold coverlid?



Thou answer’st not; for thou art dead asleep.



10

Thy life is but two dead eternities –



The last in air, the former in the deep,



First with the whales, last with the eagle-skies.



Drowned wast thou till an earthquake made thee steep,



Another cannot wake thy giant size!





‘This mortal body of a thousand days’


This mortal body of a thousand days



Now fills, O Burns, a space in thine own room,



Where thou didst dream alone on budded bays,



Happy and thoughtless of thy day of doom!



My pulse is warm with thine own barley-bree,



My head is light with pledging a great soul,



My eyes are wandering, and I cannot see,



Fancy is dead and drunken at its goal:



Yet can I stamp my foot upon thy floor,



10

Yet can I ope thy window-sash to find



The meadow thou hast trampèd o’er and o’er,



Yet can I think of thee till thought is blind,



Yet can I gulp a bumper to thy name –



O smile among the shades, for this is fame!





‘All gentle folks who owe a grudge’


All gentle folks who owe a grudge



To any living thing,



Open your ears and stay your trudge



Whilst I in dudgeon sing.



The gad-fly he hath stung me sore –



O may he ne’er sting you!



But we have many a horrid bore



He may sting black and blue.



Has any here an old grey mare



10

With three legs all her store?



O put it to her buttocks bare



And straight she’ll run on four.



Has any here a lawyer suit



Of 1743?



Take lawyer’s nose and put it to ’t



And you the end will see.



Is there a man in Parliament



Dumbfoundered in his speech?



O let his neighbour make a rent



20

And put one in his breech.



O Lowther, how much better thou



Hadst figured t’other day,



When to the folks thou mad’st a bow



And hadst no more to say,



If lucky gad-fly had but ta’en



His seat upon thine arse,



And put thee to a little pain



To save thee from a worse.



Better than Southey it had been,



30

Better than Mr D—,



Better than Wordsworth too, I ween,



Better than Mr V—.



Forgive me pray, good people all,



For deviating so.



In spirit sure I had a call –



And now I on will go.



Has any here a daughter fair



Too fond of reading novels,



Too apt to fall in love with care



40

And charming Mister Lovels?



0 put a gad-fly to that thing



She keeps so white and pert –



I mean the finger for the ring,



And it will breed a Wert.



Has any here a pious spouse



Who seven times a day



Scolds as King David prayed, to chouse



And have her holy way?



0 let a gad-fly’s little sting



50

Persuade her sacred tongue



That noises are a common thing,



But that her bell has rung.



And as this is the summum bo-



num of all conquering,



I leave withouten wordès mo



The gad-fly’s little sting.





‘Of late two dainties were before me placed’


Of late two dainties were before me placed,



Sweet, holy, pure, sacred and innocent,



From the ninth sphere benignly sent



That Gods might know my own particular taste.



First the soft bagpipe mourned with zealous haste,



The Stranger next, with head on bosom bent,



Sighed; rueful again the piteous bagpipe went,



Again the Stranger sighings fresh did waste.



O Bagpipe, thou didst steal my heart away –



10

O Stranger, thou my nerves from pipe didst charm –



O Bagpipe, thou didst re-assert thy sway –



Again, thou Stranger gav’st me fresh alarm!



Alas! I could not choose. Ah! my poor heart,



Mumchance art thou with both obliged to part.





Lines Written in the Highlands after a Visit to Burns’s Country


There is a joy in footing slow across a silent plain,



Where patriot battle has been fought when glory had the gain;



There is a pleasure on the heath where Druids old have been,



Where mantles grey have rustled by and swept the nettles green;



There is a joy in every spot made known by times of old,



New to the feet, although the tale a hundred times be told;



There is a deeper joy than all, more solemn in the heart,



More parching to the tongue than all, of more divine a smart,



When weary steps forget themselves upon a pleasant turf,



10

Upon hot sand, or flinty road, or sea-shore iron scurf,



Toward the castle or the cot, where long ago was born



One who was great through mortal days, and died of fame unshorn.



Light heather-bells may tremble then, but they are far away;



Wood-lark may sing from sandy fern, the sun may hear his lay;



Runnels may kiss the grass on shelves and shallows clear,



But their low voices are not heard, though come on travels drear;



Blood-red the sun may set behind black mountain peaks;



Blue tides may sluice and drench their time in caves and weedy creeks;



Eagles may seem to sleep wing-wide upon the air;



20

Ring-doves may fly convulsed across to some high-cedared lair;



But the forgotten eye is still fast wedded to the ground,



As palmer’s that, with weariness, mid-desert shrine hath found.



At such a time the soul’s a child, in childhood is the brain;



Forgotten is the worldly heart – alone, it beats in vain.



Ay, if a madman could have leave to pass a healthful day



To tell his forehead’s swoon and faint when first began decay,



He might make tremble many a man whose spirit had gone forth



To find a bard’s low cradle-place about the silent North!



Scanty the hour and few the steps beyond the bourn of care,



30

Beyond the sweet and bitter world – beyond it unaware;



Scanty the hour and few the steps, because a longer stay



Would bar return, and make a man forget his mortal way.



O horrible! to lose the sight of well-remembered face,



Of brother’s eyes, of sister’s brow, constant to every place,



Filling the air, as on we move, with portraiture intense,



More warm than those heroic tints that fill a painter’s sense,



When shapes of old come striding by, and visages of old,



Locks shining black, hair scanty grey, and passions manifold.



No, no, that horror cannot be, for at the cable’s length



40

Man feels the gentle anchor pull and gladdens in its strength –



One hour, half-idiot, he stands by mossy waterfall,



But in the very next he reads his soul’s memorial.



He reads it on the mountain’s height, where chance he may sit down



Upon rough marble diadem, that hill’s eternal crown.



Yet be the anchor e’er so fast, room is there for a prayer.



That man may never lose his mind on mountains bleak and bare;



That he may stray league after league some great birth-place to find,



And keep his vision clear from speck, his inward sight unblind.





On Visiting Staffa


Not Aladdin magian



Ever such a work began;



Not the wizard of the Dee



Ever such a dream could see;



Not St John, in Patmos’ Isle,



In the passion of his toil,



When he saw the churches seven,



Golden aisled, built up in heaven,



Gazed at such a rugged wonder.



10

As I stood its roofing under,



Lo! I saw one sleeping there,



On the marble cold and bare



While the surges wash’d his feet,



And his garments white did beat



Drenched about the sombre rocks.



On his neck his well-grown locks,



Lifted dry above the main



Were upon the curl again.



‘What is this? and what art thou?’



20

Whispered I, and touched his brow.



‘What art thou? and what is this?’



Whispered I, and strove to kiss



The spirit’s hand, to wake his eyes.



Up he started in a trice:



‘I am Lycidas,’ said he,



‘Famed in funeral minstrelsy!



This was architected thus



By the great Oceanus! –



Here his mighty waters play



30

Hollow organs all the day;



Here by turns his dolphins all,



Finny palmers great and small,



Come to pay devotion due –



Each a mouth of pearls must strew.



Many a mortal of these days,



Dares to pass our sacred ways,



Dares to touch audaciously



This Cathedral of the Sea!



I have been the pontiff-priest



40

Where the waters never rest,



Where a fledgy sea-bird choir



Soars for ever; holy fire



I have hid from mortal man;



Proteus is my sacristan.



But the dulled eye of mortal



Hath passed beyond the rocky portal;



So for ever will I leave



Such a taint, and soon unweave



All the magic of the place.



50

’Tis now free to stupid face,



To cutters and to fashion boats,



To cravats and to petticoats.



The great sea shall war it down,



For its fame shall not be blown



At every farthing quadrille dance.’



So saying, with a Spirit’s glance



He dived…





‘Read me a lesson, Muse, and speak it loud’


Read me a lesson, Muse, and speak it loud



Upon the top of Nevis, blind in mist!



I look into the chasms, and a shroud



Vapourous doth hide them; just so much I wist



Mankind do know of Hell. I look o’erhead,



And there is sullen mist; even so much



Mankind can tell of Heaven. Mist is spread



Before the earth, beneath me – even such,



Even so vague is man’s sight of himself.



10

Here are the craggy stones beneath my feet –



Thus much I know, that, a poor witless elf,



I tread on them, that all my eye doth meet



Is mist and crag, not only on this height,



But in the world of thought and mental might.





‘Upon my life, Sir Nevis, I am piqued’


MRS C.



Upon my life, Sir Nevis, I am piqued

That I have so far panted tugged and reeked

To do an honour to your old bald pate

And now am sitting on you just to bate,

Without your paying me one compliment.

Alas, ’tis so with all, when our intent

Is plain, and in the eye of all mankind

We fair ones show a preference, too blind!

You gentlemen immediately turn tail –

10 O let me then my hapless fate bewail!

Ungrateful baldpate, have I not disdained

The pleasant valleys, have I not, mad-brained,

Deserted all my pickles and preserves,

My china closet too – with wretched nerves

To boot – say, wretched ingrate, have I not

Left my soft cushion chair and caudle pot?

’Tis true I had no corns – no! thank the fates,

My shoemaker was always Mr Bates.

And if not Mr Bates, why I’m not old!

20 Still dumb, ungrateful Nevis – still so cold!

(Here the lady took some more whiskey and was putting even more to her lips when she dashed [it] to the ground for the mountain began to grumble – which continued for a few minutes, before he thus began,)



BEN NEVIS



What whining bit of tongue and mouth thus dares

Disturb my slumber of a thousand years?

Even so long my sleep has been secure –

And to be so awaked I’ll not endure.

O, pain! – for since the eagle’s earliest scream

I’ve had a damned confounded ugly dream,

A nightmare sure. What, Madam, was it you?

It cannot be! My old eyes are not true!

Red Crag, my spectacles! Now let me see!

30 Good Heavens, Lady, how the gemini

Did you get here? O I shall split my sides!

I shall earthquake –

MRS C.



Sweet Nevis, do not quake, for though I love

Your honest Countenance all things above,

Truly I should not like to be conveyed

So far into your bosom – gentle maid

Loves not too rough a treatment, gentle Sir –

Pray thee be calm and do not quake nor stir,

No, not a stone, or I shall go in fits –

BEN NEVIS.



40 I must – I shall! I meet not such tit-bits –

I meet not such sweet creatures every day!

By my old night-cap, night-cap night and day,

I must have one sweet buss – I must and shall!

Red Crag! – What, Madam, can you then repent

Of all the toil and vigour you have spent

To see Ben Nevis and to touch his nose?

Red Crag, I say! O I must have you close!

Red Crag, there lies beneath my farthest toe

A vein of sulphur – go, dear Red Crag, go –

50 And rub your flinty back against it. Budge!

Dear Madam, I must kiss you, faith I must!

I must embrace you with my dearest gust!

Blockhead, d’ye hear – Blockhead, I’ll make her feel –

There lies beneath my east leg’s northern heel

A cave of young earth dragons – well, my boy,

Go thither quick and so complete my joy.

Take you a bundle of the largest pines

And, where the sun on fiercest phosphor shines,

Fire them and ram them in the dragons’ nest,

60 Then will the dragons fry and fizz their best,

Until ten thousand now no bigger than

Poor alligators – poor things of one span –

Will each one swell to twice ten times the size

Of northern whale. Then for the tender prize –

The moment then – for then will Red Crag rub

His flinty back – and I shall kiss and snub

And press my dainty morsel to my breast.

Blockhead, make haste!

O Muses weep the rest –



The lady fainted, and he thought her dead,

70 So pulled the clouds again about his head,

And went to sleep again – soon she was roused

By her affrighted servants. Next day housed

Safe on the lowly ground she blessed her fate

That fainting fit was not delayed too late.





Stanzas on some Skulls in Beauly Abbey, near Inverness


‘I shed no tears;

Deep thought, or awful vision, I had none;

By thousand petty fancies I was crossed.’

Wordsworth



‘And mocked the dead bones that lay scattered by’

Shakespeare

[Written in collaboration with Charles Brown. Keats’s contributions are given in roman type.]



I



In silent barren Synod met,



Within those roofless walls where yet



The shafted arch and carvèd fret



Cling to the ruin,



The brethren’s skulls mourn, dewy wet,



Their creed’s undoing.



II



The mitred ones of Nice and Trent



Were not so tongue-tied – no, they went



Hot to their Councils, scarce content



10

With orthodoxy;



But ye, poor tongueless things, were meant



To speak by proxy.



III



Your chronicles no more exist,



Since Knox, the revolutionist,



Destroyed the work of every fist



That scrawled black letter.



Well! I’m a craniologist



And may do better.



IV



This skull-cap wore the cowl from sloth



20

Or discontent, perhaps from both,



And yet one day, against his oath,



He tried escaping,



For men, though idle, may be loth



To live on gaping.



V



A toper this! he plied his glass



More strictly than he said the Mass,



And loved to see a tempting lass



Come to confession,



Letting her absolution pass



30

O’er fresh transgression.



VI



This crawled through life in feebleness,



Boasting he never knew excess,



Cursing those crimes he scarce could guess,



Or feel but faintly,



With prayers that Heaven would come to bless



Men so unsaintly.



VII



Here’s a true Churchman! he’d affect



Much charity, and ne’er neglect



To pray for mercy on th’ elect,



40

But thought no evil



In sending heathen, Turk and sect



All to the Devil!



VIII



Poor skull, thy fingers set ablaze,



With silver Saint in golden rays,



The holy missal. Thou didst craze



‘Mid bead and spangle,



While others passed their idle days



In coil and wrangle.



IX



Long time this sconce a helmet wore,



50

But sickness smites the conscience sore;



He broke his sword, and hither bore



His gear and plunder,



Took to the cowl – then raved and swore



At his damned blunder!



Χ



This lily-coloured skull, with all



The teeth complete, so white and small,



Belonged to one whose early pall



A lover shaded;



He died ere superstition’s gall



60

His heart invaded.



XI



Ha! here is ‘undivulgèd crime!’



Despair forbade his soul to climb



Beyond this world, this mortal time



Of fevered sadness,



Until their monkish pantomime



Dazzled his madness!



XII



A younger brother this! A man



Aspiring as a Tartar Khan,



But, curbed and baffled, he began



70

The trade of frightening.



It smacked of power! – and here he ran



To deal Heaven’s lightning.



XIII



This idiot-skull belonged to one,



A buried miser’s only son,



Who, penitent, ere he’d begun



To taste of pleasure,



And hoping Heaven’s dread wrath to shun,



Gave Hell his treasure.



XIV



Here is the forehead of an ape,



80

A robber’s mark – and near the nape



That bone, fie on’t, bears just the shape



Of carnal passion;



Ah! he was one for theft and rape,



In monkish fashion!



XV



This was the Porter! – he could sing,



Or dance, or play, do anything,



And what the friars bade him bring,



They ne’er were balked of



(Matters not worth remembering



90

And seldom talked of).



XVI



Enough! why need I further pore?



This corner holds at least a score,



And yonder twice as many more



Of Reverend Brothers;



’Tis the same story o’er and o’er –



They’re like the others!





Translated from Ronsard


Nature withheld Cassandra in the skies,



For more adornment, a full thousand years;



She took their cream of Beauty, fairest dyes,



And shaped and tinted her above all peers:



Meanwhile Love kept her dearly with his wings,



And underneath their shadow filled her eyes



With such a richness that the cloudy Kings



Of high Olympus uttered slavish sighs.



When from the Heavens I saw her first descend,



10

My heart took fire, and only burning pains…



They were my pleasures – they my Life’s sad end;



Love poured her beauty into my warm veins….





‘’Tis “the witching time of night” ’


’Tis ‘the witching time of night’,



Orbed is the moon and bright,



And the stars they glisten, glisten,



Seeming with bright eyes to listen –



For what listen they?



For a song and for a charm,



See they glisten in alarm,



And the moon is waxing warm



To hear what I shall say.



10

Moon! keep wide thy golden ears –



Hearken, stars! and hearken, spheres!



Hearken, thou eternal sky!



I sing an infant’s lullaby,



A pretty lullaby.



Listen, listen, listen, listen,



Glisten, glisten, glisten, glisten,



And hear my lullaby!



Though the rushes that will make



Its cradle still are in the lake;



20

Though the linen then that will be



Its swathe, is on the cotton tree;



Though the woollen that will keep



It warm is on the silly sheep –



Listen, stars’ light, listen, listen,



Glisten, glisten, glisten, glisten,



And hear my lullaby!



Child, I see thee! Child, I’ve found thee



Midst of the quiet all around thee!



Child, I see thee! Child, I spy thee!



30

And thy mother sweet is nigh thee!



Child, I know thee! Child no more,



But a Poet evermore!



See, see, the lyre, the lyre,



In a flame of fire,



Upon the little cradle’s top



Flaring, flaring, flaring,



Past the eyesight’s bearing.



Awake it from its sleep,



And see if it can keep



40

Its eyes upon the blaze –



Amaze, amaze!



It stares, it stares, it stares,



It dares what no one dares!



It lifts its little hand into the flame



Unharmed, and on the strings



Paddles a little tune, and sings,



With dumb endeavour sweetly –



Bard art thou completely!



Little child



50

O’ th’ western wild,



Bard art thou completely!



Sweetly with dumb endeavour,



A Poet now or never,



Little child



O’ the western wild,



A Poet now or never!





‘Welcome joy, and welcome sorrow’


‘Under the flag

Of each his faction, they to battle bring

Their embryon atoms.’





Milton



Welcome joy, and welcome sorrow,



Lethe’s weed and Hermes’ feather;



Come today, and come tomorrow,



I do love you both together!



I love to mark sad faces in fair weather,



And hear a merry laugh amid the thunder.



Fair and foul I love together:



Meadows sweet where flames burn under,



And a giggle at a wonder;



10

Visage sage at pantomime;



Funeral, and steeple-chime;



Infant playing with a skull;



Morning fair, and stormwrecked hull;



Nightshade with the woodbine kissing;



Serpents in red roses hissing;



Cleopatra regal-dressed



With the aspics at her breast



Dancing music, music sad,



Both together, sane and mad;



20

Muses bright and Muses pale;



Sombre Saturn, Momus hale.



Laugh and sigh, and laugh again –



O the sweetness of the pain!



Muses bright, and Muses pale,



Bare your faces of the veil!



Let me see! and let me write



Of the day and of the night –



Both together. Let me slake



All my thirst for sweet heart-ache!



30

Let my bower be of yew,



Interwreathed with myrtles new,



Pines and lime-trees full in bloom,



And my couch a low grass tomb.





Song


I



Spirit here that reignest!



Spirit here that painest!



Spirit here that burnest!



Spirit here that mournest!



Spirit! I bow



My forehead low,



Enshaded with thy pinions!



Spirit! I look



All passion-struck



10

Into thy pale dominions!



II



Spirit here that laughest!



Spirit there that quaffest!



Spirit here that dancest!



Noble soul that prancest!



Spirit! with thee



I join in the glee,



A-nudging the elbow of Momus!



Spirit! I flush



With a Bacchanal blush



20

Just fresh from the banquet of Comus.





‘Where’s the Poet? Show him, show him’


Where’s the Poet? Show him! show him,



Muses nine, that I may know him!



’Tis the man who with a man



Is an equal, be he king,



Or poorest of the beggar-clan,



Or any other wondrous thing



A man may be ’twixt ape and Plato.



’Tis the man who with a bird,



Wren or eagle, finds his way to



10

All its instincts. He hath heard



The lion’s roaring, and can tell



What his horny throat expresseth,



And to him the tiger’s yell



Comes articulate and presseth



On his ear like mother-tongue…





Fragment of the ‘Castle Builder’


CASTLE BUILDER



In short, convince you that however wise

You may have grown from convent libraries,

I have, by many yards at least, been carding

A longer skein of wit in Convent Garden.

BERNARDINE



A very Eden that same place must be!

Pray what demesne? Whose lordship’s legacy?

What, have you convents in that Gothic isle?

Pray pardon me, I cannot help but smile.

CASTLE BUILDER



Sir, Convent Garden is a monstrous beast:

10 From morning, four o’clock, to twelve at noon,

It swallows cabbages without a spoon,

And then, from twelve till two, this Eden made is

A promenade for cooks and ancient ladies;

And then for supper, ‘stead of soup and poaches,

It swallows chairmen, damns, and Hackney coaches.

In short, Sir, ’tis a very place for monks,

For it containeth twenty thousand punks,

Which any man may number for his sport,

By following fat elbows up a court…

20 In such like nonsense would I pass an hour

With random friar, or rake upon his tour,

Or one of few of that imperial host

Who came unmaimèd from the Russian frost.

To-night I’ll have my friar – let me think

About my room – I’ll have it in the pink.

It should be rich and sombre, and the moon,

Just in its mid-life in the midst of June,

Should look through four large windows and display

Clear, but for golden fishes in the way,

30 Their glassy diamonding on Turkish floor.

The tapers keep aside, an hour and more,

To see what else the moon alone can show;

While the night-breeze doth softly let us know

My terrace is well bowered with oranges.

Upon the floor the dullest spirit sees

A guitar-ribband and a lady’s glove

Beside a crumple-leavèd tale of love;

A tambour-frame, with Venus sleeping there,

All finished but some ringlets of her hair;

40 A viol, bowstrings torn, cross-wise upon

A glorious folio of Anacreon;

A skull upon a mat of roses lying,

Inked purple with a song concerning dying;

An hour-glass on the turn, amid the trails

Of passion-flower – just in time there sails

A cloud across the moon – the lights bring in!

And see what more my fantasy can win.

It is a gorgeous room, but somewhat sad;

The draperies are so, as though they had

50 Been made for Cleopatra’s winding-sheet;

And opposite the steadfast eye doth meet

A spacious looking-glass, upon whose face,

In letters raven-sombre, you may trace

Old ‘Mene, Mene, Tekel, Upharsin’.

Greek busts and statuary have ever been

Held, by the finest spirits, fitter far

Than vase grotesque and Siamesian jar;

Therefore ’tis sure a want of Attic taste

That I should rather love a Gothic waste

60 Of eyesight on cinque-coloured potter’s clay,

Than on the marble fairness of old Greece.

My table-coverlets of Jason’s fleece

And black Numidian sheep-wool should be wrought,

Gold, black, and heavy, from the Lama brought.

My ebon sofa should delicious be

With down from Leda’s cygnet progeny.

My pictures all Salvator’s, save a few

Of Titian’s portraiture, and one, though new,

Of Haydon’s in its fresh magnificence.

70 My wine – O good! ’tis here at my desire,

And I must sit to supper with my friar.





‘And what is love? It is a doll dressed up’


And what is love? It is a doll dressed up



For idleness to cosset, nurse, and dandle;



A thing of soft misnomers, so divine



That silly youth doth think to make itself



Divine by loving, and so goes on



Yawning and doting a whole summer long,



Till Miss’s comb is made a pearl tiara,



And common Wellingtons turn Romeo boots;



Till Cleopatra lives at Number Seven,



10

And Antony resides in Brunswick Square.



Fools! if some passions high have warmed the world,



If queens and soldiers have played deep for hearts,



It is no reason why such agonies



Should be more common than the growth of weeds.



Fools! make me whole again that weighty pearl



The queen of Egypt melted, and I’ll say



That ye may love in spite of beaver hats.





Hyperion. A Fragment


BOOK I



Deep in the shady sadness of a vale



Far sunken from the healthy breath of morn,



Far from the fiery noon, and eve’s one star,



Sat grey-haired Saturn, quiet as a stone,



Still as the silence round about his lair;



Forest on forest hung above his head



Like cloud on cloud. No stir of air was there,



Not so much life as on a summer’s day



Robs not one light seed from the feathered grass,



10

But where the dead leaf fell, there did it rest.



A stream went voiceless by, still deadened more



By reason of his fallen divinity



Spreading a shade: the Naiad ’mid her reeds



Pressed her cold finger closer to her lips.



Along the margin-sand large foot-marks went,



No further than to where his feet had strayed,



And slept there since. Upon the sodden ground



His old right hand lay nerveless, listless, dead,



Unsceptred; and his realmless eyes were closed;



20

While his bowed head seemed listening to the Earth,



His ancient mother, for some comfort yet.



It seemed no force could wake him from his place;



But there came one, who with a kindred hand



Touched his wide shoulders, after bending low



With reverence, though to one who knew it not.



She was a Goddess of the infant world;



By her in stature the tall Amazon



Had stood a pigmy’s height: she would have ta’en



Achilles by the hair and bent his neck;



30

Or with a finger stayed Ixion’s wheel.



Her face was large as that of Memphian sphinx,



Pedestalled haply in a palace court,



When sages looked to Egypt for their lore.



But O! how unlike marble was that face,



How beautiful, if sorrow had not made



Sorrow more beautiful than Beauty’s self.



There was a listening fear in her regard,



As if calamity had but begun;



As if the vanward clouds of evil days



40

Had spent their malice, and the sullen rear



Was with its storèd thunder labouring up.



One hand she pressed upon that aching spot



Where beats the human heart, as if just there,



Though an immortal, she felt cruel pain;



The other upon Saturn’s bended neck



She laid, and to the level of his ear



Leaning with parted lips, some words she spake



In solemn tenor and deep organ tone –



Some mourning words, which in our feeble tongue



50

Would come in these like accents (O how frail



To that large utterance of the early Gods!):



‘Saturn, look up! – though wherefore, poor old King?



I have no comfort for thee, no, not one:



I cannot say, “O wherefore sleepest thou?”



For heaven is parted from thee, and the earth



Knows thee not, thus afflicted, for a God;



And ocean too, with all its solemn noise,



Has from thy sceptre passed; and all the air



Is emptied of thine hoary majesty.



60

Thy thunder, conscious of the new command,



Rumbles reluctant o’er our fallen house;



And thy sharp lightning in unpractised hands



Scorches and burns our once serene domain.



O aching time! O moments big as years!



All as ye pass swell out the monstrous truth,



And press it so upon our weary griefs



That unbelief has not a space to breathe.



Saturn, sleep on – O thoughtless, why did I



Thus violate thy slumbrous solitude?



70

Why should I ope thy melancholy eyes?



Saturn, sleep on, while at thy feet I weep!’



As when, upon a trancèd summer-night,



Those green-robed senators of mighty woods,



Tall oaks, branch-charmèd by the earnest stars,



Dream, and so dream all night without a stir,



Save from one gradual solitary gust



Which comes upon the silence, and dies off,



As if the ebbing air had but one wave;



So came these words and went; the while in tears



80

She touched her fair large forehead to the ground,



Just where her falling hair might be outspread



A soft and silken mat for Saturn’s feet.



One moon, with alteration slow, had shed



Her silver seasons four upon the night,



And still these two were postured motionless,



Like natural sculpture in cathedral cavern;



The frozen God still couchant on the earth,



And the sad Goddess weeping at his feet:



Until at length old Saturn lifted up



90

His faded eyes, and saw his kingdom gone,



And all the gloom and sorrow of the place,



And that fair kneeling Goddess; and then spake,



As with a palsied tongue, and while his beard



hook horrid with such aspen-maady:



‘O tender spouse of gold Hyperion,



Thea, I feel thee ere I see thy face;



Look up, and let me see our doom in it;



Look up, and tell me if this feeble shape



Is Saturn’s; tell me, if thou hear’st the voice



100

Of Saturn; tell me, if this wrinkling brow,



Naked and bare of its great diadem,



Peers like the front of Saturn. Who had power



To make me desolate? whence came the strength?



How was it nurtured to such bursting forth,



While Fate seemed strangled in my nervous grasp?



But it is so; and I am smothered up,



And buried from all godlike exercise



Of influence benign on planets pale,



Of admonitions to the winds and seas,



110

Of peaceful sway above man’s harvesting,



And all those acts which Deity supreme



Doth ease its heart of love in. – I am gone



Away from my own bosom; I have left



My strong identity, my real self,



Somewhere between the throne and where I sit



Here on this spot of earth. Search, Thea, search!



Open thine eyes eterne, and sphere them round



Upon all space – space starred, and lorn of light;



Space regioned with life-air; and barren void;



120

Spaces of fire, and all the yawn of hell.



Search, Thea, search! and tell me, if thou seest



A certain shape or shadow, making way



With wings or chariot fierce to repossess



A heaven he lost erewhile: it must – it must



Be of ripe progress: Saturn must be King.



Yes, there must be a golden victory;



There must be Gods thrown down, and trumpets blown



Of triumph calm, and hymns of festival



Upon the gold clouds metropolitan,



130

Voices of soft proclaim, and silver stir



Of strings in hollow shells; and there shall be



Beautiful things made new, for the surprise



Of the sky-children. I will give command:



Thea! Thea! Thea! where is Saturn?’



This passion lifted him upon his feet,



And made his hands to struggle in the air,



His Druid locks to shake and ooze with sweat,



His eyes to fever out, his voice to cease.



He stood, and heard not Thea’s sobbing deep;



140

A little time, and then again he snatched



Utterance thus: ‘But cannot I create?



Cannot I form? Cannot I fashion forth



Another world, another universe,



To overbear and crumble this to naught?



Where is another Chaos? Where?’ – That word



Found way unto Olympus, and made quake



The rebel three. Thea was startled up,



And in her bearing was a sort of hope,



As thus she quick-voiced spake, yet full of awe.



150

‘This cheers our fallen house: come to our friends,



O Saturn! come away, and give them heart.



I know the covert, for thence came I hither.’



Thus brief; then with beseeching eyes she went



With backward footing through the shade a space:



He followed, and she turned to lead the way



Through agèd boughs, that yielded like the mist



Which eagles cleave up-mounting from their nest.



Meanwhile in other realms big tears were shed,



More sorrow like to this, and such like woe,



160

Too huge for mortal tongue or pen of scribe.



The Titans fierce, self-hid, or prison-bound,



Groaned for the old allegiance once more,



And listened in sharp pain for Saturn’s voice.



But one of the whole mammoth-brood still kept



His sovereignty, and rule, and majesty –



Blazing Hyperion on his orbèd fire



Still sat, still snuffed the incense, teeming up



From man to the sun’s God – yet unsecure:



For as among us mortals omens drear



170

Fright and perplex, so also shuddered he –



Not at dog’s howl, or gloom-bird’s hated screech,



Or the familiar visiting of one



Upon the first toll of his passing-bell,



Or prophesyings of the midnight lamp;



But horrors, portioned to a giant nerve,



Oft made Hyperion ache. His palace bright



Bastioned with pyramids of glowing gold,



And touched with shade of bronzèd obelisks,



Glared a blood-red through all its thousand courts,



180

Arches, and domes, and fiery galleries;



And all its curtains of Aurorian clouds



Flushed angerly, while sometimes eagle’s wings,



Unseen before by Gods or wondering men,



Darkened the place, and neighing steeds were heard,



Not heard before by Gods or wondering men.



Also, when he would taste the spicy wreaths



Of incense, breathed aloft from sacred hills,



Instead of sweets, his ample palate took



Savour of poisonous brass and metal sick:



190

And so, when harboured in the sleepy west,



After the full completion of fair day,



For rest divine upon exalted couch



And slumber in the arms of melody,



He paced away the pleasant hours of ease



With stride colossal, on from hall to hall;



While far within each aisle and deep recess,



His wingèd minions in close clusters stood,



Amazed and full of fear; like anxious men



Who on wide plains gather in panting troops,



200

When earthquakes jar their battlements and towers.



Even now, while Saturn, roused from icy trance,



Went step for step with Thea through the woods,



Hyperion, leaving twilight in the rear,



Came slope upon the threshold of the west;



Then, as was wont, his palace-door flew ope



In smoothest silence, save what solemn tubes,



Blown by the serious Zephyrs, gave of sweet



And wandering sounds, slow-breathèd melodies –



And like a rose in vermeil tint and shape,



210

In fragrance soft, and coolness to the eye,



That inlet to severe magnificence



Stood full blown, for the God to enter in.



He entered, but he entered full of wrath;



His flaming robes streamed out beyond his heels,



And gave a roar, as if of earthly fire,



That scared away the meek ethereal Hours



And made their dove-wings tremble. On he flared,



From stately nave to nave, from vault to vault,



Through bowers of fragrant and enwreathèd light,



220

And diamond-pavèd lustrous long arcades,



Until he reached the great main cupola.



There standing fierce beneath, he stamped his foot,



And from the basement deep to the high towers



Jarred his own golden region; and before



The quavering thunder thereupon had ceased,



His voice leapt out, despite of god-like curb,



To this result: ‘O dreams of day and night!



O monstrous forms! O effigies of pain!



O spectres busy in a cold, cold gloom!



230

O lank-eared Phantoms of black-weeded pools!



Why do I know ye? Why have I seen ye? Why



Is my eternal essence thus distraught



To see and to behold these horrors new?



Saturn is fallen, am I too to fall?



Am I to leave this haven of my rest,



This cradle of my glory, this soft clime,



This calm luxuriance of blissful light,



These crystalline pavilions, and pure fanes,



Of all my lucent empire? It is left



240

Deserted, void, nor any haunt of mine.



The blaze, the splendour, and the symmetry,



I cannot see – but darkness, death and darkness.



Even here, into my centre of repose,



The shady visions come to domineer,



Insult, and blind, and stifle up my pomp. –



Fall! – No, by Tellus and her briny robes!



Over the fiery frontier of my realms



I will advance a terrible right arm



Shall scare that infant thunderer, rebel Jove,



250

And bid old Saturn take his throne again.’ –



He spake, and ceased, the while a heavier threat



Held struggle with his throat but came not forth;



For as in theatres of crowded men



Hubbub increases more they call out ‘Hush!’,



So at Hyperion’s words the Phantoms pale



Bestirred themselves, thrice horrible and cold;



And from the mirrored level where he stood



A mist arose, as from a scummy marsh.



At this, through all his bulk an agony



260

Crept gradual, from the feet unto the crown,



Like a lithe serpent vast and muscular



Making slow way, with head and neck convulsed



From over-strainèd might. Released, he fled



To the eastern gates, and full six dewy hours



Before the dawn in season due should blush,



He breathed fierce breath against the sleepy portals,



Cleared them of heavy vapours, burst them wide



Suddenly on the ocean’s chilly streams.



The planet orb of fire, whereon he rode



270

Each day from east to west the heavens through,



Spun round in sable curtaining of clouds;



Not therefore veilèd quite, blindfold, and hid,



But ever and anon the glancing spheres,



Circles, and arcs, and broad-belting colure,



Glowed through, and wrought upon the muffling dark



Sweet-shapèd lightnings from the nadir deep



Up to the zenith – hieroglyphics old



Which sages and keen-eyed astrologers



Then living on the earth, with labouring thought



280

Won from the gaze of many centuries –



Now lost, save what we find on remnants huge



Of stone, or marble swart, their import gone,



Their wisdom long since fled. Two wings this orb



Possessed for glory, two fair argent wings,



Ever exalted at the God’s approach:



And now, from forth the gloom their plumes immense



Rose, one by one, till all outspreaded were;



While still the dazzling globe maintained eclipse,



Awaiting for Hyperion’s command.



290

Fain would he have commanded, fain took throne



And bid the day begin, if but for change.



He might not. – No, though a primeval God:



The sacred seasons might not be disturbed.



Therefore the operations of the dawn



Stayed in their birth, even as here ’tis told.



Those silver wings expanded sisterly,



Eager to sail their orb; the porches wide



Opened upon the dusk demesnes of night;



And the bright Titan, frenzied with new woes,



300

Unused to bend, by hard compulsion bent



His spirit to the sorrow of the time;



And all along a dismal rack of clouds,



Upon the boundaries of day and night,



He stretched himself in grief and radiance faint.



There as he lay, the Heaven with its stars



Looked down on him with pity, and the voice



Of Coelus, from the universal space,



Thus whispered low and solemn in his ear:



‘O brightest of my children dear, earth-born



310

And sky-engendered, Son of Mysteries



All unrevealèd even to the powers



Which met at thy creating; at whose joys



And palpitations sweet, and pleasures soft,



I, Coelus, wonder how they came and whence;



And at the fruits thereof what shapes they be,



Distinct, and visible – symbols divine,



Maniestations of that beauteous life



Diffused unseen throughout eternal space:



f these new-formed art thou, O brightest child!



320

Of these, thy brethren and the Goddesses!



here is sad feud among ye, and rebellion



Of son against his sire. I saw him fall,



I saw my first-born tumbled from his throne!



To me his arms were spread, to me his voice



Found way from forth the thunders round his head!



Pale wox I, and in vapours hid my face.



Art thou, too, near such doom? Vague fear there is:



For I have seen my sons most unlike Gods.



Divine ye were created, and divine



330

In sad demeanour, solemn, undisturbed,



Unrufflèd, like high Gods, ye lived and ruled:



Now I behold in you fear, hope, and wrath;



Actions of rage and passion – even as



I see them, on the mortal world beneath,



In men who die. This is the grief, O Son!



Sad sign of ruin, sudden dismay, and fall!



Yet do thou strive; as thou art capable,



As thou canst move about, an evident God;



And canst oppose to each malignant hour



340

Ethereal presence. I am but a voice;



My life is but the life of winds and tides,



No more than winds and tides can I avail. –



But thou canst. – Be thou therefore in the van



Of circumstance; yea, seize the arrow’s barb



Before the tense string murmur. – To the earth!



For there thou wilt find Saturn, and his woes.



Meantime I will keep watch on thy bright sun,



And of thy seasons be a careful nurse.’ –



Ere half this region-whisper had come down,



350

Hyperion arose, and on the stars



Lifted his curvèd lids, and kept them wide



Until it ceased; and still he kept them wide;



And still they were the same bright, patient stars.



Then with a slow incline of his broad breast,



Like to a diver in the pearly seas,



Forward he stooped over the airy shore,



And plunged all noiseless into the deep night.



BOOK II



Just at the self-same beat of Time’s wide wings,



Hyperion slid into the rustled air



And Saturn gained with Thea that sad place



Where Cybele and the bruised Titans mourned.



It was a den where no insulting light



Could glimmer on their tears; where their own groans



They felt, but heard not, for the solid roar



Of thunderous waterfalls and torrents hoarse,



Pouring a constant bulk, uncertain where.



10

Crag jutting forth to crag, and rocks that seemed



Ever as if just rising from a sleep,



Forehead to forehead held their monstrous horns;



And thus in thousand hugest fantasies



Made a fit roofing to this nest of woe.



Instead of thrones, hard flint they sat upon,



Couches of rugged stone, and slaty ridge



Stubborned with iron. All were not assembled:



Some chained in torture, and some wandering.



Coeus, and Gyges, and Briareüs,



20

Typhon, and Dolor, and Porphyrion,



With many more, the brawniest in assault,



Were pent in regions of laborious breath;



Dungeoned in opaque element, to keep



Their clenched teeth still clenched, and all their limbs



Locked up like veins of metal, cramped and screwed;



Without a motion, save of their big hearts



Heaving in pain, and horribly convulsed



With sanguine fev’rous boiling gurge of pulse.



Mnemosyne was straying in the world;



30

Far from her moon had Phoebe wandered;



And many else were free to roam abroad,



But for the main, here found they covert drear.



Scarce images of life, one here, one there,



Lay vast and edgeways; like a dismal cirque



Of Druid stones, upon a forlorn moor,



When the chill rain begins at shut of eve,



In dull November, and their chancel vault,



The Heaven itself, is blinded throughout night.



Each one kept shroud, nor to his neighbour gave



40

Or word, or look, or action of despair.



Creüs was one; his ponderous iron mace



Lay by him, and a shattered rib of rock



Told of his rage, ere he thus sank and pined.



Iäpetus another; in his grasp,



A serpent’s plashy neck; its barbed tongue



Squeezed from the gorge, and all its uncurled length



Dead – and because the creature could not spit



Its poison in the eyes of conquering Jove.



Next Cottus; prone he lay, chin uppermost,



50

As though in pain, for still upon the flint



He ground severe his skull, with open mouth



And eyes at horrid working. Nearest him



Asia, born of most enormous Caf,



Who cost her mother Tellus keener pangs,



Though feminine, than any of her sons:



More thought than woe was in her dusky face,



For she was prophesying of her glory;



And in her wide imagination stood



Palm-shaded temples, and high rival fanes,



60

By Oxus or in Ganges’ sacred isles.



Even as Hope upon her anchor leans,



So leant she, not so fair, upon a tusk



Shed from the broadest of her elephants.



Above her, on a crag’s uneasy shelve,



Upon his elbow raised, all prostrate else,



Shadowed Enceladus – once tame and mild



As grazing ox unworried in the meads;



Now tiger-passioned, lion-thoughted, wroth,



He meditated, plotted, and even now



70

Was hurling mountains in that second war,



Not long delayed, that scared the younger Gods



To hide themselves in forms of beast and bird.



Not far hence Atlas; and beside him prone



Phorcus, the sire of Gorgons. Neighboured close



Oceanus, and Tethys, in whose lap



Sobbed Clymene among her tangled hair.



In midst of all lay Themis, at the feet



Of Ops the queen all clouded round from sight;



No shape distinguishable, more than when



80

Thick night confounds the pine-tops with the clouds –



And many else whose names may not be told.



For when the Muse’s wings are air-ward spread,



Who shall delay her flight? And she must chant



Of Saturn, and his guide, who now had climbed



With damp and slippery footing from a depth



More horrid still. Above a sombre cliff



Their heads appeared, and up their stature grew



Till on the level height their steps found ease:



Then Thea spread abroad her trembling arms



90

Upon the precincts of this nest of pain,



And sidelong fixed her eye on Saturn’s face.



There saw she direst strife – the supreme God



At war with all the frailty of grief,



Of rage, of fear, anxiety, revenge,



Remorse, spleen, hope, but most of all despair.



Against these plagues he strove in vain; for Fate



Had poured a mortal oil upon his head,



A disanointing poison, so that Thea,



Affrighted, kept her still, and let him pass



100

First onwards in, among the fallen tribe.



As with us mortal men, the laden heart



Is persecuted more, and fevered more,



When it is nighing to the mournful house



Where other hearts are sick of the same bruise;



So Saturn, as he walked into the midst,



Felt faint, and would have sunk among the rest,



But that he met Enceladus’s eye,



Whose mightiness, and awe of him, at once



Came like an inspiration; and he shouted,



110

‘Titans, behold your God!’ At which some groaned;



Some started on their feet; some also shouted;



Some wept, some wailed, all bowed with reverence;



And Ops, uplifting her black folded veil,



Showed her pale cheeks, and all her forehead wan,



Her eye-brows thin and jet, and hollow eyes.



There is a roaring in the bleak-grown pines



When Winter lifts his voice; there is a noise



Among immortals when a God gives sign,



With hushing finger, how he means to load



120

His tongue with the full weight of utterless thought,



With thunder, and with music, and with pomp:



Such noise is like the roar of bleak-grown pines,



Which, when it ceases in this mountained world,



No other sound succeeds; but ceasing here,



Among these fallen, Saturn’s voice therefrom



Grew up like organ, that begins anew



Its strain, when other harmonies, stopped short,



Leave the dinned air vibrating silverly.



Thus grew it up: ‘Not in my own sad breast,



130

Which is its own great judge and searcher-out,



Can I find reason why ye should be thus:



Not in the legends of the first of days,



Studied from that old spirit-leavèd book



Which starry Uranus with finger bright



Saved from the shores of darkness, when the waves



Low-ebbed still hid it up in shallow gloom –



And the which book ye know I ever kept



For my firm-basèd footstool – Ah, infirm!



Not there, nor in sign, symbol, or portent



140

Of element, earth, water, air, and fire –



At war, at peace, or inter-quarrelling



One against one, or two, or three, or all



Each several one against the other three,



As fire with air loud warring when rain-floods



Drown both, and press them both against earth’s face,



Where, finding sulphur, a quadruple wrath



Unhinges the poor world – not in that strife,



Wherefrom I take strange lore, and read it deep,



Can I find reason why ye should be thus –



150

No, nowhere can unriddle, though I search,



And pore on Nature’s universal scroll



Even to swooning, why ye, Divinities,



The first-born of all shaped and palpable Gods,



Should cower beneath what, in comparison,



Is untremendous might. Yet ye are here,



O’erwhelmed, and spurned, and battered, ye are here!



O Titans, shall I say, “Arise!”? – Ye groan:



Shall I say “Crouch!”? – Ye groan. What can I then?



O Heaven wide! O unseen parent dear!



160

What can I? Tell me, all ye brethren Gods,



How we can war, how engine our great wrath!



O speak your counsel now, for Saturn’s ear



Is all a-hungered. Thou, Oceanus,



Ponderest high and deep, and in thy face



I see, astonied, that severe content



Which comes of thought and musing. Give us help!’



So ended Saturn; and the God of the Sea,



Sophist and sage from no Athenian grove,



But cogitation in his watery shades,



170

Arose, with locks not oozy, and began,



In murmurs which his first-endeavouring tongue



Caught infant-like from the far-foamèd sands.



‘O ye, whom wrath consumes! who, passion-stung,



Writhe at defeat, and nurse your agonies!



Shut up your senses, stifle up your ears,



My voice is not a bellows unto ire.



Yet listen, ye who will, whilst I bring proof



How ye, perforce, must be content to stoop;



And in the proof much comfort will I give,



180

If ye will take that comfort in its truth.



We fall by course of Nature’s law, not force



Of thunder, or of Jove. Great Saturn, thou



Hast sifted well the atom-universe;



But for this reason, that thou art the King,



And only blind from sheer supremacy,



One avenue was shaded from thine eyes,



Through which I wandered to eternal truth.



And first, as thou wast not the first of powers,



So art thou not the last; it cannot be:



190

Thou art not the beginning nor the end.



From Chaos and parental Darkness came



Light, the first fruits of that intestine broil,



That sullen ferment, which for wondrous ends



Was ripening in itself. The ripe hour came,



And with it Light, and Light, engendering



Upon its own producer, forthwith touched



The whole enormous matter into life.



Upon that very hour, our parentage,



The Heavens, and the Earth, were manifest:



200

Then thou first born, and we the giant race,



Found ourselves ruling new and beauteous realms.



Now comes the pain of truth, to whom ’tis pain –



O folly! for to bear all naked truths,



And to envisage circumstance, all calm,



That is the top of sovereignty. Mark well!



As Heaven and Earth are fairer, fairer far



Than Chaos and blank Darkness, though once chiefs;



And as we show beyond that Heaven and Earth



In form and shape compact and beautiful,



210

In will, in action free, companionship,



And thousand other signs of purer life;



So on our heels a fresh perfection treads,



A power more strong in beauty, born of us



And fated to excel us, as we pass



In glory that old Darkness: nor are we



Thereby more conquered, than by us the rule



Of shapeless Chaos. Say, doth the dull soil



Quarrel with the proud forests it hath fed,



And feedeth still, more comely than itself?



220

Can it deny the chiefdom of green groves?



Or shall the tree be envious of the dove



Because it cooeth, and hath snowy wings



To wander wherewithal and find its joys?



We are such forest-trees and our fair boughs



Have bred forth, not pale solitary doves,



But eagles golden-feathered, who do tower



Above us in their beauty, and must reign



In right thereof. For ’tis the eternal law



That first in beauty should be first in might.



230

Yea, by that law, another race may drive



Our conquerors to mourn as we do now.



Have ye beheld the young God of the Seas,



My dispossessor? Have ye seen his face?



Have ye beheld his chariot, foamed along



By noble winged creatures he hath made?



I saw him on the calmèd waters scud,



With such a glow of beauty in his eyes,



That it enforced me to bid sad farewell



To all my empire: farewell sad I took,



240

And hither came, to see how dolorous fate



Had wrought upon ye; and how I might best



Give consolation in this woe extreme.



Receive the truth, and let it be your balm.’



Whether through posed conviction, or disdain,



They guarded silence, when Oceanus



Left murmuring, what deepest thought can tell?



But so it was; none answered for a space,



Save one whom none regarded, Clymene;



And yet she answered not, only complained,



250

With hectic lips, and eyes up-looking mild,



Thus wording timidly among the fierce:



‘O Father, I am here the simplest voice,



And all my knowledge is that joy is gone,



And this thing woe crept in among our hearts,



There to remain for ever, as I fear.



I would not bode of evil, if I thought



So weak a creature could turn off the help



Which by just right should come of mighty Gods;



Yet let me tell my sorrow, let me tell



260

Of what I heard, and how it made me weep,



And know that we had parted, from all hope.



I stood upon a shore, a pleasant shore,



Where a sweet clime was breathed from a land



Of fragrance, quietness, and trees, and flowers.



Full of calm joy it was, as I of grief;



Too full of joy and soft delicious warmth;



So that I felt a movement in my heart



To chide, and to reproach that solitude



With songs of misery, music of our woes;



270

And sat me down, and took a mouthèd shell



And murmured into it, and made melody –



O melody no more! for while I sang,



And with poor skill let pass into the breeze



The dull shell’s echo, from a bowery strand



Just opposite, an island of the sea,



There came enchantment with the shifting wind,



That did both drown and keep alive my ears.



I threw my shell away upon the sand,



And a wave filled it, as my sense was filled



280

With that new blissful golden melody.



A living death was in each gush of sounds,



Each family of rapturous hurried notes,



That fell, one after one, yet all at once,



Like pearl beads dropping sudden from their string;



And then another, then another strain,



Each like a dove leaving its olive perch,



With music winged instead of silent plumes,



To hover round my head, and make me sick



Of joy and grief at once. Grief overcame,



290

And I was stopping up my frantic ears,



When, past all hindrance of my trembling hands,



A voice came sweeter, sweeter than all tune,



And still it cried, “Apollo! young Apollo!



The morning-bright Apollo! young Apollo!”



I fled, it followed me, and cried “Apollo!”



O Father, and O Brethren, had ye felt



Those pains of mine – O Saturn, hadst thou felt,



Ye would not call this too indulged tongue



Presumptuous, in thus venturing to be heard.’



300

So far her voice flowed on, like timorous brook



That, lingering along a pebbled coast,



Doth fear to meet the sea: but sea it met,



And shuddered; for the overwhelming voice



Of huge Enceladus swallowed it in wrath:



The ponderous syllables, like sullen waves



In the half-glutted hollows of reef-rocks,



Came boomng thus, while still upon his arm



He leaned – not rising, from supreme contempt:



‘Or shall we listen to the over-wise,



310

Or to the over-foolish, Giant-Gods?



Not thunderbolt on thunderbolt, till all



That rebel Jove’s whole armoury were spent,



Not world on world upon these shoulders piled



Could agonize me more than baby-words



In midst of this dethronement horrible.



Speak! Roar! Shout! Yell! ye sleepy Titans all.



Do ye forget the blows, the buffets vile?



Are ye not smitten by a youngling arm?



Dost thou forget, sham Monarch of the Waves,



320

Thy scalding in the seas? What, have I roused



Your spleens with so few simple words as these



O joy! for now I see ye are not lost:



O joy! for now I see a thousand eyes



Wide-glaring for revenge!’ – As this he said,



He lifted up his stature vast, and stood,



Still without intermission speaking thus:



Now ye are flames, I’ll tell you how to burn,



nd purge the ether of our enemies;



How to feed fierce the crooked stings of fire,



330

And singe away the swollen clouds of Jove,



Stifling that puny essence in its tent.



O let him feel the evil he hath done;



or though I scorn Oceanuss lore,



Much pain have I for more than loss of realms:



The days of peace and slumbrous calm are fled;



Those days, all innocent of scathing war,



When all the fair Existences of heaven



Came open-eyed to guess what we would speak –



That was before our brows were taught to frown,



340

Before our lips knew else but solemn sounds;



That was before we knew the wingèd thing,



Victory, might be lost, or might be won.



And be ye mindful that Hyperion,



Our brightest brother, still is undisgraced –



Hyperion, lo! his radiance is here!’



All eyes were on Enceladus’s face,



And they beheld, while still Hyperion’s name



Flew from his lips up to the vaulted rocks,



A pallid gleam across his features stern –



350

Not savage, for he saw full many a God



Wroth as himself. He looked upon them all,



And in each face he saw a gleam of light,



But splendider in Saturn’s, whose hoar locks



Shone like the bubbling foam about a keel



When the prow sweeps into a midnight cove.



In pale and silver silence they remained,



Till suddenly a splendour, like the morn,



Pervaded all the beetling gloomy steeps,



All the sad spaces of oblivion,



360

And every gulf, and every chasm old,



And every height, and every sullen depth,



Voiceless, or hoarse with loud tormented streams;



And all the everlasting cataracts,



And all the headlong torrents far and near,



Mantled before in darkness and huge shade,



Now saw the light and made it terrible.



It was Hyperion: a granite peak



His bright feet touched, and there he stayed to view



The misery his brilliance had betrayed



370

To the most hateful seeing of itself.



Golden his hair of short Numidian curl,



Regal his shape majestic, a vast shade



In midst of his own brightness, like the bulk



Of Memnon’s image at the set of sun



To one who travels from the dusking East:



Sighs, too, as mournful as that Memnon’s harp,



He uttered, while his hands contemplative



He pressed together, and in silence stood.



Despondence seized again the fallen Gods



380

At sight of the dejected King of Day,



And many hid their faces from the light:



But fierce Enceladus sent forth his eyes



Among the brotherhood; and, at their glare,



Uprose Iäpetus, and Creüs too,



And Phorcus, sea-born, and together strode



To where he towered on his eminence.



There those four shouted forth old Saturn’s name;



Hyperion from the peak loud answered, ‘Saturn!’



Saturn sat near the Mother of the Gods,



390

In whose face was no joy, though all the Gods



Gave from their hollow throats the name of ‘Saturn!’



BOOK III



Thus in alternate uproar and sad peace,



Amazèd were those Titans utterly.



O leave them, Muse! O leave them to their woes;



For thou art weak to sing such tumults dire:



A solitary sorrow best befits



Thy lips, and antheming a lonely grief.



Leave them, O Muse! for thou anon wilt find



Many a fallen old Divinity



Wandering in vain about bewildered shores.



10

Meantime touch piously the Delphic harp,



And not a wind of heaven but will breathe



In aid soft warble from the Dorian flute;



For lo! ’tis for the Father of all verse.



Flush every thing that hath a vermeil hue,



Let the rose glow intense and warm the air,



And let the clouds of even and of morn



Float in voluptuous fleeces o’er the hills;



Let the red wine within the goblet boil,



Cold as a bubbling well; let faint-lipped shells,



20

On sands, or in great deeps, vermilion turn



Through all their labyrinths; and let the maid



Blush keenly, as with some warm kiss surprised.



Chief isle of the embowered Cyclades,



Rejoice, O Delos, with thine olives green,



And poplars, and lawn-shading palms, and beech,



In which the Zephyr breathes the loudest song,



And hazels thick, dark-stemmed beneath the shade:



Apollo is once more the golden theme!



Where was he, when the Giant of the Sun



30

Stood bright, amid the sorrow of his peers?



Together had he left his mother fair



And his twin-sister sleeping in their bower,



And in the morning twilight wandered forth



Beside the osiers of a rivulet,



Full ankle-deep in lilies of the vale.



The nightingale had ceased, and a few stars



Were lingering in the heavens, while the thrush



Began calm-throated. Throughout all the isle



There was no covert, no retirèd cave



40

Unhaunted by the murmurous noise of waves,



Though scarcely heard in many a green recess.



He listened, and he wept, and his bright tears



Went trickling down the golden bow he held.



Thus with half-shut suffusèd eyes he stood,



While from beneath some cumbrous boughs hard by



With solemn step an awful Goddess came,



And there was purport in her looks for him,



Which he with eager guess began to read



Perplexed, the while melodiously he said:



50

‘How cam’st thou over the unfooted sea?



Or hath that antique mien and robed form



Moved in these vales invisible till now?



Sure I have heard those vestments sweeping o’er



The fallen leaves, when I have sat alone



In cool mid-forest. Surely I have traced



The rustle of those ample skirts about



These grassy solitudes, and seen the flowers



Lift up their heads, as still the whisper passed.



Goddess! I have beheld those eyes before,



60

And their eternal calm, and all that face,



Or I have dreamed.’ – ‘Yes,’ said the supreme shape,



Thou hast dreamed of me; and awaking up



Didst find a lyre all golden by thy side,



Whose strings touched by thy fingers, all the vast



Unwearied ear of the whole universe



Listened in pain and pleasure at the birth



Of such new tuneful wonder. Is’t not strange



That thou shouldst weep, so gifted? Tell me, youth,



What sorrow thou canst feel; for I am sad



70

When thou dost shed a tear. Explain thy griefs



To one who in this lonely isle hath been



The watcher of thy sleep and hours of life,



From the young day when first thy infant hand



Plucked witless the weak flowers, till thine arm



Could bend that bow heroic to all times.



Show thy heart’s secret to an ancient Power



Who hath forsaken old and sacred thrones



For prophecies of thee, and for the sake



Of loveliness new born.’ – Apollo then,



80

With sudden scrutiny and gloomless eyes,



Thus answered, while his white melodious throat



Throbbed with the syllables: ‘Mnemosyne!



Thy name is on my tongue, I know not how;



Why should I tell thee what thou so well seest?



Why should I strive to show what from thy lips



Would come no mystery? For me, dark, dark,



And painful vile oblivion seals my eyes:



I strive to search wherefore I am so sad,



Until a melancholy numbs my limbs;



90

And then upon the grass I sit, and moan,



Like one who once had wings. O why should I



Feel cursed and thwarted, when the liegeless air



Yields to my step aspirant? Why should I



Spurn the green turf as hateful to my feet?



Goddess benign, point forth some unknown thing:



Are there not other regions than this isle?



What are the stars? There is the sun, the sun!



And the most patient brilliance of the moon!



And stars by thousands! Point me out the way



100

To any one particular beauteous star,



And I will flit into it with my lyre,



And make its silvery splendour pant with bliss.



I have heard the cloudy thunder. Where is power?



Whose hand, whose essence, what Divinity



Makes this alarum in the elements,



While I here idle listen on the shores



In fearless yet in aching ignorance?



O tell me, lonely Goddess, by thy harp,



That waileth every morn and eventide,



110

Tell me why thus I rave, about these groves!



Mute thou remainest – mute! yet I can read



A wondrous lesson in thy silent face:



Knowledge enormous makes a God of me.



Names, deeds, grey legends, dire events, rebellions,



Majesties, sovran voices, agonies,



Creations and destroyings, all at once



Pour into the wide hollows of my brain,



And deify me, as if some blithe wine



Or bright elixir peerless I had drunk,



120

And so become immortal.’ – Thus the God,



While his enkindlèd eyes, with level glance



Beneath his white soft temples, steadfast kept



Trembling with light upon Mnemosyne.



Soon wild commotions shook him, and made flush



All the immortal fairness of his limbs –



Most like the struggle at the gate of death;



Or liker still to one who should take leave



Of pale immortal death, and with a pang



As hot as death’s is chill, with fierce convulse



130

Die into life: so young Apollo anguished.



His very hair, his golden tresses famed



Kept undulation round his eager neck.



During the pain Mnemosyne upheld



Her arms as one who prophesied. – At length



Apollo shrieked – and lo! from all his limbs



Celestial….





Fancy


Ever let the Fancy roam,



Pleasure never is at home:



At a touch sweet Pleasure melteth,



Like to bubbles when rain pelteth.



Then let wingèd Fancy wander



Through the thought still spread beyond her:



Open wide the mind’s cage-door,



She’ll dart forth, and cloudward soar.



O sweet Fancy! let her loose –



10

Summer’s joys are spoilt by use,



And the enjoying of the Spring



Fades as does its blossoming;



Autumn’s red-lipped fruitage too,



Blushing through the mist and dew,



Cloys with tasting. What do then?



Sit thee by the ingle, when



The sere faggot blazes bright,



Spirit of a winters night;



When the soundless earth is muffled,



20

And the cakèd snow is shuffled



From the ploughboy’s heavy shoon;



When the Night doth meet the Noon



In a dark conspiracy



To banish Even from her sky.



Sit thee there, and send abroad,



With a mind self-overawed,



Fancy, high-commissioned – send her!



She has vassals to attend her:



She will bring, in spite of frost,



30

Beauties that the earth hath lost;



She will bring thee, all together,



All delights of summer weather;



All the buds and bells of May,



From dewy sward or thorny spray;



All the heapèd Autumn’s wealth,



With a still, mysterious stealth:



She will mix these pleasures up



Like three fit wines in a cup,



And thou shalt quaff it – thou shalt hear



40

Distant harvest-carols clear;



Rustle of the reapèd corn;



Sweet birds antheming the morn:



And, in the same moment – hark!



’Tis the early April lark,



Or the rooks, with busy caw,



Foraging for sticks and straw.



Thou shalt, at one glance, behold



The daisy and the marigold;



White-plumed lilies, and the first



50

Hedge-grown primrose that hath burst;



Shaded hyacinth, alway



Sapphire queen of the mid-May;



And every leaf, and every flower



Pearlèd with the self-same shower.



Thou shalt see the field-mouse peep



Meagre from its cellèd sleep;



And the snake all winter-thin



Cast on sunny bank its skin;



Freckled nest-eggs thou shalt see



60

Hatching in the hawthorn-tree,



When the hen-bird’s wing doth rest



Quiet on her mossy nest;



Then the hurry and alarm



When the bee-hive casts its swarm;



Acorns ripe down-pattering,



While the autumn breezes sing.



O, sweet Fancy! let her loose;



Every thing is spoilt by use:



Where’s the cheek that doth not fade,



70

Too much gazed at? Where’s the maid



Whose lip mature is ever new?



Where’s the eye, however blue,



Doth not weary? Where’s the face



One would meet in every place?



Where’s the voice, however soft,



One would hear so very oft?



At a touch sweet Pleasure melteth



Like to bubbles when rain pelteth.



Let, then, winged Fancy find



80

Thee a mistress to thy mind:



Dulcet-eyed as Ceres’ daughter,



Ere the God of Torment taught her



How to frown and how to chide;



With a waist and with a side



White as Hebe’s, when her zone



Slipped its golden clasp, and down



Fell her kirtle to her feet,



While she held the goblet sweet,



And Jove grew languid. – Break the mesh



90

Of the Fancy’s silken leash;



Quickly break her prison-string



And such joys as these she’ll bring.



Let the wingèd Fancy roam,



Pleasure never is at home.





Ode


Bards of Passion and of Mirth,



Ye have left your souls on earth!



Have ye souls in heaven too,



Double-lived in regions new?



Yes, and those of heaven commune



With the spheres of sun and moon;



With the noise of fountains wondrous,



And the parle of voices thund’rous;



With the whisper of heaven’s trees



10

And one another, in soft ease



Seated on Elysian lawns



Browsed by none but Dian’s fawns;



Underneath large blue-bells tented,



Where the daisies are rose-scented,



And the rose herself has got



Perfume which on earth is not;



Where the nightingale doth sing



Not a senseless, trancèd thing,



But divine melodious truth;



20

Philosophic numbers smooth;



Tales and golden histories



Of heaven and its mysteries.



Thus ye live on high, and then



On the earth ye live again;



And the souls ye left behind you



Teach us, here, the way to find you,



Where your other souls are joying,



Never slumbered, never cloying.



Here, your earth-born souls still speak



30

To mortals, of their little week;



Of their sorrows and delights;



Of their passions and their spites;



Of their glory and their shame;



What doth strengthen and what maim.



Thus ye teach us, every day,



Wisdom, though fled far away.



Bards of Passion and of Mirth,



Ye have left your souls on earth!



Ye have souls in heaven too,



40

Double-lived in regions new!





Song


I had a dove and the sweet dove died;



And I have thought it died of grieving.



O, what could it grieve for? Its feet were tied,



With a silken thread of my own hand’s weaving.



Sweet little red feet! why would you die –



Why would you leave me, sweet bird! why?



You lived alone on the forest-tree,



Why, pretty thing, could you not live with me?



I kissed you oft and gave you white peas;



10

Why not live sweetly, as in the green trees?





Song


I



Hush, hush! tread softly! hush, hush my dear!



All the house is asleep, but we know very well



That the jealous, the jealous old bald-pate may hear,



Though you’ve padded his night-cap – O sweet Isabel!



Though your feet are more light than a faery’s feet,



Who dances on bubbles where brooklets meet –



Hush, hush! tread softly! hush, hush my dear!



For less than a nothing the jealous can hear.



II



No leaf doth tremble, no ripple is there



10

On the river – all’s still, and the night’s sleepy eye



Closes up, and forgets all its Lethean care,



Charmed to death by the drone of the humming mayfly;



And the moon, whether prudish or complaisant,



Hath fled to her bower, well knowing I want



No light in the darkness, no torch in the gloom,



But my Isabel’s eyes, and her lips pulped with bloom.



III



Lift the latch! ah gently! ah tenderly – sweet!



We are dead if that latchet gives one little clink!



Well done – now those lips, and a flowery seat –



20

The old man may dream, and the planets may wink;



The shut rose may dream of our loves, and awake



Full-blown, and such warmth for the morning take,



The stock-dove shall hatch her soft brace and shall coo,



While I kiss to the melody, aching all through!





The Eve of St Agnes


I



St Agnes’ Eve – Ah, bitter chill it was!



The owl, for all his feathers, was a-cold;



The hare limped trembling through the frozen grass,



And silent was the flock in woolly fold:



Numb were the Beadsman’s fingers, while he told



His rosary, and while his frosted breath,



Like pious incense from a censer old,



Seemed taking flight for heaven, without a death,



Past the sweet Virgin’s picture, while his prayer he saith.



II



10

His prayer he saith, this patient, holy man;



Then takes his lamp, and riseth from his knees,



And back returneth, meagre, barefoot, wan,



Along the chapel aisle by slow degrees:



The sculptured dead, on each side, seem to freeze,



Emprisoned in black, purgatorial rails;



Knights, ladies, praying in dumb orat’ries,



He passeth by; and his weak spirit fails



To think how they may ache in icy hoods and mails.



III



Northward he turneth through a little door,



20

And scarce three steps, ere Music’s golden tongue



Flattered to tears this aged man and poor;



But no – already had his deathbell rung:



The joys of all his life were said and sung:



His was harsh penance on St Agnes’ Eve.



Another way he went, and soon among



Rough ashes sat he for his soul’s reprieve,



And all night kept awake, for sinners’ sake to grieve.



IV



That ancient Beadsman heard the prelude soft;



And so it chanced, for many a door was wide,



30

From hurry to and fro. Soon, up aloft,



The silver, snarling trumpets ’gan to chide:



The level chambers, ready with their pride,



Were glowing to receive a thousand guests:



The carvèd angels, ever eager-eyed,



Stared, where upon their heads the cornice rests,



With hair blown back, and wings put cross-wise on their breasts.



V



At length burst in the argent revelry,



With plume, tiara, and all rich array,



Numerous as shadows haunting faerily



40

The brain, new-stuffed, in youth, with triumphs gay



Of old romance. These let us wish away,



And turn, sole-thoughted, to one Lady there,



Whose heart had brooded, all that wintry day,



On love, and winged St Agnes’ saintly care,



As she had heard old dames full many times declare.



VI



They told her how, upon St Agnes’ Eve,



Young virgins might have visions of delight,



And soft adorings from their loves receive



Upon the honeyed middle of the night,



50

If ceremonies due they did aright;



As, supperless to bed they must retire,



And couch supine their beauties, lily white;



Nor look behind, nor sideways, but require



Of Heaven with upward eyes for all that they desire.



VII



Full of this whim was thoughtful Madeline:



The music, yearning like a God in pain,



She scarcely heard: her maiden eyes divine,



Fixed on the floor, saw many a sweeping train



Pass by – she heeded not at all: in vain



60

Came many a tip-toe, amorous cavalier,



And back retired – not cooled by high disdain,



But she saw not: her heart was otherwhere.



She sighed for Agnes’ dreams, the sweetest of the year.



VIII



She danced along with vague, regardless eyes,



Anxious her lips, her breathing quick and short:



The hallowed hour was near at hand: she sighs



Amid the timbrels, and the thronged resort



Of whisperers in anger, or in sport;



‘Mid looks of love, defiance, hate, and scorn,



70

Hoodwinked with faery fancy – all amort,



Save to St Agnes and her lambs unshorn,



And all the bliss to be before to-morrow morn.



IX



So, purposing each moment to retire,



She lingered still. Meantime, across the moors,



Had come young Porphyro, with heart on fire



For Madeline. Beside the portal doors,



Buttressed from moonlight, stands he, and implores



All saints to give him sight of Madeline



But for one moment in the tedious hours,



80

That he might gaze and worship all unseen;



Perchance speak, kneel, touch, kiss – in sooth such things have been.



X



He ventures in – let no buzzed whisper tell,



All eyes be muffled, or a hundred swords



Will storm his heart, Love’s fev’rous citadel:



For him, those chambers held barbarian hordes,



Hyena foemen, and hot-blooded lords,



Whose very dogs would execrations howl



Against his lineage: not one breast affords



Him any mercy, in that mansion foul,



90

Save one old beldame, weak in body and in soul.



XI



Ah, happy chance! the agèd creature came,



Shuffling along with ivory-headed wand,



To where he stood, hid from the torch’s flame,



Behind a broad hall-pillar, far beyond



The sound of merriment and chorus bland:



He startled her; but soon she knew his face,



And grasped his fingers in her palsied hand,



Saying, ‘Mercy, Porphyro! hie thee from this place:



They are all here to-night, the whole blood-thirsty race!



XII



100

‘Get hence! get hence! there’s dwarfish Hildebrand –



He had a fever late, and in the fit



He cursèd thee and thine, both house and land:



Then there’s that old Lord Maurice, not a whit



More tame for his grey hairs – Alas me! flit!



Flit like a ghost away.’ ‘Ah, gossip dear,



We’re safe enough; here in this arm-chair sit,



And tell me how – ’ ‘Good Saints! not here, not here;



Follow me, child, or else these stones will be thy bier.’



XIII



He followed through a lowly arched way,



110

Brushing the cobwebs with his lofty plume,



And as she muttered, ‘Well-a – well-a-day!’



He found him in a little moonlight room,



Pale, latticed, chill, and silent as a tomb.



‘Now tell me where is Madeline,’ said he,



‘O tell me, Angela, by the holy loom



Which none but secret sisterhood may see,



When they St Agnes’ wool are weaving piously.’



XIV



‘St Agnes? Ah! it is St Agnes’ Eve –



Yet men will murder upon holy days:



120

Thou must hold water in a witch’s sieve,



And be liege-lord of all the Elves and Fays,



To venture so: it fills me with amaze



To see thee, Porphyro! – St Agnes’ Eve!



God’s help! my lady fair the conjuror plays



This very night. Good angels her deceive!



But let me laugh awhile, I’ve mickle time to grieve.’



XV



Feebly she laugheth in the languid moon,



While Porphyro upon her face doth look,



Like puzzled urchin on an agèd crone



130

Who keepeth closed a wondrous riddle-book,



As spectacled she sits in chimney nook.



But soon his eyes grew brilliant, when she told



His lady’s purpose; and he scarce could brook



Tears, at the thought of those enchantments cold,



And Madeline asleep in lap of legends old.



XVI



Sudden a thought came like a full-blown rose,



Flushing his brow, and in his painèd heart



Made purple riot; then doth he propose



A stratagem, that makes the beldame start:



140

‘A cruel man and impious thou art:



Sweet lady, let her pray, and sleep, and dream



Alone with her good angels, far apart



From wicked men like thee. Go, go! – I deem



Thou canst not surely be the same that thou didst seem.’



XVII



‘I will not harm her, by all saints I swear,’



Quoth Porphyro: ‘O may I ne’er find grace



When my weak voice shall whisper its last prayer,



If one of her soft ringlets I displace,



Or look with ruffian passion in her face:



150

Good Angela, believe me by these tears,



Or I will, even in a moment’s space,



Awake, with horrid shout, my foeman’s ears,



And beard them, though they be more fanged than wolves and bears.’



XVIII



‘Ah! why wilt thou affright a feeble soul?



A poor, weak, palsy-stricken, churchyard thing,



Whose passing-bell may ere the midnight toll;



Whose prayers for thee, each morn and evening,



Were never missed.’ – Thus plaining, doth she bring



A gentler speech from burning Porphyro,



160

So woeful, and of such deep sorrowing,



That Angela gives promise she will do



Whatever he shall wish, betide her weal or woe.



XIX



Which was, to lead him, in close secrecy,



Even to Madeline’s chamber, and there hide



Him in a closet, of such privacy



That he might see her beauty unespied,



And win perhaps that night a peerless bride,



While legioned faeries paced the coverlet,



And pale enchantment held her sleepy-eyed.



170

Never on such a night have lovers met,



Since Merlin paid his Demon all the monstrous debt.



XX



‘It shall be as thou wishest,’ said the Dame:



‘All cates and dainties shall be storèd there



Quickly on this feast-night; by the tambour frame



Her own lute thou wilt see. No time to spare,



For I am slow and feeble, and scarce dare



On such a catering trust my dizzy head.



Wait here, my child, with patience; kneel in prayer



The while. Ah! thou must needs the lady wed,



180

Or may I never leave my grave among the dead.’



XXI



So saying, she hobbled off with busy fear.



The lover’s endless minutes slowly passed;



The dame returned, and whispered in his ear



To follow her; with aged eyes aghast



From fright of dim espial. Safe at last,



Through many a dusky gallery, they gain



The maiden’s chamber, silken, hushed, and chaste;



Where Porphyro took covert, pleased amain.



His poor guide hurried back with agues in her brain.



XXII



190

Her faltering hand upon the balustrade,



Old Angela was feeling for the stair,



When Madeline, St Agnes’ charmèd maid,



Rose, like a missioned spirit, unaware:



With silver taper’s light, and pious care,



She turned, and down the agèd gossip led



To a safe level matting. Now prepare,



Young Porphyro, for gazing on that bed –



She comes, she comes again, like ring-dove frayed and fled.



XXIII



Out went the taper as she hurried in;



200

Its little smoke, in pallid moonshine, died:



She closed the door, she panted, all akin



To spirits of the air, and visions wide –



No uttered syllable, or, woe betide!



But to her heart, her heart was voluble,



Paining with eloquence her balmy side;



As though a tongueless nightingale should swell



Her throat in vain, and die, heart-stiflèd, in her dell.



XXIV



A casement high and triple-arched there was,



All garlanded with carven imag’ries



210

Of fruits, and flowers, and bunches of knot-grass,



And diamonded with panes of quaint device,



Innumerable of stains and splendid dyes,



As are the tiger-moth’s deep-damasked wings;



And in the midst, ’mong thousand heraldries,



And twilight saints, and dim emblazonings,



A shielded scutcheon blushed with blood of queens and kings.



XXV



Full on this casement shone the wintry moon,



And threw warm gules on Madeline’s fair breast,



As down she knelt for heaven’s grace and boon;



220

Rose-bloom fell on her hands, together pressed,



And on her silver cross soft amethyst,



And on her hair a glory, like a saint:



She seemed a splendid angel, newly dressed,



Save wings, for Heaven – Porphyro grew faint;



She knelt, so pure a thing, so free from mortal taint.



XXVI



Anon his heart revives; her vespers done,



Of all its wreathed pearls her hair she frees;



Unclasps her warmed jewels one by one;



Loosens her fragrant bodice; by degrees



230

Her rich attire creeps rustling to her knees:



Half-hidden, like a mermaid in sea-weed,



Pensive awhile she dreams awake, and sees,



In fancy, fair St Agnes in her bed,



But dares not look behind, or all the charm is fled.



XXVII



Soon, trembling in her soft and chilly nest,



In sort of wakeful swoon, perplexed she lay,



Until the poppied warmth of sleep oppressed



Her soothèd limbs, and soul fatigued away –



Flown, like a thought, until the morrow-day;



240

Blissfully havened both from joy and pain;



Clasped like a missal where swart Paynims pray;



Blinded alike from sunshine and from rain,



As though a rose should shut, and be a bud again.



XXVIII



Stolen to this paradise, and so entranced,



Porphyro gazed upon her empty dress,



And listened to her breathing, if it chanced



To wake into a slumbrous tenderness;



Which when he heard, that minute did he bless,



And breathed himself: then from the closet crept,



250

Noiseless as fear in a wide wilderness,



And over the hushed carpet, silent, stepped,



And ’tween the curtains peeped, where, lo! – how fast she slept.



XXIX



Then by the bed-side, where the faded moon



Made a dim, silver twilight, soft he set



A table, and, half anguished, threw thereon



A cloth of woven crimson, gold, and jet –



O for some drowsy Morphean amulet!



The boisterous, midnight, festive clarion,



The kettle-drum, and far-heard clarinet,



260

Affray his ears, though but in dying tone;



The hall door shuts again, and all the noise is gone.



XXX



And still she slept an azure-lidded sleep,



In blanched linen, smooth, and lavendered,



While he from forth the closet brought a heap



Of candied apple, quince, and plum, and gourd,



With jellies soother than the creamy curd,



And lucent syrups, tinct with cinnamon;



Manna and dates, in argosy transferred



From Fez; and spicèd dainties, every one,



270

From silken Samarkand to cedared Lebanon.



XXXI



These delicates he heaped with glowing hand



On golden dishes and in baskets bright



Of wreathèd silver; sumptuous they stand



In the retired quiet of the night,



Filling the chilly room with perfume light.



‘And now, my love, my seraph fair, awake!



Thou art my heaven, and I thine eremite:



Open thine eyes, for meek St Agnes’ sake,



Or I shall drowse beside thee, so my soul doth ache.’



XXXII



280

Thus whispering, his warm, unnervèd arm



Sank in her pillow. Shaded was her dream



By the dusk curtains – ’twas a midnight charm



Impossible to melt as iced stream:



The lustrous salvers in the moonlight gleam;



Broad golden fringe upon the carpet lies.



It seemed he never, never could redeem



From such a steadfast spell his lady’s eyes;



So mused awhile, entoiled in woofèd fantasies.



XXXIII



Awakening up, he took her hollow lute,



290

Tumultuous, and, in chords that tenderest be,



He played an ancient ditty, long since mute,



In Provence called, ‘La belle dame sans mercy,



Close to her ear touching the melody –



Wherewith disturbed, she uttered a soft moan:



He ceased – she panted quick – and suddenly



Her blue affrayèd eyes wide open shone.



Upon his knees he sank, pale as smooth-sculptured stone.



XXXIV



Her eyes were open, but she still beheld,



Now wide awake, the vision of her sleep –



300

There was a painful change, that nigh expelled



The blisses of her dream so pure and deep.



At which fair Madeline began to weep,



And moan forth witless words with many a sigh,



While still her gaze on Porphyro would keep;



Who knelt, with joinèd hands and piteous eye,



Fearing to move or speak, she looked so dreamingly.



XXXV



‘Ah, Porphyro!’ said she, ‘but even now



Thy voice was at sweet tremble in mine ear,



Made tuneable with every sweetest vow,



310

And those sad eyes were spiritual and clear:



How changed thou art! How pallid, chill, and drear 1



Give me that voice again, my Porphyro,



Those looks immortal, those complainings dear!



O leave me not in this eternal woe,



For if thou diest, my Love, I know not where to go.’



XXXVI



Beyond a mortal man impassioned far



At these voluptuous accents, he arose,



Ethereal, flushed, and like a throbbing star



Seen mid the sapphire heaven’s deep repose;



320

Into her dream he melted, as the rose



Blendeth its odour with the violet –



Solution sweet. Meantime the frost-wind blows



Like Love’s alarum pattering the sharp sleet



Against the window-panes; St Agnes’ moon hath set.



XXXVII



’Tis dark: quick pattereth the flaw-blown sleet.



‘This is no dream, my bride, my Madeline!’



’Tis dark: the iced gusts still rave and beat.



‘No dream, alas! alas! and woe is mine!



Porphyro will leave me here to fade and pine. –



330

Cruel! what traitor could thee hither bring?



I curse not, for my heart is lost in thine,



Though thou forsakest a deceivèd thing –



A dove forlorn and lost with sick unprunèd wing.’



XXXVIII



‘My Madeline! sweet dreamer! lovely bride!



Say, may I be for aye thy vassal blessed?



Thy beauty’s shield, heart-shaped and vermeil dyed?



Ah, silver shrine, here will I take my rest



After so many hours of toil and quest,



A famished pilgrim – saved by miracle.



340

Though I have found, I will not rob thy nest



Saving of thy sweet self; if thou think’st well



To trust, fair Madeline, to no rude infidel.



XXXIX



‘Hark! ’tis an elfin-storm from faery land,



Of haggard seeming, but a boon indeed:



Arise – arise! the morning is at hand.



The bloated wassaillers will never heed –



Let us away, my love, with happy speed –



There are no ears to hear, or eyes to see,



Drowned all in Rhenish and the sleepy mead;



350

Awake! arise! my love, and fearless be,



For o’er the southern moors I have a home for thee.’



XL



She hurried at his words, beset with fears,



For there were sleeping dragons all around,



At glaring watch, perhaps, with ready spears –



Down the wide stairs a darkling way they found.



In all the house was heard no human sound.



A chain-drooped lamp was flickering by each door;



The arras, rich with horseman, hawk, and hound,



Fluttered in the besieging wind’s uproar;



360

And the long carpets rose along the gusty floor.



XLI



They glide, like phantoms, into the wide hall;



Like phantoms, to the iron porch, they glide;



Where lay the Porter, in uneasy sprawl,



With a huge empty flaggon by his side:



The wakeful bloodhound rose, and shook his hide,



But his sagacious eye an inmate owns.



By one, and one, the bolts full easy slide –



The chains lie silent on the footworn stones –



The key turns, and the door upon its hinges groans.



XLII



370

And they are gone – ay, ages long ago



These lovers fled away into the storm.



That night the Baron dreamt of many a woe,



And all his warrior-guests, with shade and form



Of witch, and demon, and large coffin-worm,



Were long be-nightmared. Angela the old



Died palsy-twitched, with meagre face deform;



The Beadsman, after thousand aves told,



For aye unsought for slept among his ashes cold.





The Eve of St Mark


Upon a Sabbath-day it fell;



Twice holy was the Sabbath bell,



That called the folk to evening prayer;



The city streets were clean and fair



From wholesome drench of April rains;



And, on the western window panes,



The chilly sunset faintly told



Of unmatured green valleys cold,



Of the green thorny bloomless hedge,



10

Of rivers new with spring-tide sedge,



Of primroses by sheltered rills,



And daisies on the aguish hills.



Twice holy was the Sabbath bell:



The silent streets were crowded well



With staid and pious companies,



Warm from their fireside orat’ries,



And moving, with demurest air,



To even-song, and vesper prayer.



Each archèd porch, and entry low,



20

Was filled with patient folk and slow,



With whispers hush, and shuffling feet,



While played the organs loud and sweet.



The bells had ceased, the prayers begun,



And Bertha had not yet half done



A curious volume, patched and torn,



That all day long, from earliest morn,



Had taken captive her two eyes,



Among its golden broideries;



Perplexed her with a thousand things –



30

The stars of Heaven, and angels’ wings,



Martyrs in a fiery blaze,



Azure saints ’mid silver rays,



Aaron’s breastplate, and the seven



Candlesticks John saw in Heaven,



The wingèd Lion of Saint Mark,



And the Covenantal Ark,



With its many mysteries,



Cherubim and golden mice.



Bertha was a maiden fair,



40

Dwelling in the old Minster Square;



From her fireside she could see,



Sidelong, its rich antiquity,



Far as the Bishop’s garden wall,



Where sycamores and elm trees tall,



Full-leaved, the forest had outstripped,



By no sharp north-wind ever nipped,



So sheltered by the mighty pile.



Bertha arose, and read awhile,



With forehead ’gainst the window-pane.



50

Again she tried, and then again,



Until the dusk eve left her dark



Upon the legend of St Mark.



From pleated lawn-frill, fine and thin,



She lifted up her soft warm chin,



With aching neck and swimming eyes,



And dazed with saintly imageries.



All was gloom, and silent all,



Save now and then the still foot-fall



Of one returning townwards late,



60

Past the echoing Minster gate.



The clamorous daws, that all the day



Above tree-tops and towers play,



Pair by pair had gone to rest,



Each in its ancient belfry-nest,



Where asleep they fall betimes,



To music of the drowsy chimes.



All was silent, all was gloom,



Abroad and in the homely room:



Down she sat, poor cheated soul!



70

And struck a lamp from the dismal coal,



Leaned forward, with bright drooping hair,



And slant book full against the glare.



Her shadow, in uneasy guise,



Hovered about, a giant size,



On ceiling beam and old oak chair,



The parrot’s cage, and panel square;



And the warm angled winter screen,



On which were many monsters seen,



Called doves of Siam, Lima mice,



80

And legless birds of Paradise,



Macaw, and tender Av’davat,



And silken-furred Angora cat.



Untired she read, her shadow still



Glowered about, as it would fill



The room with wildest forms and shades,



As though some ghostly Queen of Spades



Had come to mock behind her back,



And dance, and ruffle her garments black.



Untired she read the legend page,



90

Of holy Mark, from youth to age,



On land, on sea, in pagan chains,



Rejoicing for his many pains.



Sometimes the learned eremite,



With golden star, or dagger bright,



Referred to pious poesies



Written in smallest crow-quill size



Beneath the text; and thus the rhyme



Was parcelled out from time to time:



‘– Als writith he of swevenis



100

Men han beforne they wake in bliss,



Whanne that hir friendès thinke hem bound



In crimpid shroude farre under grounde;



And how a litling child mote be



A saint er its nativitie,



Gif that the modre (God her blesse!)



Kepen in solitarinesse,



And kissen devoute the holy croce.



Of Goddis love, and Sathan’s force,



He writith; and thinges many mo:



110

Of swichè thinges I may not show.



Bot I must tellen verilie



Somdel of Saintè Cicilie,



And chieflie what he auctorith



Of Saintè Markis life and death.’



At length her constant eyelids come



Upon the fervent martyrdom;



Then lastly to his holy shrine,



Exalt amid the tapers’ shine



At Venice….





‘Gif ye wol stonden hardie wight’


Gif ye wol stonden hardie wight –



Amiddès of the blackè night –



Righte in the churchè porch, pardie,



Ye wol behold a companie



Approchen thee full dolourouse.



For sooth to sain, from everich house,



Be it in city or village,



Wol come the phantom and image



Of ilka gent and ilka carle,



10

Whom coldè Deathè hath in parle



And wol some day that very year,



Touchen with foulè venime spear



And sadly do them all to die:



Hem all shalt thou see verilie.



And everichon shall by thee pass,



All who must die that year, alas….





‘Why did I laugh tonight?…’


Why did I laugh tonight? No voice will tell:



No God, no Demon of severe response,



Deigns to reply from Heaven or from Hell.



Then to my human heart I turn at once –



Heart! thou and I are here sad and alone;



Say, wherefore did I laugh! O mortal pain!



O Darkness! Darkness! ever must I moan,



To question Heaven and Hell and Heart in vain.



Why did I laugh? I know this being’s lease –



10

My fancy to its utmost blisses spreads;



Yet could I on this very midnight cease,



And the world’s gaudy ensigns see in shreds.



Verse, Fame, and Beauty are intense indeed,



But Death intenser – Death is Life’s high meed.





Faery Bird’s Song


Shed no tear – O, shed no tear!



The flower will bloom another year.



Weep no more! O! weep no more!



Young buds sleep in the root’s white core.



Dry your eyes! O! dry your eyes,



For I was taught in Paradise



To ease my breast of melodies –



Shed no tear.



Overhead! look overhead!



10

’Mong the blossoms white and red –



Look up, look up. I flutter now



On this flush pomegranate bough.



See me! ’tis this silvery bill



Ever cures the good man’s ill.



Shed no tear! O shed no tear!



The flower will bloom another year.



Adieu, adieu – I fly, adieu,



I vanish in the heaven’s blue –



Adieu, adieu!





Faery Song


Ah! woe is me! poor silver-wing!



That I must chant thy lady’s dirge,



And death to this fair haunt of spring,



Of melody, and streams of flowery verge –



Poor silver-wing! ah! woe is me!



That I must see



These blossoms snow upon thy lady’s pall!



Go, pretty page! and in her ear



Whisper that the hour is near!



10

Softly tell her not to fear



Such calm Favonian burial!



Go, pretty page! and soothly tell –



The blossoms hang by a melting spell,



And fall they must, ere a star wink thrice



Upon her closèd eyes,



That now in vain are weeping their last tears,



At sweet life leaving, and these arbours green –



Rich dowry from the Spirit of the Spheres.



Alas! poor Queen!





‘When they were come unto the Faery’s Court’


When they were come unto the Faery’s Court



They rang – no one at home; all gone to sport



And dance and kiss and love as faeries do,



For faeries be, as humans, lovers true.



Amid the woods they were, so lone and wild,



Where even the robin feels himself exiled,



And where the very brooks as if afraid



Hurry along to some less magic shade.



‘No one at home!’ the fretful princess cried,



10

‘And all for nothing such a dreary ride,



And all for nothing my new diamond cross,



No one to see my Persian feathers toss,



No one to see my Ape, my Dwarf, my Fool,



Or how I pace my Otaheitan mule.



Ape, Dwarf and Fool, why stand you gaping there?



Burst the door open, quick – or I declare



I’ll switch you soundly and in pieces tear.’



The Dwarf began to tremble and the Ape



Stared at the Fool, the Fool was all agape.



20

The Princess grasped her switch, but just in time



The Dwarf with piteous face began to rhyme.



‘O mighty Princess, did you ne’er hear tell



What your poor servants know but too, too well?



Know you the three ‘great crimes’ in faery land?



The first – alas! poor Dwarf – I understand:



I made a whipstock of a faery’s wand.



The next is snoring in their company.



The next, the last, the direst of the three,



Is making free when they are not at home.



30

I was a Prince, a baby prince – my doom



You see – I made a whipstock of a wand.



My top has henceforth slept in faery land.



He was a Prince, the Fool, a grown-up Prince,



But he has never been a King’s son since



He fell a-snoring at a faery Ball.



Your poor Ape was a Prince, and he, poor thing,



Picklocked a faery’s boudoir – now no king,



But ape – so pray your highness stay awhile;



’Tis sooth indeed, we know it to our sorrow –



40

Persist and you may be an ape tomorrow.’



While the Dwarf spake the Princess all for spite



Peeled the brown hazel twig to lily white,



Clenched her small teeth, and held her lips apart,



Tried to look unconcerned with beating heart.



They saw her Highness had made up her mind,



A-quavering like three reeds before the wind –



And they had had it, but – O happy chance! –



The Ape for very fear began to dance



And grinned as all his ugliness did ache –



50

She stayed her vixen fingers for his sake,



He was so very ugly: then she took



Her pocket mirror and began to look



First at herself and then at him and then



She smiled at her own beauteous face again.



Yet for all this – for all her pretty face –



She took it in her head to see the place.



Women gain little from experience



Either in lovers, husbands or expense.



‘The more the beauty, the more fortune too:



60

Beauty before the wide world never knew –’



So each Fair reasons, though it oft miscarries.



She thought her pretty face would please the faeries.



‘My darling Ape, I won’t whip you today –



Give me the picklock, sirrah, and go play.’



They all three wept – but counsel was as vain



As crying ‘C’up, biddy’ to drops of rain.



Yet lingeringly did the sad Ape forth draw



The picklock from the pocket in his jaw.



The Princess took it and, dismounting straight,



70

Tripped in blue silvered slippers to the gate



And touched the wards; the door full courteously



Opened – she entered with her servants three.



Again it closed, and there was nothing seen



But the Mule grazing on the herbage green.



End of Canto xii



Canto the xiii



The Mule no sooner saw himself alone



Than he pricked up his ears – and said, ‘Well done!



At least, unhappy Prince, I may be free –



No more a Princess shall side-saddle me.



O King of Otahietè – though as Mule,



80

“Ay, every inch a King”, though “Fortune’s fool” –



Well done – for by what Mr Dwarfy said



I would not give a sixpence for her head.’



Even as he spake he trotted in high glee



To the knotty side of an old pollard tree



And rubbed his sides against the mossèd bark



Till his girths burst and left him naked stark



Except his bridle – how get rid of that,



Buckled and tied with many a twist and plait?



At last it struck him to pretend to sleep



90

And then the thievish Monkeys down would creep



And filch the unpleasant trammels quite away.



No sooner thought of than adown he lay,



Shammed a good snore – the Monkey-men descended



And whom they thought to injure, they befriended.



They hung his bridle on a topmost bough,



And off he went, run, trot, or anyhow.…





‘The House of Mourning written by Mr Scott’


The House of Mourning written by Mr Scott,



A sermon at the Magdalen, a tear



Dropped on a greasy novel, want of cheer



After a walk uphill to a friend’s cot,



Tea with a maiden lady, a cursed lot



Of worthy poems with the author near,



A patron lord, a drunkenness from beer,



Haydon’s great picture, a cold coffee pot



At midnight when the Muse is ripe for labour,



10

The voice of Mr Coleridge, a French bonnet



Before you in the pit, a pipe and tabour,



A damned inseparable flute and neighbour –



All these are vile, but viler Wordsworth’s sonnet



On Dover. Dover! – who could write upon it?





Character of Charles Brown


I



He is to weet a melancholy carle:



Thin in the waist, with bushy head of hair,



As hath the seeded thistle when in parle



It holds the Zephyr, ere it sendeth fair



Its light balloons into the summer air;



Thereto his beard had not begun to bloom,



No brush had touched his chin or razor sheer;



No care had touched his cheek with mortal doom,



But new he was and bright as scarf from Persian loom.



II



10

Ne cared he for wine, or half-and-half,



Ne cared he for fish or flesh or fowl,



And sauces held he worthless as the chaff;



He ’sdained the swine-herd at the wassail-bowl,



Ne with lewd ribbalds sat he cheek by jowl,



Ne with sly Lemans in the scorner’s chair,



But after water-brooks this Pilgrims soul



Panted, and all his food was woodland air



Though he would oft-times feast on gillyflowers rare.



III



The slang of cities in no wise he knew,



20

Tipping the wink to him was heathen Greek.



He sipped no olden Tom or ruin blue,



Or Nantz or cheery-brandy drank full meek



By many a damsel hoarse and rouge of cheek.



Nor did he know each agèd watchman’s beat,



Nor in obscurèd purlieus would he seek



For curlèd Jewesses, with ankles neat,



Who as they walk abroad make tinkling with their feet.





A Dream, after reading Dante’s Episode of Paolo and Francesca


As Hermes once took to his feathers light,



When lullèd Argus, baffled, swooned and slept,



So on a Delphic reed, my idle spright



So played, so charmed, so conquered, so bereft



The dragon-world of all its hundred eyes;



And, seeing it asleep, so fled away –



Not to pure Ida with its snow-cold skies,



Nor unto Tempe where Jove grieved that day;



But to that second circle of sad hell,



10

Where in the gust, the whirlwind, and the flaw



Of rain and hail-stones, lovers need not tell



Their sorrows. Pale were the sweet lips I saw,



Pale were the lips I kissed, and fair the form



I floated with, about that melancholy storm.





La Belle Dame sans Merci. A Ballad


I



O what can ail thee, knight-at-arms,



Alone and palely loitering?



The sedge has withered from the lake,



And no birds sing.



II



O what can ail thee, knight-at-arms,



So haggard and so woe-begone?



The squirrel’s granary is full,



And the harvest’s done.



III



I see a lily on thy brow,



10

With anguish moist and fever-dew,



And on thy cheeks a fading rose



Fast withereth too.



IV



I met a lady in the meads,



Full beautiful – a faery’s child,



Her hair was long, her foot was light,



And her eyes were wild.



V



I made a garland for her head,



And bracelets too, and fragrant zone;



She looked at me as she did love,



20

And made sweet moan.



VI



I set her on my pacing steed,



And nothing else saw all day long,



For sidelong would she bend, and sing



A faery’s song.



VII



She found me roots of relish sweet,



And honey wild, and manna-dew,



And sure in language strange she said –



‘I love thee true’.



VIII



She took me to her elfin grot,



30

And there she wept and sighed full sore,



And there I shut her wild wild eyes



With kisses four.



IX



And there she lulled me asleep



And there I dreamed – Ah! woe betide! –



The latest dream I ever dreamt



On the cold hill side.



X



I saw pale kings and princes too,



Pale warriors, death-pale were they all;



They cried – ‘La Belle Dame sans Merci



40

Thee hath in thrall!’



XI



I saw their starved lips in the gloam,



With horrid warning gapèd wide,



And I awoke and found me here,



On the cold hill’s side.



XII



And this is why I sojourn here



Alone and palely loitering,



Though the sedge is withered from the lake,



And no birds sing.





Song of Four Faeries


Fire, Air, Earth and Water



SALAMANDER, ZEPHYR, DUSKETHA, AND BREAMA

SALAMANDER



Happy, happy glowing fire!



ZEPHYR



Fragrant air! delicious light!



DUSKETHA



Let me to my glooms retire!



BREAMA



I to green-weed rivers bright!



SALAMANDER



Happy, happy glowing fire!

Dazzling bowers of soft retire,

Ever let my nourished wing,

Like a bat’s, still wandering,

Nimbly fan your fiery spaces,

10 Spirit sole in deadly places.

In unhaunted roar and blaze,

Open eyes that never daze,

Let me see the myriad shapes

Of men and beasts, and fish, and apes,

Portrayed in many a fiery den,

And wrought by spumy bitumen

On the deep intenser roof,

Archèd every way aloof.

Let me breathe upon their skies,

20 And anger their live tapestries;

Free from cold, and every care,

Of chilly rain, and shivering air.

ZEPHYR



Spirit of Fire! away! away!

Or your very roundelay

Will sear my plumage newly budded

From its quillèd sheath, and studded

With the self-same dews that fell

On the May-grown asphodel.

Spirit of Fire! away! away!

BREAMA



30 Spirit of Fire! away! away!

Zephyr, blue-eyed, Faery, turn,

And see my cool sedge-buried urn,

Where it rests its mossy brim

‘Mid water-mint and cresses dim;

And the flowers, in sweet troubles,

Lift their eyes above the bubbles,

Like our Queen, when she would please

To sleep, and Oberon will tease,

Love me, blue-eyed Faery true,

40 Soothly I am sick for you.

ZEPHYR



Gentle Breama! by the first

Violet young nature nursed,

I will bathe myself with thee,

So you sometime follow me

To my home, far, far, in west,

Beyond the nimble-wheelèd quest

Of the golden-presenced sun;

Come with me, o’er tops of trees,

To my fragrant palaces,

50 Where they ever floating are

Beneath the cherish of a star

Called Vesper, who with silver veil

ver hides his brilliance pale,

Ever gently-drowsed doth keep

Twilight for the Fays to sleep.

Fear not that your watery hair

Will thirst in drouthy ringlets there;

Clouds of storèd summer rains

Thou shalt taste, before the stains

60 From the mountain soil they take,

And too unlucent for thee make.

I love thee, crystal Faery, true!

Sooth I am as sick for you!

SALAMANDER



Out, ye aguish Faeries, out!

Chilly lovers, what a rout

Keep ye with your frozen breath,

Colder than the mortal death.

Adder-eyed Dusketha, speak,

Shall we leave these, and go seek

70 In the earth’s wide entrails old

Couches warm as theirs is cold?

O for a fiery gloom and thee,

Dusketha, so enchantingly

Freckle-winged and lizard-sided!

DUSKETHA



By thee, Sprite, will I be guided!

I care not for cold or heat;

Frost or flame, or sparks, or sleet,

To my essence are the same –

But I honour more the flame.

80 Sprite of Fire, I follow thee

Wheresoever it may be,

To the torrid spouts and fountains,

Underneath earth-quakèd mountains;

Or, at thy supreme desire,

Touch the very pulse of fire

With my bare unlidded eyes.

SALAMANDER



Sweet Dusketha! Paradise!

Off, ye icy Spirits, fly!

Frosty creatures of the sky!

DUSKETHA



90

Breathe upon them, fiery Sprite!



ZEPHYR AND BREAMA



Away! away to our delight!



SALAMANDER



Go, feed on icicles, while we

Bedded in tongued flames will be.

DUSKETHA



Lead me to those feverous glooms,

Sprite of Fire!

BREAMA



Me to the blooms,



Blue-eyed Zephyr, of those flowers

Far in the west where the May-cloud lowers;

And the beams of still Vesper, when winds are all whist,

Are shed through the rain and the milder mist,

100 And twilight your floating bowers.





To Sleep


O soft embalmer of the still midnight,



Shutting, with careful fingers and benign,



Our gloom-pleased eyes, embowered from the light,



Enshaded in forgetfulness divine:



O soothest Sleep! if so it please thee, close



In midst of this thine hymn, my willing eyes,



Or wait the ‘Amen’, ere thy poppy throws



Around my bed its lulling charities.



Then save me, or the passed day will shine



10

Upon my pillow, breeding many woes;



Save me from curious conscience, that still hoards



Its strength for darkness, burrowing like the mole;



Turn the key deftly in the oiled wards,



And seal the hushed casket of my soul.





‘If by dull rhymes our English must be chained’


If by dull rhymes our English must be chained,



And, like Andromeda, the Sonnet sweet



Fettered, in spite of pained loveliness,



Let us find out, if we must be constrained,



Sandals more interwoven and complete



To fit the naked foot of Poesy:



Let us inspect the lyre, and weigh the stress



Of every chord, and see what may be gained



By ear industrious, and attention meet;



10

Misers of sound and syllable, no less



Than Midas of his coinage, let us be



Jealous of dead leaves in the bay wreath crown;



So, if we may not let the Muse be free,



She will be bound with garlands of her own.





Ode to Psyche


O Goddess! hear these tuneless numbers, wrung



By sweet enforcement and remembrance dear,



And pardon that thy secrets should be sung



Even into thine own soft-conchèd ear:



Surely I dreamt to-day, or did I see



The winged Psyche with awakened eyes?



I wandered in a forest thoughtlessly,



And, on the sudden, fainting with surprise,



Saw two fair creatures, couched side by side



10

In deepest grass, beneath the whispering roof



Of leaves and trembled blossoms, where there ran



A brooklet, scarce espied:



‘Mid hushed, cool-rooted flowers, fragrant-eyed,



Blue, silver-white, and budded Tyrian,



They lay calm-breathing on the bedded grass;



Their arms embraced, and their pinions too;



Their lips touched not, but had not bade adieu,



As if disjoined by soft-handed slumber,



And ready still past kisses to outnumber



20

At tender eye-dawn of aurorean love:



The winged boy I knew;



But who wast thou, O happy, happy dove?



His Psyche true!



O latest born and loveliest vision far



Of all Olympus’ faded hierarchy!



Fairer than Phoebe’s sapphire-regioned star,



Or Vesper, amorous glow-worm of the sky;



Fairer than these, though temple thou hast none,



Nor altar heaped with flowers;



30

Nor virgin-choir to make delicious moan



Upon the midnight hours;



No voice, no lute, no pipe, no incense sweet



From chain-swung censer teeming;



No shrine, no grove, no oracle, no heat



Of pale-mouthed prophet dreaming.



O brightest! though too late for antique vows,



Too, too late for the fond believing lyre,



When holy were the haunted forest boughs,



Holy the air, the water, and the fire;



40

Yet even in these days so far retired



From happy pieties, thy lucent fans,



Fluttering among the faint Olympians,



I see, and sing, by my own eyes inspired.



So let me be thy choir, and make a moan



Upon the midnight hours;



Thy voice, thy lute, thy pipe, thy incense sweet



From swingèd censer teeming –



Thy shrine, thy grove, thy oracle, thy heat



Of pale-mouthed prophet dreaming.



50

Yes, I will be thy priest, and build a fane



In some untrodden region of my mind,



Where branched thoughts, new grown with pleasant pain,



Instead of pines shall murmur in the wind:



Far, far around shall those dark-clustered trees



Fledge the wild-ridgèd mountains steep by steep;



And there by zephyrs, streams, and birds, and bees,



The moss-lain Dryads shall be lulled to sleep;



And in the midst of this wide quietness



A rosy sanctuary will I dress



60

With the wreathed trellis of a working brain,



With buds, and bells, and stars without a name,



With all the gardener Fancy e’er could feign,



Who breeding flowers, will never breed the same:



And there shall be for thee all soft delight



That shadowy thought can win,



A bright torch, and a casement ope at night,



To let the warm Love in!





On Fame (I)


Fame, like a wayward girl, will still be coy



To those who woo her with too slavish knees,



But makes surrender to some thoughtless boy,



And dotes the more upon a heart at ease;



She is gipsy, will not speak to those



Who have not learnt to be content without her;



A jilt, whose ear was never whispered close,



Who thinks they scandal her who talk about her –



A very gipsy is she, Nilus-born,



10

Sister-in-law to jealous Potiphar.



Ye love-sick bards! repay her scorn for scorn;



Ye artists lovelorn! madmen that ye are,



Make your best bow to her and bid adieu –



Then, if she likes it, she will follow you.





On Fame (II)


‘You cannot eat your cake and have it too.’

Proverb



How fevered is the man who cannot look



Upon his mortal days with temperate blood,



Who vexes all the leaves of his lifes book,



And robs his fair name of its maidenhood;



It is as if the rose should pluck herself,



Or the ripe plum finger its misty bloom,



As if a Naiad, like a meddling elf,



Should darken her pure grot with muddy gloom:



But the rose leaves herself upon the briar,



10

For winds to kiss and grateful bees to feed,



And the ripe plum still wears its dim attire,



The undisturbèd lake has crystal space;



Why then should man, teasing the world for grace,



Spoil his salvation for a fierce miscreed?





‘Two or three posies’


Two or three posies



With two or three simples –



Two or three noses



With two or three pimples –



Two or three wise men



And two or three ninnies –



Two or three purses



And two or three guineas –



Two or three raps



10

At two or three doors –



Two or three naps



Of two or three hours –



Two or three cats



And two or three mice –



Two or three sprats



At a very great price –



Two or three sandies



And two or three tabbies –



Two or three dandies



20

And two Mrs – mum!



Two or three smiles



And two or three frowns –



Two or three miles



To two or three towns –



Two or three pegs



For two or three bonnets –



Two or three dove’s eggs



To hatch into sonnets.





Ode on a Grecian Urn


I



Thou still unravished bride of quietness,



Thou foster-child of silence and slow time,



Sylvan historian, who canst thus express



A flowery tale more sweetly than our rhyme:



What leaf-fringed legend haunts about thy shape



Of deities or mortals, or of both,



In Tempe or the dales of Arcady?



What men or gods are these? What maidens loth?



What mad pursuit? What struggle to escape?



10

What pipes and timbrels? What wild ecstasy?



II



Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard



Are sweeter; therefore, ye soft pipes, play on;



Not to the sensual ear, but, more endeared,



Pipe to the spirit ditties of no tone:



Fair youth, beneath the trees, thou canst not leave



Thy song, nor ever can those trees be bare;



Bold Lover, never, never canst thou kiss,



Though winning near the goal – yet, do not grieve:



She cannot fade, though thou hast not thy bliss,



20

For ever wilt thou love, and she be fair!



III



Ah, happy, happy boughs! that cannot shed



Your leaves, nor ever bid the Spring adieu;



And, happy melodist, unwearied,



For ever piping songs for ever new;



More happy love! more happy, happy love!



For ever warm and still to be enjoyed,



For ever panting, and for ever young –



All breathing human passion far above,



That leaves a heart high-sorrowful and cloyed,



30

A burning forehead, and a parching tongue.



IV



Who are these coming to the sacrifice?



To what green altar, O mysterious priest,



Leadst thou that heifer lowing at the skies,



And all her silken flanks with garlands dressed?



What little town by river or sea shore,



Or mountain-built with peaceful citadel,



Is emptied of this folk, this pious morn?



nd, little town, thy streets for evermore



Will silent be; and not a soul to tell



40

Why thou art desolate, can eer return.



V



O Attic shape! Fair attitude! with brede



Of marble men and maidens overwrought,



With forest branches and the trodden weed;



Thou, silent form, dost tease us out of thought



As doth eternity: Cold Pastoral!



hen old age shall this generation waste,



Thou shalt remain, in midst of other woe



Than ours, a friend to man, to whom thou say’st,



‘Beauty is truth, truth beauty, – that is all



50

Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.’





Ode to a Nightingale


I



My heart aches, and a drowsy numbness pains



My sense, as though of hemlock I had drunk,



Or emptied some dull opiate to the drains



One minute past, and Lethe-wards had sunk:



’Tis not through envy of thy happy lot,



But being too happy in thine happiness –



That thou, light-wingèd Dryad of the trees,



In some melodious plot



Of beechen green, and shadows numberless,



10

Singest of summer in full-throated ease.



II



O, for a draught of vintage! that hath been



Cooled a long age in the deep-delvèd earth,



Tasting of Flora and the country green,



Dance, and Provençal song, and sunburnt mirth!



O for a beaker full of the warm South,



Full of the true, the blushful Hippocrene,



With beaded bubbles winking at the brim,



And purple-stainèd mouth,



That I might drink, and leave the world unseen,



20

And with thee fade away into the forest dim –



III



Fade far away, dissolve, and quite forget



What thou among the leaves hast never known,



The weariness, the fever, and the fret



Here, where men sit and hear each other groan;



Where palsy shakes a few, sad, last grey hairs,



Where youth grows pale, and spectre-thin, and dies;



Where but to think is to be full of sorrow



And leaden-eyed despairs;



Where Beauty cannot keep her lustrous eyes,



30

Or new Love pine at them beyond to-morrow.



IV



Away! away! for I will fly to thee,



Not charioted by Bacchus and his pards,



But on the viewless wings of Poesy,



Though the dull brain perplexes and retards.



Already with thee! tender is the night,



And haply the Queen-Moon is on her throne,



Clustered around by all her starry Fays;



But here there is no light,



Save what from heaven is with the breezes blown



40

Through verdurous glooms and winding mossy ways.



V



I cannot see what flowers are at my feet,



Nor what soft incense hangs upon the boughs,



But, in embalmèd darkness, guess each sweet



Wherewith the seasonable month endows



The grass, the thicket, and the fruit-tree wild –



White hawthorn, and the pastoral eglantine;



Fast fading violets covered up in leaves;



And mid-May’s eldest child,



The coming musk-rose, full of dewy wine,



50

The murmurous haunt of flies on summer eves.



VI



Darkling I listen; and, for many a time



I have been half in love with easeful Death,



Called him soft names in many a musèd rhyme,



To take into the air my quiet breath;



Now more than ever seems it rich to die,



To cease upon the midnight with no pain,



While thou art pouring forth thy soul abroad



In such an ecstasy!



Still wouldst thou sing, and I have ears in vain –



60

To thy high requiem become a sod.



VII



Thou wast not born for death, immortal Bird!



No hungry generations tread thee down;



The voice I hear this passing night was heard



In ancient days by emperor and clown:



Perhaps the self-same song that found a path



Through the sad heart of Ruth, when, sick for home,



She stood in tears amid the alien corn;



The same that oft-times hath



Charmed magic casements, opening on the foam



70

Of perilous seas, in faery lands forlorn.



VIII



Forlorn! the very word is like a bell



To toll me back from thee to my sole self!



Adieu! the fancy cannot cheat so well



As she is famed to do, deceiving elf.



Adieu! adieu! thy plaintive anthem fades



Past the near meadows, over the still stream,



Up the hill-side; and now ’tis buried deep



In the next valley-glades:



Was it a vision, or a waking dream?



80

Fled is that music – Do I wake or sleep?





Ode on Melancholy


I



No, no, go not to Lethe, neither twist



Wolf’s-bane, tight-rooted, for its poisonous wine:



Nor suffer thy pale forehead to be kissed



By nightshade, ruby grape of Proserpine;



Make not your rosary of yew-berries,



Nor let the beetle, nor the death-moth be



Your mournful Psyche, nor the downy owl



A partner in your sorrow’s mysteries;



For shade to shade will come too drowsily,



10

And drown the wakeful anguish of the soul.



II



But when the melancholy fit shall fall



Sudden from heaven like a weeping cloud,



That fosters the droop-headed flowers all,



And hides the green hill in an April shroud;



Then glut thy sorrow on a morning rose,



Or on the rainbow of the salt sand-wave,



Or on the wealth of globèd peonies;



Or if thy mistress some rich anger shows,



Emprison her soft hand, and let her rave,



20

And feed deep, deep upon her peerless eyes.



III



She dwells with Beauty – Beauty that must die;



And Joy, whose hand is ever at his lips



Bidding adieu; and aching Pleasure nigh,



Turning to poison while the bee-mouth sips:



Ay, in the very temple of Delight



Veiled Melancholy has her sovran shrine,



Though seen of none save him whose strenuous tongue



Can burst Joy’s grape against his palate fine;



His soul shall taste the sadness of her might,



30

And be among her cloudy trophies hung.





Ode on Indolence


‘They toil not, neither do they spin.’



I



One morn before me were three figures seen,



With bowèd necks, and joinèd hands, side-faced;



And one behind the other stepped serene,



In placid sandals, and in white robes graced;



They passed, like figures on a marble urn,



When shifted round to see the other side;



They came again; as when the urn once more



Is shifted round, the first seen shades return;



And they were strange to me, as may betide



10

With vases, to one deep in Phidian lore.



II



How is it, Shadows! that I knew ye not?



How came ye muffled in so hush a masque?



Was it a silent deep-disguisèd plot



To steal away, and leave without a task



My idle days? Ripe was the drowsy hour;



The blissful cloud of summer-indolence



Benumbed my eyes; my pulse grew less and less;



Pain had no sting, and pleasure’s wreath no flower:



O, why did ye not melt, and leave my sense



20

Unhaunted quite of all but – nothingness?



III



A third time passed they by, and, passing, turned



Each one the face a moment whiles to me;



Then faded, and to follow them I burned



And ached for wings because I knew the three;



The first was a fair Maid, and Love her name;



The second was Ambition, pale of cheek,



And ever watchful with fatiguèd eye;



The last, whom I love more, the more of blame



Is heaped upon her, maiden most unmeek –



30

I knew to be my demon Poesy.



IV



They faded, and, forsooth! I wanted wings.



O folly! What is love! and where is it?



And, for that poor Ambition – it springs



From a man’s little heart’s short fever-fit.



For Poesy! – no, she has not a joy –



At least for me – so sweet as drowsy noons,



And evenings steeped in honeyed indolence.



O, for an age so sheltered from annoy,



That I may never know how change the moons,



40

Or hear the voice of busy common-sense!



V



A third time came they by – alas! wherefore?



My sleep had been embroidered with dim dreams;



My soul had been a lawn besprinkled o’er



With flowers, and stirring shades, and baffled beams:



The morn was clouded, but no shower fell,



Though in her lids hung the sweet tears of May;



The open casement pressed a new-leaved vine,



Let in the budding warmth and throstles lay;



O Shadows! twas a time to bid farewell!



50

Upon your skirts had fallen no tears of mine.



VI



So, ye three Ghosts, adieu! Ye cannot raise



My head cool-bedded in the flowery grass;



For I would not be dieted with praise,



A pet-lamb in a sentimental farce!



Fade softly from my eyes, and be once more



In masque-like figures on the dreamy urn.



Farewell! I yet have visions for the night,



And for the day faint visions there is store.



Vanish, ye Phantoms! from my idle sprite,



60

Into the clouds, and never more return!





Otho the Great. A Tragedy in Five Acts



Dramatis Personae


OTHO THE GREAT Emperor of Germany



LUDOLPH his son



CONRAD Duke of Franconia



ALBERT a Knight, favoured by Otho



SIGIFRED an Officer friend of Ludolph





ETHELBERT an Abbot



GERSA Prince of Hungary



An Hungarian Captain



Physician



Page



Nobles, Knights, Attendants, and Soldiers



ERMINIA Niece of Otho



AURANTHE Conrad’s Sister



Ladies and Attendants



Scene: the Castle of Friedburg, its vicinity, and the Hungarian Camp

Time: one day



ACT I



Scene 1 An Apartment in the Castle. Enter CONRAD.



CONRAD So, I am safe emergèd from these broils!



Amid the wreck of thousands I am whole;



For every crime I have a laurel-wreath,



For every lie a lordship. Nor yet has



My ship of fortune furled her silken sails –



Let her glide on! This dangered neck is saved,



By dexterous policy, from the rebel’s axe;



And of my ducal palace not one stone



Is bruised by the Hungarian petards.



10

Toil hard, ye slaves, and from the miser-earth



Bring forth once more my bullion, treasured deep,



With all my jewelled salvers, silver and gold,



And precious goblets that make rich the wine.



But why do I stand babbling to myself?



Where is Auranthe? I have news for her



Shall –



[Enter AURANTHE]



AURANTHE Conrad! what tidings? Good, if I may guess



From your alert eyes and high-lifted brows.



What tidings of the battle? Albert? Ludolph?



20

Otho?



CONRAD You guess aright. And, sister, slurring o’er



Our by-gone quarrels, I confess my heart



Is beating with a child’s anxiety,



To make our golden fortune known to you.



AURANTHE So serious?



CONRAD Yes, so serious, that before



I utter even the shadow of a hint



Concerning what will make that sin-worn cheek



Blush joyous blood through every lineament,



You must make here a solemn vow to me.



30

AURANTHE I prithee, Conrad, do not overact



The hypocrite. What vow would you impose?



CONRAD Trust me for once. That you may be assured



’Tis not confiding in a broken reed,



A poor court-bankrupt, outwitted and lost,



Revolve these facts in your acutest mood,



In such a mood as now you listen to me.



A few days since, I was an open rebel –



Against the Emperor, had suborned his son –



Drawn off his nobles to revolt, and shown



40

Contented fools causes for discontent,



Fresh hatched in my ambition’s eagle nest.



So thrived I as a rebel, and, behold –



Now I am Otho’s favourite, his dear friend,



His right hand, his brave Conrad!



AURANTHE I confess



You have intrigued with these unsteady times



To admiration. But to be a favourite –



CONRAD I saw my moment. The Hungarians,



Collected silently in holes and corners,



Appeared, a sudden host, in the open day.



50

I should have perished in our empire’s wreck,



But, calling interest loyalty, swore faith



To most believing Otho; and so helped



His blood-stained ensigns to the victory



In yesterday’s hard fight, that it has turned



The edge of his sharp wrath to eager kindness.



AURANTHE So far yourself. But what is this to me



More than that I am glad? I gratulate you.



CONRAD Yes, sister, but it does regard you greatly,



Nearly, momentously – ay, painfully!



60

Make me this vow –



AURANTHE Concerning whom or what?



CONRAD Albert!



AURANTHE I would inquire somewhat of him:



You had a letter from me touching him?



No treason ’gainst his head in deed or word!



Surely you spared him at my earnest prayer?



Give me the letter – it should not exist!



CONRAD At one pernicious charge of the enemy,



I, for a moment-whiles, was prisoner ta’en



And rifled – stuff! the horses’ hoofs have minced it!



AURANTHE He is alive?



CONRAD He is! but here make oath



70

To alienate him from your scheming brain,



Divorce him from your solitary thoughts,



And cloud him in such utter banishment,



That when his person meets again your eye,



Your vision shall quite lose its memory,



And wander past him as through vacancy.



AURANTHE I’ll not be perjured.



CONRADNo, nor great, nor mighty;



You would not wear a crown, or rule a kingdom.



To you it is indifferent.



AURANTHE What means this?



CONRAD You’ll not be perjured! Go to Albert then,



80

That camp-mushroom – dishonour of our house.



Go, page his dusty heels upon a march,



Furbish his jingling baldric while he sleeps,



And share his mouldy ratio in a siege.



Yet stay – perhaps a charm may call you back,



And make the widening circlets of your eyes



Sparkle with healthy fevers. The Emperor



Hath given consent that you should marry Ludolph!



AURANTHE Can it be, brother? For a golden crown



With a queen’s awful lips I doubly thank you!



90

This is to wake in Paradise! Farewell



Thou clod of yesterday – ’twas not myself!



Not till this moment did I ever feel



My spirit’s faculties! I’ll flatter you



For this, and be you ever proud of it;



Thou, Jove-like, struckd’st thy forehead,



And from the teeming marrow of thy brain



I spring complete Minerva! But the prince –



His highness Ludolph – where is he?



CONRAD I know not:



When, lackeying my counsel at a beck,



100

The rebel lords, on bended knees, received



The Emperor’s pardon, Ludolph kept aloof,



Sole, in a stiff, fool-hardy, sulky pride;



Yet, for all this, I never saw a father



In such a sickly longing for his son.



We shall soon see him, for the Emperor



He will be here this morning.



AURANTHE That I heard



Among the midnight rumours from the camp.



CONRAD You give up Albert to me?



AURANTHE Harm him not!



E’en for his highness Ludolph’s sceptry hand,



110

I would not Albert suffer any wrong.



CONRAD Have I not laboured, plotted – ?



AURANTHE See you spare him:



Nor be pathetic, my kind benefactor,



On all the many bounties of your hand –



’Twas for yourself you laboured – not for me!



Do you not count, when I am queen, to take



Advantage of your chance discoveries



Of my poor secrets, and so hold a rod



Over my life?



CONRAD Let not this slave – this villain –



Be cause of feud between us. See! he comes!



120

Look, woman, look, your Albert is quite safe!



In haste it seems. Now shall I be in the way,



And wish’d with silent curses in my grave,



Or side by side with ’whelmèd mariners.



[Enter ALBERT]



ALBERT Fair on your graces fall this early morrow!



So it is like to do, without my prayers,



For your right noble names, like favourite tunes,



Have fall’n full frequent from our Emperor’s lips,



High commented with smiles.



AURANTHE Noble Albert!



CONRAD [aside] Noble!



130

AURANTHE Such salutation argues a glad heart



In our prosperity. We thank you, sir.



ALBERT Lady! O, would to Heaven your poor servant



Could do you better service than mere words!



But I have other greeting than mine own,



From no less man than Otho, who has sent



This ring as pledge of dearest amity;



’Tis chosen I hear from Hymen’s jewel’ry,



And you will prize it, lady, I doubt not,



Beyond all pleasures past, and all to come.



140

To you great duke –



CONRAD To me! What of me, ha?



ALBERT What pleased your grace to say?



CONRAD Your message, sir!



ALBERT You mean not this to me?



[Exeunt CONRAD and AURANTHE]



CONRAD Sister, this way;



For there shall be no ‘gentle Alberts’ now,



No ‘sweet Auranthes!’ [aside]



ALBERT (solus) The duke is out of temper; if he knows



More than a brother of a sister ought,



I should not quarrel with his peevishness.



Auranthe – Heaven preserve her always fair! –



Is in the heady, proud, ambitious vein;



150

I bicker not with her – bid her farewell!



She has taken flight from me, then let her soar –



He is a fool who stands at pining gaze!



But for poor Ludolph, he is food for sorrow:



No levelling bluster of my licensed thoughts,



No military swagger of my mind,



Can smother from myself the wrong I’ve done him –



Without design, indeed – yet it is so –



And opiate for the conscience have I none! [Exit]





Scene 2 The Court-yard of the Castle.

[Martial Music. Enter, from the outer gate, OTHO, Nobles, Knights, and Attendants. The Soldiers halt at the gate, with banners in sight]





OTHO Where is my noble herald?



[Enter CONRAD, from the Castle, attended by two Knights and Servants, Albert following]



Well, hast told



Auranthe our intent imperial?



Lest our rent banners, too o’ the sudden shown,



Should fright her silken casements, and dismay



Her household to our lack of entertainment.



A victory!



CONRAD God save illustrious Otho!



OTHO Ay, Conrad, it will pluck out all grey hairs;



It is the best physician for the spleen;



The courtliest inviter to a feast;



10

The subtlest excuser of small faults;



And a nice judge in the age and smack of wine.



[Enter, from the Castle, AURANTHE, followed by Pages holding up her robes, and a train of Women. She kneels]



Hail my sweet hostess! I do thank the stars,



Or my good soldiers, or their ladies’ eyes,



That, after such a merry battle fought,



I can, all safe in body and in soul,



Kiss your fair hand and Lady Fortune’s too.



My ring! now, on my life, it doth rejoice



These lips to feel’t on this soft ivory!



Keep it, my brightest daughter; it may prove



20

The little prologue to a line of kings.



I strove against thee and my hot-blood son,



Dull blockhead that I was to be so blind,



But now my sight is clear; forgive me, lady.



AURANTHE My lord, I was a vassal to your frown,



And now your favour makes me but more humble;



In wintry winds the simple snow is safe,



But fadeth at the greeting of the sun:



Unto thine anger I might well have spoken,



Taking on me a woman’s privilege,



30

But this so sudden kindness makes me dumb.



OTHO What need of this? Enough, if you will be



A potent tutoress to my wayward boy,



And teach him, what it seems his nurse could not,



To say, for once, I thank you, Sigifred!



ALBERT He has not yet returned, my gracious liege.



OTHO What then! No tidings of my friendly Arab?



CONRAD None, mighty Otho.



[To one of his Knights, who goes out]



Send forth instantly



An hundred horsemen from my honoured gates,



To scour the plains and search the cottages.



40

Cry a reward, to him who shall first bring



News of that vanishèd Arabian,



A full-heaped helmet of the purest gold.



OTHO More thanks, good Conrad; for, except my son’s,



There is no face I rather would behold



Than that same quick-eyed pagan’s. By the saints,



This coming night of banquets must not light



Her dazzling torches; nor the music breathe



Smooth, without clashing cymbal, tones of peace



And in-door melodies; nor the ruddy wine



50

Ebb spouting to the lees; if I pledge not,



In my first cup, that Arab!



ALBERT Mighty Monarch,



I wonder not this stranger’s victor-deeds



So hang upon your spirit. Twice in the fight



It was my chance to meet his olive brow,



Triumphant in the enemy’s shattered rhomb;



And, to say truth, in any Christian arm



I never saw such prowess.



OTHO Did you ever?



O, ’tis a noble boy! – tut! – what do I say?



I mean a triple Saladin, whose eyes,



60 When in the glorious scuffle they met mine,



Seemed to say – ‘Sleep, old man, in safety sleep;



I am the victory!’



CONRAD Pity he’s not here.



OTHO And my son too, pity he is not here.



Lady Auranthe, I would not make you blush,



But can you give a guess where Ludolph is?



Know you not of him?



AURANTHE Indeed, my liege, no secret –



OTHO Nay, nay, without more words, dost know of him?



AURANTHE I would I were so over-fortunate,



Both for his sake and mine, and to make glad



70

A father’s ears with tidings of his son.



OTHO I see ’tis like to be a tedious day.



Were Theodore and Gonfrid and the rest



Sent forth with my commands?



ALBERT Ay, my lord.



OTHO And no news! No news! ’Faith! ’tis very strange



He thus avoids us. Lady, is’t not strange?



Will he be truant to you too? It is a shame.



CONRAD Will’t please your highness enter, and accept



The unworthy welcome of your servant’s house?



Leaving your cares to one whose diligence



80

May in few hours make pleasures of them all.



OTHO Not so tedious, Conrad. No, no, no, no –



I must see Ludolph or the – What’s that shout!



VOICES WITHOUT Huzza! huzza! Long live the Emperor!



OTHER VOICES Fall back! Away there!



OTHO Say, what noise is that?



[ALBERT advancing from the back of the stage, whither he had hastened on hearing the cheers of the soldiery]



ALBERT It is young Gersa, the Hungarian prince,



Picked like a red stag from the fallow herd



Of prisoners. Poor prince, forlorn he steps,



Slow, and demure, and proud in his despair.



If I may judge by his so tragic bearing.



90

His eye not downcast, and his folded arm,



He doth this moment wish himself asleep



Among his fallen captains on yon plains.



[Enter GERSA, in chains, and guarded]



OTHO Well said, Sir Albert.



GERSA Not a word of greeting,



No welcome to a princely visitor,



Most mighty Otho? Will not my great host



Vouchsafe a syllable, before he bids



His gentlemen conduct me with all care



To some securest lodging? – cold perhaps!



OTHO What mood is this? Hath fortune touched thy brain?



100

GERSA O kings and princes of this feverous world,



What abject things, what mockeries must ye be,



What nerveless minions of safe palaces!



When here, a monarch, whose proud foot is used



To fallen princes’ necks, as to his stirrup,



Must needs exclaim that I am mad forsooth,



Because I cannot flatter with bent knees



My conqueror!



OTHO Gersa, I think you wrong me:



I think I have a better fame abroad.



GERSA I prithee mock me not with gentle speech,



110

But, as a favour, bid me from thy presence;



Let me no longer be the wondering food



Of all these eyes; prithee command me hence!



OTHO Do not mistake me, Gersa. That you may not,



Come, fair Auranthe, try if your soft hands



Can manage those hard rivets to set free



So brave a prince and soldier.



AURANTHE [sets him free] Welcome task!



GERSA I am wound up in deep astonishment!



Thank you, fair lady. Otho! emperor!



You rob me of myself; my dignity



120

Is now your infant; I am a weak child.



OTHO Give me your hand, and let this kindly grasp



Live in our memories.



GERSA In mine it will.



I blush to think of my unchastened tongue;



But I was haunted by the monstrous ghost



Of all our slain battalions. Sire, reflect,



And pardon you will grant, that, at this hour,



The bruisèd remnants of our stricken camp



Are huddling undistinguished, my dear friends



With common thousands, into shallow graves.



130

OTHO Enough, most noble Gersa. You are free



To cheer the brave remainder of your host



By your own healing presence, and that too,



Not as their leader merely, but their king;



For, as I hear, the wily enemy,



Who eased the crownet from your infant brows



Bloody Taraxa, is among the dead.



GERSA Then I retire, so generous Otho please,



Bearing with me a weight of benefits



Too heavy to be borne.



OTHO It is not so;



140

Still understand me, King of Hungary,



Nor judge my open purposes awry.



Though I did hold you high in my esteem



For your self’s sake, I do not personate



The stage-play emperor to entrap applause,



To set the silly sort o’ the world agape,



And make the politic smile; no, I have heard



How in the Council you condemned this war,



Urging the perfidy of broken faith –



For that I am your friend.



GERSA If ever, sire,



150

You are my enemy, I dare here swear



‘Twill not be Gersa’s fault. Otho, farewell!



OTHO Will you return, Prince, to our banqueting?



GERSA As to my father’s board I will return.



OTHO Conrad, with all due ceremony, give



The prince a regal escort to his camp;



Albert, go thou and bear him company.



Gersa, farewell!



GERSA All happiness attend you!



OTHO Return with what good speed you may; for soon



We must consult upon our terms of peace.



[Exeunt GERSA and ALBERT with others]



160

And thus a marble column do I build



To prop my empire’s dome. Conrad, in thee



I have another steadfast one, to uphold



The portals of my state; and, for my own



Pre-eminence and safety, I will strive



To keep thy strength upon its pedestal.



For, without thee, this day I might have been



A show-monster about the streets of Prague,



In chains, as just now stood that noble prince:



And then to me no mercy had been shown,



170

For when the conquered lion is once dungeoned,



Who lets him forth again? or dares to give



An old lion sugar-cates of mild reprieve?



Not to thine ear alone I make confession,



But to all here, as, by experience,



I know how the great basement of all power



Is frankness, and a true tongue to the world;



And how intriguing secrecy is proof



Of fear and weakness, and a hollow state.



Conrad, I owe thee much.



CONRAD	To kiss that hand,



180

My emperor, is ample recompense,



For a mere act of duty.



OTHO Thou art wrong;



For what can any man on earth do more?



We will make trial of your house’s welcome,



My bright Auranthe!



CONRAD	How is Friedburg honoured!



[Enter ETHELBERT and six Monks]



ETHELBERT The benison of heaven on your head,



Imperial Otho!



OTHO Who stays me? Speak! Quick!



ETHELBERT Pause but one moment, mighty conqueror,



Upon the threshold of this house of joy.



OTHO Pray, do not prose, good Ethelbert, but speak



190

What is your purpose.



ETHELBERT The restoration of some captive maids,



Devoted to Heaven’s pious ministries,



Who, driven forth from their religious cells,



And kept in thraldom by our enemy,



When late this province was a lawless spoil,



Still weep amid the wild Hungarian camp,



Though hemmed around by thy victorious arms.



OTHO Demand the holy sisterhood in our name



From Gersa’s tents. Farewell, old Ethelbert.



ETHELBERT The saints will bless you for this pious care.



200

OTHO Daughter, your hand; Ludolph’s would fit it best.



CONRAD Ho! let the music sound!



[Music. ETHELBERT raises his hands, as in benediction of OTHO. Exeunt severally. The scene closes on them]



Scene 3 The Country, with the Castle in the distance.

[Enter LUDOLPH and SIGIFRED]

LUDOLPH You have my secret; let it not be breath’d.



SIGIFRED Still give me leave to wonder that the Prince



Ludolph and the swift Arab are the same;



Still to rejoice that ’twas a German arm



Death doing in a turbaned masquerade.



LUDOLPH The Emperor must not know it, Sigifred.



SIGIFRED I prithee, why? What happier hour of time



Could thy pleased star point down upon from heaven



With silver index, bidding thee make peace?



10

LUDOLPH Still it must not be known, good Sigifred;



The star may point oblique.



SIGIFRED	If Otho knew



His son to be that unknown Mussulman



After whose spurring heels he sent me forth,



With one of his well-pleased Olympian oaths,



The charters of man’s greatness, at this hour



He would be watching round the castle walls,



And, like an anxious warder, strain his sight



For the first glimpse of such a son returned –



Ludolph, that blast of the Hungarians,



20

That Saracenic meteor of the fight,



That silent fury, whose fell scimitar



Kept danger all aloof from Otho’s head,



And left him space for wonder.



LUDOLPH	Say no more.



Not as a swordsman would I pardon claim,



But as a son. The bronzed centurion,



Long toiled in foreign wars, and whose high deeds



Are shaded in a forest of tall spears,



Known only to his troop, hath greater plea



Of favour with my sire than I can have.



30

SIGIFRED My lord, forgive me that I cannot see



How this proud temper with clear reason squares.



What made you then, with such an anxious love,



Hover around that life, whose bitter days



You vexed with bad revolt? Was’t opium,



Or the mad-fumèd wine? Nay, do not frown,



I rather would grieve with you than upbraid.



LUDOLPH I do believe you. No, ’twas not to make



A father his son’s debtor, or to heal



His deep heart-sickness for a rebel child.



40

’Twas done in memory of my boyish days,



Poor cancel for his kindness to my youth,



For all his calming of my childish griefs,



And all his smiles upon my merriment.



No, not a thousand foughten fields could sponge



Those days paternal from my memory,



Though now upon my head he heaps disgrace.



SIGIFRED My Prince, you think too harshly –



LUDOLPHCan I so?



Hath he not galled my spirit to the quick?



And with a sullen rigour obstinate



50

Poured out a phial of wrath upon my faults?



Hunted me as a Tartar does the boar,



Driven me to the very edge o’ the world,



And almost put a price upon my head?



SIGIFRED Remember how he spared the rebel lords.



LUDOLPH Yes, yes, I know he hath a noble nature



That cannot trample on the fallen. But his



Is not the only proud heart in his realm.



He hath wronged me, and I have done him wrong;



He hath loved me, and I have shown him kindness;



60

We should be almost equal.



SIGIFREDYet, for all this,



I would you had appeared among those lords,



And taken his favour.



LUDOLPHHa! till now I thought



My friend had held poor Ludolph’s honour dear.



What! would you have me sue before his throne



And kiss the courtier’s missal, its silk steps?



Or hug the golden housings of his steed,



Amid a camp, whose steelèd swarms I dared



But yesterday? And, at the trumpet sound,



Bow like some unknown mercenary’s flag,



70

And lick the soilèd grass? No, no, my friend,



I would not, I, be pardoned in the heap,



And bless indemnity with all that scum –



Those men I mean, who on my shoulders propped



Their weak rebellion, winning me with lies,



And pitying forsooth my many wrongs;



Poor self-deceivèd wretches, who must think



Each one himself a king in embryo,



Because some dozen vassals cried – ‘My Lord!’



Cowards, who never knew their little hearts,



80

Till flurried danger held the mirror up,



And then they owned themselves without a blush,



Curling, like spaniels, round my father’s feet.



Such things deserted me and are forgiven,



While I, least guilty, am an outcast still,



And will be, for I love such fair disgrace.



SIGIFRED I know the clear truth; so would Otho see,



For he is just and noble. Fain would I



Be pleader for you –



LUDOLPHHe’ll hear none of it;



You know his temper, hot, proud, obstinate;



90

Endanger not yourself so uselessly.



I will encounter his thwart spleen myself,



To-day, at the Duke Conrad’s, where he keeps



His crowded state after the victory,



There will I be, a most unwelcome guest,



And parley with him, as a son should do,



Who doubly loathes a father’s tyranny;



Tell him how feeble is that tyranny;



How the relationship of father and son



Is no more valid than a silken leash



100

Where lions tug adverse, if love grow not



From interchangèd love through many years.



Ay, and those turreted Franconian walls,



Like to a jealous casket, hold my pearl –



My fair Auranthe! Yes, I will be there.



SIGIFRED Be not so rash; wait till his wrath shall pass,



Until his royal spirit softly ebbs



Self-influenced; then, in his morning dreams



He will forgive thee, and awake in grief



To have not thy good morrow.



LUDOLPH Yes, today



110

I must be there, while her young pulses beat



Among the new-plumed minions of the war.



Have you seen her of late? No? Auranthe,



Franconia’s fair sister, ’tis I mean.



She should be paler for my troublous days –



And there it is – my father’s iron lips



Have sworn divorcement ’twixt me and my right.



SIGIFRED [aside] Auranthe! I had hoped this whim had passed.



LUDOLPH And, Sigifred, with all his love of justice,



When will he take that grandchild in his arms,



120

That, by my love I swear, shall soon be his?



This reconcilement is impossible,



For see – but who are these?



SIGIFRED They are messengers



From our great emperor; to you, I doubt not,



For couriers are abroad to seek you out.



[Enter THEODORE and GONFRID]



THEODORE Seeing so many vigilant eyes explore



The province to invite your highness back



To your high dignities, we are too happy.



GONFRID We have no eloquence to colour justly



The emperor’s anxious wishes.



LUDOLPHGo. I follow you.



[Exeunt THEODORE and GONFRID]



130

I play the prude: it is but venturing –



Why should he be so earnest? Come, my friend,



Let us to Friedburg castle.





ACT II

Scene 1 An Antechamber in the Castle.

[Enter LUDOLPH and SIGIFRED]

LUDOLPH No more advices, no more cautioning:



I leave it all to fate – to any thing!



I cannot square my conduct to time, place,



Or circumstance; to me ’tis all a mist!



SIGIFRED I say no more.



LUDOLPHIt seems I am to wait



Here in the anteroom – that may be a trifle.



You see now how I dance attendance here,



Without that tyrant temper, you so blame,



Snapping the rein. You have medicined me



10

With good advices; and I here remain,



In this most honourable anteroom,



Your patient scholar.



SIGIFREDDo not wrong me, Prince.



By Heavens, I’d rather kiss Duke Conrad’s slipper,



When in the morning he doth yawn with pride,



Than see you humbled but a half-degree!



Truth is, the Emperor would fain dismiss



The nobles ere he sees you.



[Enter GONFRID, from the Council-room]



LUDOLPHWell, sir! what?



GONFRID Great honour to the Prince! The Emperor,



Hearing that his brave son had re-appeared,



20

Instant dismissed the Council from his sight,



As Jove fans off the clouds. Even now they pass.



[Enter the Nobles from the Council-room. They cross the stage, bowing with respect to LUDOLPH, he frowning on them. CONRAD follows. Exeunt Nobles]



LUDOLPH Not the discoloured poisons of a fen,



Which he who breathes feels warning of his death,



Could taste so nauseous to the bodily sense



As these prodigious sycophants disgust



The soul’s fine palate.



CONRAD Princely Ludolph, hail!



Welcome, thou younger sceptre to the realm!



Strength to thy virgin crownet’s golden buds,



That they, against the winter of thy sire,



30

May burst, and swell, and flourish round thy brows,



Maturing to a weighty diadem!



Yet be that hour far off; and may he live,



Who waits for thee, as the chapped earth for rain.



Set my life’s star! I have lived long enough,



Since under my glad roof, propitiously,



Father and son each other re-possess.



LUDOLPH Fine wording, Duke! but words could never yet



Forestall the fates; have you not learnt that yet?



Let me look well – your features are the same;



40

Your gait the same; your hair of the same shade;



As one I knew some passèd weeks ago,



Who sung far different notes into mine ears.



I have mine own particular comments on’t;



You have your own, perhaps.



CONRAD My gracious Prince,



All men may err. In truth I was deceived



In your great father’s nature, as you were.



Had I known that of him I have since known,



And what you soon will learn, I would have turned



My sword to my own throat, rather than held



50

Its threatening edge against a good King’s quiet:



Or with one word fevered you, gentle Prince,



Who seemed to me, as rugged times then went,



Indeed too much oppressed. May I be bold



To tell the Emperor you. will haste to him?



[Exit CONRAD]



LUDOLPH Your Dukedom’s privilege will grant so much.



He’s very close to Otho, a tight leech!



Your hand – I go. Ha! here the thunder comes



Sullen against the wind! If in two angry brows



My safety lies, then Sigifred, I’m safe.



[Enter OTHO and CONRAD]



60

OTHO Will you make Titan play the lackey-page



To chattering pigmies? I would have you know



That such neglect of our high Majesty



Annuls all feel of kindred. What is son –



Or friend, or brother, or all ties of blood –



When the whole kingdom, centred in ourself,



Is rudely slighted? Who am I to wait?



By Peter’s chair! I have upon my tongue



A word to fright the proudest spirit here! –



Death! – and slow tortures to the hardy fool,



70

Who dares take such large charter from our smiles!



Conrad, we would be private. Sigifred!



Off! And none pass this way on pain of death!



[Exeunt CONRAD and SIGIFRED]



LUDOLPH This was but half expected, my good sire,



Yet I am grieved at it, to the full height,



As though my hopes of favour had been whole.



OTHO How you indulge yourself! What can you hope for?



LUDOLPH Nothing, my liege; I have to hope for nothing.



I come to greet you as a loving son,



And then depart, if I may be so free,



80

Seeing that blood of yours in my warm veins



Has not yet mitigated into milk.



OTHO What would you, sir?



LUDOLPH A lenient banishment;



So please you let me unmolested pass



This Conrad’s gates, to the wide air again.



I want no more. A rebel wants no more.



OTHO And shall I let a rebel loose again



To muster kites and eagles ’gainst my head?



No, obstinate boy, you shall be kept caged up,



Served with harsh food, with scum for Sunday-drink.



90

LUDOLPH Indeed!



OTHO And chains too heavy for your life:



I’ll choose a gaoler, whose swart monstrous face



Shall be a hell to look upon, and she –



LUDOLPHHa!



OTHO Shall be your fair Auranthe.



LUDOLPH Amaze! Amaze!



OTHO Today you marry her.



LUDOLPH This is a sharp jest!



OTHO No. None at all. When have I said a lie?



LUDOLPH If I sleep not, I am a waking wretch.



OTHO Not a word more. Let me embrace my child.



LUDOLPH I dare not. ’Twould pollute so good a father!



100

O heavy crime! that your son’s blinded eyes



Could not see all his parent’s love aright,



As now I see it. Be not kind to me –



Punish me not with favour.



OTHO Are you sure,



Ludolph, you have no saving plea in store?



LUDOLPH My father, none!



OTHO Then you astonish me.



LUDOLPH No, I have no plea. Disobedience,



Rebellion, obstinacy, blasphemy,



Are all my counsellors. If they can make



My crooked deeds show good and plausible,



110

Then grant me loving pardon, but not else,



Good Gods! not else, in any way, my liege!



OTHO You are a most perplexing, noble boy.



LUDOLPH You not less a perplexing noble father.



OTHO Well, you shall have free passport through the gates.



Farewell!



LUDOLPH Farewell! and by these tears believe,



And still remember, I repent in pain



All my misdeeds!



OTHO Ludolph, I will! I will!



But, Ludolph, ere you go, I would inquire



If you, in all your wandering, ever met



120

A certain Arab haunting in these parts.



LUDOLPH No, my good lord, I cannot say I did.



OTHO Make not your father blind before his time;



Nor let these arms paternal hunger more



For an embrace, to dull the appetite



Of my great love for thee, my supreme child!



Come close, and let me breathe into thine ear.



I knew you through disguise. You are the Arab!



You can’t deny it. [Embracing him]



LUDOLPHHappiest of days!



OTHO We’ll make it so.



LUDOLPH‘Stead of one fatted calf



130

Ten hecatombs shall bellow out their last,



Smote ’twixt the horns by the death-stunning mace



Of Mars, and all the soldiery shall feast



Nobly as Nimrod’s masons, when the towers



Of Nineveh new kissed the parted clouds!



OTHO Large as a God speak out, where all is thine.



LUDOLPH Ay, father, but the fire in my sad breast



Is quenched with inward tears! I must rejoice



For you, whose wings so shadow over me



In tender victory, but for myself



140

I still must mourn. The fair Auranthe mine!



Too great a boon! I prithee let me ask



What more than I know of could so have changed



Your purpose touching her?



OTHO At a word, this:



In no deed did you give me more offence



Than your rejection of Erminia.



To my appalling, I saw too good proof



Of your keen-eyed suspicion – she is naught!



LUDOLPH You are convinced?



OTHO Ay, spite of her sweet looks.



O, that my brother’s daughter should so fall!



150

Her fame has passed into the grosser lips



Of soldiers in their cups.



LUDOLPH’Tis very sad.



OTHO No more of her, Auranthe – Ludolph, come!



This marriage be the bond of endless peace! [Exeunt]





Scene 2 The Entrance of GERSA’S Tent in the Hungarian Camp.

[Enter ERMINIA]



ERMINIA Where! where! where shall I find a messenger?



A trusty soul? a good man in the camp?



Shall I go myself? Monstrous wickedness!



O cursed Conrad! devilish Auranthe!



Here is proof palpable as the bright sun!



O for a voice to reach the Emperor’s ears!



[Shouts in the Camp]



[Enter an Hungarian Captain]



CAPTAIN Fair prisoner, you hear those joyous shouts?



The king – ay, now our king – but still your slave,



Young Gersa, from a short captivity



10

Has just returned. He bids me say, bright Dame,



That even the homage of his rangèd chiefs



Cures not his keen impatience to behold



Such beauty once again. What ails you, lady?



ERMINIA Say, is not that a German, yonder? There!



CAPTAIN Methinks by his stout bearing he should be –



Yes – it is Albert; a brave German knight,



And much in the Emperor’s favour.



ERMINIA I would fain



Inquire of friends and kinsfolk, how they fared



In these rough times. Brave soldier, as you pass



20 To royal Gersa with my humble thanks,



Will you send yonder knight to me?



CAPTAINI will. [Exit]



ERMINIA Yes, he was ever known to be a man



Frank, open, generous; Albert I may trust.



O proof! proof! proof! Albert’s an honest man;



Not Ethelbert the monk, if he were here,



Would I hold more trustworthy. Now!



[Enter ALBERT]



ALBERT Good Gods!



Lady Erminia! are you prisoner



In this beleaguered camp? Or are you here



Of your own will? You pleased to send for me.



30 By Venus, ’tis a pity I knew not



Your plight before and, by her son, I swear



To do you every service you can ask.



What would the fairest –?



ERMINIAAlbert, will you swear?



ALBERT I have. Well?



ERMINIAAlbert, you have fame to lose.



If men, in court and camp, lie not outright,



You should be, from a thousand, chosen forth



To do an honest deed. Shall I confide –?



ALBERT Ay, anything to me, fair creature. Do;



Dictate my task. Sweet woman –



ERMINIA Truce with that.



40

You understand me not; and, in your speech,



I see how far the slander is abroad.



Without proof could you think me innocent?



ALBERT Lady, I should rejoice to know you so.



ERMINIA If you have any pity for a maid,



Suffering a daily death from evil tongues;



Any compassion for that Emperor’s niece,



Who, for your bright sword and clear honesty,



Lifted you from the crowd of common men



Into the lap of honour – save me, knight!



50

ALBERT How? Make it clear; if it be possible,



I, by the banner of Saint Maurice, swear



To right you.



ERMINIA Possible! – Easy. O my heart!



This letter’s not so soiled but you may read it –



Possible! There – that letter! Read – read it.



[Gives him a letter]



ALBERT [reads it] ‘To the Duke Conrad. – Forget the threat you made at parting, and I will forget to send the Emperor letters and papers of yours I have become possessed of. His life is no trifle to me; his death you shall find none to yourself.’ [Speaks to himself] ’Tis me ()60() – my life that’s pleaded for! [Reads] ‘He, for his own sake, will be dumb as the grave. Erminia has my shame fixed upon her, sure as a wen. We are safe. Auranthe.’



A she-devil! A dragon! I her imp!



Fire of Hell! Auranthe – lewd demon!



Where got you this? Where? When?



ERMINIA I found it in the tent, among some spoils



Which, being noble, fell to Gersa’s lot.



Come in, and see. [They go in and return]



ALBERT Villainy! Villainy!



Conrad’s sword, his corselet, and his helm,



70

And his letter. Caitiff, he shall feel –



ERMINIA I see you are thunderstruck. Haste, haste away!



ALBERT O I am tortured by this villainy.



ERMINIA You needs must be. Carry it swift to Otho;



Tell him, moreover, I am prisoner



Here in this camp, where all the sisterhood,



Forced from their quiet cells, are parcelled out



For slaves among these Huns. Away! Away!



ALBERT I am gone.



ERMINIA Swift be your steed! Within this hour



The Emperor will see it.



ALBERT Ere I sleep:



80

That I can swear. [Hurries out]



GERSA [without] Brave captains! thanks. Enough



Of loyal homage now!



[Enter GERSA]



ERMINIA Hail, royal Hun!



GERSA What means this, fair one? Why in such alarm?



Who was it hurried by me so distract?



It seemed you were in deep discourse together;



Your doctrine has not been so harsh to him



As to my poor deserts. Come, come, be plain.



I am no jealous fool to kill you both,



Or, for such trifles, rob the adorned world



Of such a beauteous vestal.



ERMINIA I grieve, my Lord,



90

To hear you condescend to ribald phrase.



GERSA This is too much! Hearken, my lady pure!



ERMINIA Silence! and hear the magic of a name –



Erminia! I am she – the Emperor’s niece!



Praised be the Heavens, I now dare own myself!



GERSA Erminia! Indeed! I’ve heard of her.



Prithee, fair lady, what chance brought you here?



ERMINIA Ask your own soldiers.



GERSA And you dare own your name.



For loveliness you may – and for the rest



My vein is not censorious.



ERMINIA Alas! poor me!



100

’Tis false indeed.



GERSA Indeed you are too fair:



The swan, soft leaning on her fledgy breast,



When to the stream she launches, looks not back



With such a tender grace; nor are her wings



So white as your soul is, if that but be



Twin-picture to your face. Erminia!



Today, for the first day, I am a king,



Yet would I give my unworn crown away



To know you spotless.



ERMINIA Trust me one day more,



Generously, without more certain guarantee,



110

Than this poor face you deign to praise so much;



After that, say and do whate’er you please.



If I have any knowledge of you, sir,



I think, nay I am sure, you will grieve much



To hear my story. O be gentle to me,



For I am sick and faint with many wrongs,



Tired out, and weary-worn with contumelies.



GERSA Poor lady!



[Enter ETHELBERT]



ERMINIA Gentle Prince, ’tis false indeed.



Good morrow, holy father! I have had



Your prayers, though I looked for you in vain.



120

ETHELBERT Blessings upon you, daughter! Sure you look



Too cheerful for these foul pernicious days.



Young man, you heard this virgin say ’twas false –



’Tis false, I say. What! can you not employ



Your temper elsewhere, ’mong these burly tents,



But you must taunt this dove, for she hath lost



The Eagle Otho to beat off assault?



Fie! fie! But I will be her guard myself;



In the Emperor’s name, I here demand of you



Herself, and all her sisterhood. She false!



130

GERSA Peace! peace, old man! I cannot think she is.



ETHELBERT Whom I have known from her first infancy,



Baptized her in the bosom of the Church,



Watched her, as anxious husbandmen the grain,



From the first shoot till the unripe mid-May,



Then to the tender ear of her June days,



Which, lifting sweet abroad its timid green,



Is blighted by the touch of calumny;



You cannot credit such a monstrous tale.



GERSA I cannot. Take her. Fair Erminia,



140

I follow you to Friedburg – is’t not so?



ERMINIA Ay, so we purpose.



ETHELBERT Daughter, do you so?



How’s this? I marvel! Yet you look not mad.



ERMINIA I have good news to tell you, Ethelbert.



GERSA Ho! ho, there! Guards!



Your blessing, father! Sweet Erminia,



Believe me, I am well nigh sure –



ERMINIA Farewell!



Short time will show.



[Enter Chiefs]



Yes, father Ethelbert,



I have news precious as we pass along.



ETHELBERT Dear daughter, you shall guide me.



ERMINIA To no ill.



150

GERSA Command an escort to the Friedburg lines.



[Exeunt Chiefs]



Pray let me lead. Fair lady, forget not



Gersa, how he believed you innocent.



I follow you to Friedburg with all speed. [Exeunt]





ACT III

Scene 1 The Country.

[Enter ALBERT]





ALBERT O that the earth were empty, as when Cain



Had no perplexity to hide his head!



Or that the sword of some brave enemy



Had put a sudden stop to my hot breath,



And hurled me down the illimitable gulf



Of times past, unremembered! Better so



Than thus fast-limèd in a cursèd snare,



The limbo of a wanton. This the end



Of an aspiring life! My boyhood passed



10 In feud with wolves and bears, when no eye saw



The solitary warfare, fought for love



Of honour ’mid the growling wilderness.



My sturdier youth, maturing to the sword,



Won by the siren-trumpets, and the ring



Of shields upon the pavement, when bright-mailed



Henry the Fowler passed the streets of Prague.



Was’t to this end I louted and became



The menial of Mars, and held a spear



Swayed by command, as corn is by the wind?



20 Is it for this, I now am lifted up



By Europe’s thronèd Emperor, to see



My honour be my executioner –



My love of fame, my prided honesty



Put to the torture for confessional?



Then the damned crime of blurting to the world



A woman’s secret! – though a fiend she be,



Too tender of my ignominious life –



But then to wrong the generous Emperor



In such a searching point, were to give up



30 My soul for football at Hell’s holiday!



I must confess – and cut my throat – today?



Tomorrow? Ho! some wine!



[Enter SIGIFRED]



SIGIFRED A fine humour –



ALBERT Who goes there? Count Sigifred? Ha! Ha! Ha!



SIGIFRED What, man, do you mistake the hollow sky



For a thronged tavern – and these stubbed trees



For old serge hangings – me, your humble friend,



For a poor waiter? Why, man, how you stare!



What gipsies have you been carousing with?



No, no more wine; methinks you’ve had enough.



40 ALBERT You well may laugh and banter. What a fool



An injury may make of a staid man!



You shall know all anon.



SIGIFRED Some tavern brawl?



ALBERT ’Twas with some people out of common reach;



Revenge is difficult.



SIGIFRED I am your friend;



We meet again today, and can confer



Upon it. For the present I’m in haste.



ALBERT Whither?



SIGIFRED To fetch King Gersa to the feast.



The Emperor on this marriage is so hot,



Pray Heaven it end not in apoplexy!



50 The very porters, as I passed the doors,



Heard his loud laugh, and answered in full choir.



I marvel, Albert, you delay so long



From these bright revelries; go, show yourself,



You may be made a duke.



ALBERT Ay, very like:



Pray, what day has his Highness fixed upon?



SIGIFRED For what?



ALBERT The marriage. What else can I mean?



SIGIFRED Today! O, I forgot, you could not know;



The news is scarce a minute old with me.



ALBERT Married today! Today! You did not say so?



60 SIGIFRED Now, while I speak to you, their comely heads



Are bowed before the mitre.



ALBERT O! monstrous!



SIGIFRED What is this?



ALBERT Nothing, Sigifred. Farewell!



We’ll meet upon our subject. Farewell, count! [Exit]



SIGIFRED Is this clear-headed Albert? He brain-turned!



’Tis as portentous as a meteor. [Exit]





Scene 2 An Apartment in the Castle.

[Enter, as from the Marriage, OTHO, LUDOLPH, AURANTHE, CONRAD, Nobles, Knights, Ladies, etc. Music]



OTHO Now, Ludolph! Now, Auranthe! Daughter fair!



What can I find to grace your nuptial day



More than my love, and these wide realms in fee?



LUDOLPH I have too much.



AURANTHE And I, my liege, by far.



LUDOLPH Auranthe! I have! O, my bride, my love!



Not all the gaze upon us can restrain



My eyes, too long poor exiles from thy face,



From adoration, and my foolish tongue



From uttering soft responses to the love



10 I see in thy mute beauty beaming forth!



Fair creature, bless me with a single word!



All mine!



AURANTHE Spare, spare me, my Lord; I swoon else.



LUDOLPH Soft beauty! by tomorrow I should die,



Wert thou not mine. [They talk apart]



FIRST LADY	How deep she has bewitched him!



FIRST KNIGHT Ask you for her receipt for love philtres.



SECOND LADY They hold the Emperor in admiration.



OTHO If ever king was happy, that am I!



What are the cities ’yond the Alps to me,



The provinces about the Danube’s mouth



20 The promise of fair sail beyond the Rhone;



Or routing out of Hyperborean hordes,



To these fair children, stars of a new age?



Unless perchance I might rejoice to win



This little ball of earth, and chuck it them



To play with!



AURANTHE Nay, my Lord, I do not know.



LUDOLPH Let me not famish.



OTHO [to Conrad] Good Franconia,



You heard what oath I sware, as the sun rose,



That unless Heaven would send me back my son,



My Arab, no soft music should enrich



30 The cool wine, kissed off with a soldier’s smack;



Now all my empire, bartered for one feast,



Seems poverty.



CONRAD Upon the neighbour-plain



The heralds have prepared a royal lists;



Your knights, found war-proof in the bloody field,



Speed to the game.



OTHO Well, Ludolph, what say you?



LUDOLPH My lord!



OTHO A tourney?



CONRAD Or, if’t please you best –



LUDOLPH I want no more!



FIRST LADY He soars!



SECOND LADY Past all reason.



LUDOLPH Though heaven’s choir



Should in a vast circumference descend



40 And sing for my delight, I’d stop my ears!



Though bright Apollo’s car stood burning here,



And he put out an arm to bid me mount,



His touch an immortality, not I!



This earth, this palace, this room, Auranthe!



OTHO This is a little painful; just too much.



Conrad, if he flames longer in this wise,



I shall believe in wizard-woven loves



And old romances; but I’ll break the spell.



Ludolph!



CONRAD He’ll be calm, anon.



[A sennet heard faintly]



LUDOLPHYou called?



50 Yes, yes, yes, I offend. You must forgive me;



Not being quite recovered from the stun



Of your large bounties. A tourney, is it not?



CONRAD The trumpets reach us.



ETHELBERT [without] On your peril, sirs,



Detain us!



FIRST VOICE [without] Let not the Abbot pass.



SECOND VOICE [without]No,



On your lives!



FIRST VOICE [without] Holy father, you must not.



ETHELBERT [without] Otho!



OTHO Who calls on Otho?



ETHELBERT [without] Ethelbert!



OTHO Let him come in.



[Enter ETHELBERT leading in ERMINIA]



Thou cursèd Abbot, why



Hast brought pollution to our holy rites?



Hast thou no fear of hangmen, or the faggot?



60

LUDOLPH What portent – what strange prodigy is this?



CONRAD Away!



ETHELBERT You, Duke?



ERMINIA Albert has surely failed me!



Looked at the Emperor’s brow upon me bent!



ETHELBERT A sad delay!



CONRAD Away, thou guilty thing!



ETHELBERT You again, Duke? Justice, most noble Otho!



You – go to your sister there and plot again,



A quick plot, swift as thought to save your heads;



For lo! the toils are spread around your den,



The world is all agape to see dragged forth



Two ugly monsters.



LUDOLPHWhat means he, my lord?



70

CONRAD I cannot guess.



ETHELBERT Best ask your lady sister,



Whether the riddle puzzles her beyond



The power of utterance.



CONRAD Foul barbarian, cease:



The Princess faints!



LUDOLPHStab him! O, sweetest wife!



[Attendants bear off AURANTHE]



ERMINIA Alas!



ETHELBERT Your wife?



LUDOLPH Ay, Satan! does that yerk ye?



ETHELBERT Wife! so soon!



LUDOLPHAy, wife! O, impudence!



Thou bitter mischief! Venomous bad priest!



How darest thou lift those beetle brows at me?



Me – the prince Ludolph, in this presence here,



Upon my marriage-day, and scandalize



80 My joys with such opprobrious surprise?



Wife! Why dost linger on that syllable,



As if it were some demon’s name pronounced



To summon harmful lightning, and make yawn



The sleepy thunder? Hast no sense of fear?



No ounce of man in thy mortality?



Tremble! for, at my nod, the sharpened axe



Will make thy bold tongue quiver to the roots,



Those grey lids wink, and thou not know it, monk!



ETHELBERT O, poor deceivèd Prince! I pity thee!



90 Great Otho! I claim justice –



LUDOLPH Thou shalt have ’t!



Thine arms from forth a pulpit of hot fire



Shall sprawl distracted! O that that dull cowl



Were some most sensitive portion of thy life,



That I might give it to my hounds to tear!



Thy girdle some fine zealous-painèd nerve



To girth my saddle! And those devil’s beads



Each one a life, that I might, every day,



Crush one with Vulcan’s hammer!



OTHO Peace, my son;



You far outstrip my spleen in this affair.



100 Let us be calm, and hear the abbot’s plea



For this intrusion.



LUDOLPH I am silent, sire.



OTHO Conrad, see all depart not wanted here.



[Exeunt Knights, Ladies, etc.]



Ludolph, be calm. Ethelbert, peace awhile.



This mystery demands an audience



Of a just judge, and that will Otho be.



LUDOLPH Why has he time to breathe another word?



OTHO Ludolph, old Ethelbert, be sure, comes not



To beard us for no cause; he’s not the man



To cry himself up an ambassador



Without credentials.



110

LUDOLPH I’ll chain up myself.



OTHO Old Abbot, stand here forth. Lady Erminia,



Sit. And now, Abbot! what have you to say?



Our ear is open. First we here denounce



Hard penalties against thee, if ’t be found



The cause for which you have disturbed us here,



Making our bright hours muddy, be a thing



Of little moment.



ETHELBERT See this innocent!



Otho! thou father of the people called,



Is her life nothing? Her fair honour nothing?



120 Her tears from matins until even-song



Nothing? Her burst heart nothing? Emperor!



Is this your gentle niece – the simplest flower



Of the world’s herbal – this fair lily blanched



Still with the dews of piety, this meek lady



Here sitting like an angel newly-shent,



Who veils its snowy wings and grows all pale –



Is she nothing?



OTHO What more to the purpose, Abbot?



LUDOLPH Whither is he winding?



CONRAD No clue yet!



ETHELBERT You have heard, my liege, and so, no doubt, all here,



130 Foul, poisonous, malignant whisperings;



Nay open speech, rude mockery grown common,



Against the spotless nature and clear fame



Of the Princess Erminia, your niece.



I have intruded here thus suddenly,



Because I hold those base weeds, with tight hand,



Which now disfigure her fair growing stem,



Waiting but for your sign to pull them up



By the dark roots, and leave her palpable,



To all men’s sight, a lady, innocent.



140 The ignominy of that whispered tale



About a midnight gallant, seen to climb



A window to her chamber neighboured near,



I will from her turn off, and put the load



On the right shoulders; on that wretch’s head,



Who, by close stratagems, did save herself,



Chiefly by shifting to this lady’s room



A rope-ladder for false witness.



LUDOLPH Most atrocious!



OTHO Ethelbert, proceed.



ETHELBERT With sad lips I shall:



For, in the healing of one wound, I fear



150 To make a greater. His young highness here



Today was married.



LUDOLPHGood.



ETHELBERT Would it were good!



Yet why do I delay to spread abroad



The names of those two vipers, from whose jaws



A deadly breath went forth to taint and blast



This guileless lady?



OTHO Abbot, speak their names.



ETHELBERT A minute first. It cannot be – but may



I ask, great judge, if you today have put



A letter by unread?



OTHO Does ’t end in this?



CONRAD Out with their names!



ETHELBERT Bold sinner, say you so?



160

LUDOLPH Out, tedious monk!



OTHO Confess, or by the wheel –



ETHELBERT My evidence cannot be far away;



And, though it never come, be on my head



The crime of passing an attaint upon



The slanderers of this virgin.



LUDOLPHSpeak aloud!



ETHELBERT Auranthe, and her brother there.



CONRAD Amaze!



LUDOLPH Throw them from the windows!



OTHO Do what you will!



LUDOLPHWhat shall I do with them?



Something of quick dispatch, for should she hear,



My soft Auranthe, her sweet mercy would



170 Prevail against my fury. Damnèd priest!



What swift death wilt thou die? As to the lady



I touch her not.



ETHELBERT Illustrious Otho, stay!



An ample store of misery thou hast,



Choke not the granary of thy noble mind



With more bad bitter grain, too difficult



A cud for the repentance of a man



Grey-growing. To thee only I appeal,



Not to thy noble son, whose yeasting youth



Will clear itself, and crystal turn again.



180 A young man’s heart, by Heaven’s blessing, is



A wide world, where a thousand new-born hopes



Empurple fresh the melancholy blood:



But an old man’s is narrow, tenantless



Of hopes, and stuffed with many memories,



Which, being pleasant, ease the heavy pulse –



Painful, clog up and stagnate. Weight this matter



Even as a miser balances his coin;



And, in the name of mercy, give command



That your knight Albert be brought here before you.



190 He will expound this riddle; he will show



A noon-day proof of bad Auranthe’s guilt.



OTHO Let Albert straight be summoned.



[Exit one of the Nobles]



LUDOLPHImpossible!



I cannot doubt – I will not – no – to doubt



Is to be ashes! – withered up to death!



OTHO My gentle Ludolph, harbour not a fear;



You do yourself much wrong.



LUDOLPHO, wretched dolt!



Now, when my foot is almost on thy neck,



Wilt thou infuriate me? Proof! Thou fool!



Why wilt thou tease impossibility



200 With such a thick-skulled persevering suit?



Fanatic obstinacy! Prodigy!



Monster of folly! Ghost of a turned brain!



You puzzle me – you haunt me – when I dream



Of you my brain will split! Bald sorcerer!



Juggler! May I come near you? On my soul



I know not whether to pity, curse, or laugh.



[Enter ALBERT, and the Nobleman]



Here, Albert, this old phantom wants a proof!



Give him his proof! A camel’s load of proofs!



OTHO Albert, I speak to you as to a man



210 Whose words once uttered pass like current gold;



And therefore fit to calmly put a close



To this brief tempest. Do you stand possessed



Of any proof against the honourableness



Of Lady Auranthe, our new-spoused daughter?



ALBERT You chill me with astonishment. How’s this?



My Liege, what proof should I have ’gainst a fame



Impossible of slur? [OTHO rises]



ERMINIA O wickedness!



ETHELBERT Deluded monarch, ’tis a cruel lie.



OTHO Peace, rebel-priest!



CONRAD Insult beyond credence!



220

ERMINIA Almost a dream!



LUDOLPHWe have awaked from



A foolish dream that from my brow hath wrung



A wrathful dew. O folly! why did I



So act the lion with this silly gnat?



Let them depart. Lady Erminia!



I ever grieved for you, as who did not?



But now you have, with such a brazen front,



So most maliciously, so madly striven



To dazzle the soft moon, when tenderest clouds



Should be unlooped around to curtain her;



230 I leave you to the desert of the world



Almost with pleasure. Let them be set free



For me! I take no personal revenge



More than against a nightmare, which a man



Forgets in the new dawn. [Exit Ludolph]



OTHO Still in extremes! No, they must not be loose.



ETHELBERT Albert, I must suspect thee of a crime



So fiendish –



OTHO Fear’st thou not my fury, monk?



Conrad, be they in your safe custody



Till we determine some fit punishment.



240 It is so mad a deed, I must reflect



And question them in private; for perhaps,



By patient scrutiny, we may discover



Whether they merit death, or should be placed



In care of the physicians.



[Exeunt OTHO and Nobles, ALBERT following]



CONRAD My guards, ho!



ERMINIA Albert, wilt thou follow there?



Wilt thou creep dastardly behind his back,



And shrink away from a weak woman’s eye?



Turn, thou court-Janus! thou forget’st thyself;



Here is the Duke, waiting with open arms,



[Enter Guards]



250 To thank thee; here congratulate each other;



Wring hands; embrace; and swear how lucky ’twas



That I, by happy chance, hit the right man



Of all the world to trust in.



ALBERT Trust! to me!



CONRAD [aside] He is the sole one in this mystery.



ERMINIA Well, I give up, and save my prayers for Heaven!



You, who could do this deed, would ne’er relent,



Though, at my words, the hollow prison-vaults



Would groan for pity.



CONRAD Manacle them both!



ETHELBERT I know it – it must be – I see it all!



260 Albert, thou art the minion!



ERMINIA Ah! too plain –



CONRAD Silence! Gag up their mouths! I cannot bear



More of this brawling. That the Emperor



Had placed you in some other custody!



Bring them away. [Exeunt all but ALBERT]



ALBERT Though my name perish from the book of honour,



Almost before the recent ink is dry,



And be no more remembered after death,



Than any drummer’s in the muster-roll;



Yet shall I season high my sudden fall



270 With triumph o’er that evil-witted duke!



He shall feel what it is to have the hand



Of a man drowning, on his hateful throat.



[Enter GERSA and SIGIFRED]



GERSA What discord is at ferment in this house?



SIGIFRED We are without conjecture; not a soul



We met could answer any certainty.



GERSA Young Ludolph, like a fiery arrow, shot



By us.



SIGIFRED The Emperor, with crossed arms, in thought.



GERSA In one room music, in another sadness,



Perplexity everywhere!



ALBERT A trifle mere!



280 Follow; your presences will much avail



To tune our jarrèd spirits. I’ll explain. [Exeunt]





ACT IV

Scene 1 AURANTHE’S Apartment.

[AURANTHE and CONRAD discovered]



CONRAD Well, well, I know what ugly jeopardy



We are caged in; you need not pester that



Into my ears. Prithee, let me be spared



A foolish tongue, that I may bethink me



Of remedies with some deliberation.



You cannot doubt but ’tis in Albert’s power



To crush or save us?



AURANTHE No, I cannot doubt.



He has, assure yourself, by some strange means,



My secret; which I ever hid from him,



Knowing his mawkish honesty.



10

CONRAD Cursed slave!



AURANTHE Ay, I could almost curse him now myself.



Wretched impediment! Evil genius!



A glue upon my wings, that cannot spread,



When they should span the provinces! A snake,



A scorpion, sprawling on the first gold step,



Conducting to the throne, high canopied.



CONRAD You would not hear my counsel, when his life



Might have been trodden out, all sure and hushed;



Now the dull animal forsooth must be



20 Entreated, managed! When can you contrive



The interview he demands?



AURANTHE As speedily



It must be done as my bribed woman can



Unseen conduct him to me; but I fear



‘Twill be impossible, while the broad day



Comes through the panes with persecuting glare.



Methinks, if ’t now were night I could intrigue



With darkness, bring the stars to second me,



And settle all this trouble.



CONRAD Nonsense! Child!



See him immediately; why not now?



30 AURANTHE Do you forget that even the senseless doorposts



Are on the watch and gape through all the house?



How many whisperers there are about,



Hungry for evidence to ruin me;



Men I have spurned, and women I have taunted?



Besides, the foolish prince sends, minute whiles,



His pages – so they tell me – to inquire



After my health, entreating, if I please,



To see me.



CONRAD Well, suppose this Albert here;



What is your power with him?



AURANTHE He should be



40 My echo, my taught parrot! but I fear



He will be cur enough to bark at me;



Have his own say; read me some silly creed



’Bout shame and pity.



CONRAD What will you do then?



AURANTHE What I shall do, I know not: what I would



Cannot be done; for see, this chamber-floor



Will not yield to the pick-axe and the spade –



Here is no quiet depth of hollow ground.



CONRAD Sister, you have grown sensible and wise,



Seconding, ere I speak it, what is now,



50 I hope, resolved between us.



AURANTHE Say, what is ’t?



CONRAD You need not be his sexton too: a man



May carry that with him shall make him die



Elsewhere – give that to him; pretend the while



You will tomorrow succumb to his wishes,



Be what they may, and send him from the Castle



On some fool’s errand; let his latest groan



Frighten the wolves!



AURANTHE Alas! he must not die!



CONRAD Would you were both hearsed up in stifling lead!



Detested –



AURANTHE Conrad, hold! I would not bear



60 The little thunder of your fretful tongue,



Though I alone were taken in these toils,



And you could free me; but remember, sir,



You live alone in my security:



So keep your wits at work, for your own sake,



Not mine, and be more mannerly.



CONRAD Thou wasp!



If my domains were emptied of these folk,



And I had thee to starve –



AURANTHE O, marvellous!



But Conrad, now be gone; the host is looked for;



Cringe to the Emperor, entertain the lords.



70 And, do ye mind, above all things, proclaim



My sickness, with a brother’s saddened eye,



Condoling with Prince Ludolph. In fit time



Return to me.



CONRAD I leave you to your thoughts. [Exit]



Auranthe’s pride!



AURANTHE [sola] Down, down, proud temper! down,



Why do I anger him when I should kneel?



Conrad! Albert! help! help! What can I do?



O wretched woman! Lost, wrecked, swallowed up,



Accursèd, blasted! O, thou golden crown,



Orbing along the serene firmament



80 Of a wide empire, like a glowing moon;



And thou, bright sceptre! lustrous in my eyes –



There – as the fabled fair Hesperian tree,



Bearing a fruit more precious! Graceful thing,



Delicate, godlike, magic! must I leave



Thee to melt in the visionary air,



Ere, by one grasp this common hand is made



Imperial? I do not know the time



When I have wept for sorrow; but methinks



I could now sit upon the ground, and shed



90 Tears, tears of misery. O, the heavy day!



How shall I bear my life till Albert comes?



Ludolph! Erminia! Proofs! O heavy day!



Bring me some mourning weeds, that I may ’tire



Myself, as fits one wailing her own death:



Cut off these curls, and brand this lily hand,



And throw these jewels from my loathing sight –



Fetch me a missal, and a string of beads –



A cup of bittered water, and a crust –



I will confess, O holy Abbot! – How!



100 What is this? Auranthe! thou fool, dolt,



Whimpering idiot! Up! Up! and quell!



I am safe! Coward! why am I in fear?



Albert! he cannot stickle, chew the cud



In such a fine extreme – impossible!



Who knocks?



[Goes to the door, listens, and opens it]



[Enter ALBERT]



Albert, I have been waiting for you here



With such an aching heart, such swooning throbs



On my poor brain, such cruel – cruel sorrow,



That I should claim your pity! Art not well?



110

ALBERT Yes, lady, well.



AURANTHE You look not so, alas!



But pale, as if you brought some heavy news.



ALBERT You know full well what makes me look so pale.



AURANTHE No! Do I? Surely I am still to learn



Some horror; all I know, this present, is



I am near hustled to a dangerous gulf,



Which you can save me from – and therefore safe,



So trusting in thy love; that should not make



Thee pale, my Albert.



ALBERT It doth make me freeze.



AURANTHE Why should it, love?



ALBERT You should not ask me that,



120 But make your own heart monitor, and save



Me the great pain of telling. You must know.



AURANTHE Something has vexed you, Albert. There are times



When simplest things put on a sombre cast;



A melancholy mood will haunt a man,



Until most easy matters take the shape



Of unachievable tasks; small rivulets



Then seem impassable.



ALBERT Do not cheat yourself



With hope that gloss of words, or suppliant action,



Or tears, or ravings, or self-threatened death,



130 Can alter my resolve.



AURANTHE You make me tremble;



Not so much at your threats, as at your voice,



Untuned, and harsh, and barren of all love.



ALBERT You suffocate me! Stop this devil’s parley,



And listen to me; know me once for all.



AURANTHE I thought I did. Alas! I am deceived.



ALBERT No, you are not deceived. You took me for



A man detesting all inhuman crime;



And therefore kept from me your demon’s plot



Against Erminia. Silence? Be so still –



140 For ever! Speak no more; but hear my words,



Thy fate. Your safety I have bought today



By blazoning a lie, which in the dawn



I’ll expiate with truth.



AURANTHE O cruel traitor!



ALBERT For I would not set eyes upon thy shame;



I would not see thee dragged to death by the hair,



Penanced, and taunted on a scaffolding!



Tonight, upon the skirts of the blind wood



That blackens northward of these horrid towers,



I wait for you with horses. Choose your fate.



150 Farewell.



AURANTHE Albert, you jest; I’m sure you must.



You, an ambitious soldier! I, a Queen,



One who could say, – Here, rule these provinces!



Take tribute from those cities for thyself!



Empty these armouries, these treasuries,



Muster thy warlike thousands at a nod!



Go! conquer Italy!



ALBERT Auranthe, you have made



The whole world chaff to me. Your doom is fixed.



AURANTHE Out, villain! dastard!



ALBERT Look there to the door!



Who is it?



AURANTHE Conrad, traitor!



ALBERT Let him in.



[Enter CONRAD]



160 Do not affect amazement, hypocrite,



At seeing me in this chamber.



CONRAD Auranthe?



ALBERT Talk not with eyes, but speak your curses out



Against me, who would sooner crush and grind



A brace of toads, than league with them t’oppress



An innocent lady, gull an Emperor,



More generous to me than autumn sun



To ripening harvests.



AURANTHE No more insult, sir!



ALBERT Ay, clutch your scabbard; but, for prudence’ sake,



Draw not the sword; ’twould make an uproar, Duke,



170 You would not hear the end of. At nightfall



Your lady sister, if I guess aright,



Will leave this busy castle. You had best



Take farewell too of worldly vanities.



CONRAD Vassal!



ALBERT Tomorrow, when the Emperor sends



For loving Conrad, see you fawn on him.



Good even!



AURANTHE You’ll be seen!



ALBERT See the coast clear then.



AURANTHE [as he goes] Remorseless Albert! Cruel, cruel, wretch!



[She lets him out]



CONRAD So, we must lick the dust?



AURANTHE I follow him.



CONRAD How? Where? The plan of your escape?



AURANTHE He waits



180 For me with horses by the forest-side,



Northward.



CONRAD Good, good! he dies. You go, say you?



AURANTHE Perforce.



CONRAD Be speedy, darkness! Till that comes,



Fiends keep you company! [Exit]



AURANTHE And you! And you!



And all men! Vanish! Oh! Oh! Oh!



[Retires to an inner apartment]





Scene 2 An Apartment in the Castle.

[Enter LUDOLPH and Page]



PAGE Still very sick, my Lord; but now I went



[Knowing my duty to so good a Prince;]



And there her women in a mournful throng



Stood in the passage whispering: if any



Moved ’twas with careful steps and hushed as death;



They bade me stop.



LUDOLPHGood fellow, once again



Make soft enquiry; prithee be not stayed



By any hindrance, but with gentlest force



Break through her weeping servants, till thou com’st



10 E’en to her chamber door, and there, fair boy –



If with thy mother’s milk thou hast sucked in



Any diviner eloquence – woo her ears



With plaints for me, more tender than the voice



Of dying Echo, echoed.



PAGE Kindest master!



To know thee sad thus, will unloose my tongue



In mournful syllables. Let but my words reach



Her ears and she shall take them coupled with



Moans from my heart and sighs not counterfeit.



May I speed better! [Exit Page]



LUDOLPHAuranthe! My Life!



20 Long have I loved thee, yet till now not loved:



Remembering, as I do, hard-hearted times



When I had heard even of thy death perhaps,



And thoughtless! suffered thee to pass alone



Into Elysium! Now I follow thee



A substance or a shadow, wheresoe’er



Thou leadest me – whether thy white feet press,



With pleasant weight, the amorous-aching earth



Or through the air thou pioneerest me,



A shade! Yet sadly I predestinate!



30 O unbenignest Love, why wilt thou let



Darkness steal out upon the sleepy world



So wearily, as if night’s chariot wheels



Were clogged in some thick cloud. O, changeful Love,



Let not her steeds with drowsy-footed pace



Pass the high stars, before sweet embassage



Comes from the pillowed beauty of that fair



Completion of all delicate nature’s wit.



Pout her faint lips anew with rubious health,



And with thine infant fingers lift the fringe



40 Of her sick eyelids; that those eyes may glow



With wooing light upon me, ere the morn



Peers with disrelish, grey, barren, and cold.



[Enter GERSA and Courtiers]



Otho calls me his Lion – should I blush



To be so tamed? so –



GERSA Do me the courtesy



Gentlemen to pass on.



COURTIER We are your servants.



[Exeunt Courtiers]



LUDOLPH It seems then, Sir, you have found out the man



You would confer with – me?



GERSA If I break not



Too much upon your thoughtful mood, I will



Claim a brief while your patience.



LUDOLPHFor what cause



50 Soe’er I shall be honoured.



GERSA I not less.



LUDOLPH What may it be? No trifle can take place



Of such deliberate prologue, serious ’haviour.



But be it what it may I cannot fail



To listen with no common interest –



For though so new your presence is to me,



I have a soldier’s friendship for your fame –



Please you explain.



GERSA As thus – for, pardon me,



I cannot in plain terms grossly assault



A noble nature; and would faintly sketch



60 What your quick apprehension will fill up,



So finely I esteem you.



LUDOLPHI attend.



GERSA Your generous father, most illustrious Otho,



Sits in the banquet-room among his chiefs:



His wine is bitter, for you are not there,



His eyes are fixed still on the open doors,



And every passer in he frowns upon,



Seeing no Ludolph comes.



LUDOLPHI do neglect –



GERSA And for your absence, may I guess the cause?



LUDOLPH Stay there! No! Guess? More princely you must be



70 Than to make guesses at me. ’Tis enough.



I’m sorry I can hear no more.



GERSA And I



As grieved to force it on you so abrupt;



Yet, one day, you must know a grief whose sting



Will sharpen more the longer ’tis concealed.



LUDOLPH Say it at once, sir! Dead – dead – is she dead?



GERSA Mine is a cruel task: she is not dead –



And would, for your sake, she were innocent.



LUDOLPH Hungarian! thou amazest me beyond



All scope of thought; convulsest my heart’s blood



80 To deadly churning! – Gersa, you are young



As I am; let me observe you face to face:



Not grey-browed like the poisonous Ethelbert,



No rheumèd eyes, no furrowing of age,



No wrinkles where all vices nestle in



Like crannied vermin – no! but fresh and young



And hopeful featured. Ha! by Heaven you weep



Tears, human tears! Do you repent you then



Of a cursed torturer’s office! Why shouldst join –



Tell me – the league of Devils? Confess – confess



The lie!



90 GERSA Lie! – but begone all ceremonious points



Of honour battailous! I could not turn



My wrath against thee for the orbèd world.



LUDOLPH Your wrath, weak boy? Tremble at mine unless



Retraction follow close upon the heels



Of that late stounding insult. Why has my sword



Not done already a sheer judgement on thee?



Despair, or eat thy words! Why, thou wast nigh



Whimpering away my reason! Harkee, Sir,



It is no secret that Erminia,



100 Erminia, Sir, was hidden in your tent –



O blessed asylum! Comfortable home!



Begone! I pity thee; thou art a gull –



Erminia’s fresh puppet –



GERSA Furious fire!



Thou mak’st me boil as hot as thou canst flame!



And in thy teeth I give thee back the lie!



Thou liest! Thou, Auranthe’s fool! A wittol!



LUDOLPH Look! look at this bright sword;



There is no part of it to the very hilt



But shall indulge itself about thine heart!



110 Draw! but remember thou must cower thy plumes,



As yesterday the Arab made thee stoop.



GERSA Patience! Not here, I would not spill thy blood



Here underneath this roof where Otho breathes,



Thy father – almost mine –



LUDOLPH O faltering coward!



[Re-enter Page]



Stay, stay; here is one I have half a word with –



Well? What ails thee, child?



PAGE My lord…



LUDOLPHWhat wouldst say?



PAGE They are fled!



LUDOLPHThey! Who?



PAGE When anxiously



I hastened back, your grieving messenger,



I found the stairs all dark, the lamps extinct,



120 And not a foot or whisper to be heard.



I thought her dead, and on the lowest step



Sat listening; when presently came by



Two muffled up – one sighing heavily,



The other cursing low, whose voice I knew



For the Duke Conrad’s. Close I followed them



Through the dark ways they chose to the open air;



And, as I followed, heard my lady speak.



LUDOLPH Thy life answer the truth!



PAGE The chamber’s empty!



LUDOLPH As I will be of mercy! So, at last,



130 This nail is in my temples!



GERSA Be calm in this.



LUDOLPH I am.



GERSA And Albert too has disappeared;



Ere I met you, I sought him everywhere;



You would not hearken.



LUDOLPHWhich way went they, boy?



GERSA I’ll hunt with you.



LUDOLPH No, no, no. My senses are



Still whole. I have survived. My arm is strong,



My appetite sharp – for revenge! I’ll no sharer



In my feast; my injury is all my own,



And so is my revenge, my lawful chattels!



Terrier, ferret them out! Burn – burn the witch!



140 Trace me their footsteps! Away! [Exeunt]





ACT V

Scene 1 A Part of the Forest.

[Enter CONRAD and AURANTHE]



AURANTHE Go no further; not a step more. Thou art



A master-plague in the midst of miseries.



Go – I fear thee! I tremble every limb,



Who never shook before. There’s moody death



In thy resolvèd looks! Yes, I could kneel



To pray thee far away. Conrad, go! go! –



There! yonder underneath the boughs I see



Our horses!



CONRAD Aye, and the man.



AURANTHE Yes, he is there!



Go, go – no blood! no blood! Go, gentle Conrad!



10

CONRAD Farewell!



AURANTHE Farewell, for this Heaven pardon you.



[Exit AURANTHE]



CONRAD If he survive one hour, then may I die



In unimagined tortures – or breathe through



A long life in the foulest sink o’ the world!



He dies. ’Tis well she do not advertize



The caitiff of the cold steel at his back. [Exit CONRAD]



[Enter LUDOLPH and Page]



LUDOLPH Missed the way, boy? Say not that on your peril!



PAGE Indeed, indeed I cannot trace them further.



LUDOLPH Must I stop here? Here solitary die?



Stifled beneath the thick oppressive shade



20 Of these dull boughs – this oven of dark thickets –



Silent – without revenge? Pshaw! – bitter end –



A bitter death – a suffocating death –



A gnawing – silent – deadly, quiet death!



Escaped? – Fled? – Vanished? Melted into air?



She’s gone! I cannot clutch her! No revenge!



A muffled death, ensnared in horrid silence!



Sucked to my grave amid a dreary calm!



O, where is that illustrious noise of war,



To smother up this sound of labouring breath,



This rustle of the trees!



[AURANTHE shrieks at a distance]



30 PAGE My Lord, a noise!



This way – hark!



LUDOLPHYes, yes! A hope! A music!



A glorious clamour! Now I live again! [Exeunt]





Scene 2 Another Part of the Forest.

[Enter ALBERT (wounded)]



ALBERT O for enough life to support me on



To Otho’s feet!



[Enter LUDOLPH]



LUDOLPHThrice villainous, stay there!



Tell me where that detested woman is,



Or this is through thee!



ALBERT My good Prince, with me



The sword has done its worst; not without worst



Done to another – Conrad has it home!



I see you know it all!



LUDOLPHWhere is his sister?



[AURANTHE rushes in]



AURANTHE Albert!



LUDOLPH Ha! There! there! – He is the paramour! –



There – hug him – dying! O, thou innocence,



10 Shrive him and comfort him at his last gasp,



Kiss down his eyelids! Was he not thy love?



Wilt thou forsake him at his latest hour?



Keep fearful and aloof from his last gaze,



His most uneasy moments, when cold death



Stands with the door ajar to let him in?



ALBERT O, that that door with hollow slam would close



Upon me sudden, for I cannot meet,



In all the unknown chambers of the dead,



ucorrors



LUDOLPH Auranthe! what can he mean?



20 What horrors? Is it not a joyous time?



Am I not married to a paragon



‘Of personal beauty and untainted soul?’



A blushing fair-eyed purity! A sylph,



Whose snowy timid hand has never sinned



Beyond a flower plucked, white as itself?



Albert, you do insult my bride – your mistress –



To talk of horrors on our wedding night.



ALBERT Alas! poor Prince, I would you knew my heart!



’Tis not so guilty –



LUDOLPHHear, he pleads not guilty!



30 You are not? or, if so, what matters it?



You have escaped me, free as the dusk air,



Hid in the forest – safe from my revenge.



I cannot catch you! You should laugh at me,



Poor cheated Ludolph! Make the forest hiss



With jeers at me! You tremble – faint at once,



You will come to again. O cockatrice,



I have you! Whither wander those fair eyes



To entice the Devil to your help, that he



May change you to a spider, so to crawl



40 Into some cranny to escape my wrath?



ALBERT Sometimes the counsel of a dying man



Doth operate quietly when his breath is gone:



Disjoin those hands – part – part, do not destroy



Each other – forget her! Our miseries



Are equal shared, and mercy is –



[ALBERT dies]



There goes a spotted soul



LUDOLPHA boon



When one can compass it. Auranthe, try



Your oratory; your breath is not so hitched –



Ay, stare for help –



Howling in vain along the hollow night!



50 Hear him! He calls you – sweet Auranthe, come!



AURANTHE Kill me!



LUDOLPHNo! What? Upon our marriage-night?



The earth would shudder at so foul a deed –



A fair bride! A sweet bride! An innocent bride!



No, we must revel it, as ’tis in use



In times of delicate brilliant ceremony:



Come, let me lead you to our halls again!



Nay, linger not – make no resistance, sweet –



Will you? – Ah wretch, thou canst not, for I have



The strength of twenty lions ’gainst a lamb!



60 Now – one adieu for Albert! – Come away! [Exeunt]





Scene 3 An inner Court of the Castle.

[Enter SIGIFRED, GONFRID, and THEODORE meeting]



THEODORE Was ever such a night?



SIGIFREDWhat horrors more?



Things unbelieved one hour, so strange they are,



The next hour stamps with credit.



THEODORE Your last news?



GONFRID After the page’s story of the death



Of Albert and Duke Conrad?



SIGIFREDAnd the return



Of Ludolph with the Princess.



GONFRIDNo more, save



Prince Gersa’s freeing Abbot Ethelbert,



And the sweet lady, fair Erminia,



From prison.



THEODORE Where are they now? Hast yet heard?



10 GONFRID With the sad Emperor they are closeted;



I saw the three pass slowly up the stairs,



The lady weeping, the old Abbot cowled.



SIGIFRED What next?



THEODORE I ache to think on’t.



GONFRID ’Tis with fate.



THEODORE One while these proud towers are hushed as death.



GONFRID The next our poor Prince fills the arched rooms



With ghastly ravings.



SIGIFREDI do fear his brain.



[Exeunt into the Castle.]



GONFRID I will see more. Bear you so stout a heart?





Scene 4 A Cabinet, opening towards a Terrace.

[OTHO, ERMINIA, ETHELBERT, and a Physician, discovered]



OTHO O, my poor boy! My son! My son! My Ludolph!



Have ye no comfort for me, ye physicians



Of the weak body and soul?



ETHELBERT ’Tis not in medicine



Either of heaven or earth can cure, unless



Fit time be chosen to administer.



OTHO A kind forbearance, holy Abbot – come



Erminia; here, sit by me, gentle girl;



Give me thy hand – hast thou forgiven me?



ERMINIA Would I were with the saints to pray for you!



10

OTHO Why will ye keep me from my darling child?



PHYSICIAN Forgive me, but he must not see thy face.



OTHO Is then a father’s countenance a Gorgon?



Hath it not comfort in it? Would it not



Console my poor boy, cheer him, heal his spirits?



Let me embrace him, let me speak to him;



I will! Who hinders me? Who’s Emperor?



PHYSICIAN You may not, Sire; ’twould overwhelm him quite,



He is so full of grief and passionate wrath;



Too heavy a sigh would kill him or do worse.



20 He must be saved by fine contrivances,



And most especially we must keep clear



Out of his sight a father whom he loves;



His heart is full, it can contain no more,



And do its ruddy office.



ETHELBERT Sage advice;



We must endeavour how to ease and slacken



The tight-wound energies of his despair,



Not make them tenser.



OTHO Enough! I hear, I hear.



Yet you were about to advise more – I listen.



ETHELBERT This learned doctor will agree with me,



30 That not in the smallest point should he be thwarted,



Or gainsaid by one word; his very motions,



Nods, becks and hints, should be obeyed with care,



Even on the moment: so his troubled mind



May cure itself.



PHYSICIAN There are no other means.



OTHO Open the door: let’s hear if all is quiet.



PHYSICIAN Beseech you, Sire, forbear.



ERMINIADo, do.



OTHO I command!



Open it straight – hush! – quiet! – my lost boy!



My miserable child!



LUDOLPH [indistinctly without] Fill fill my goblet – here’s a health!



40

ERMINIA O, close the door!



OTHO Let, let me hear his voice; this cannot last –



And fain would I catch up his dying words



Though my own knell they be – this cannot last –



O let me catch his voice – for lo! I hear



A whisper in this silence that he’s dead!



It is so! Gersa?



[Enter GERSA]



PHYSICIAN Say, how fares the prince?



GERSA More calm – his features are less wild and flushed;



Once he complained of weariness.



PHYSICIAN Indeed!



’Tis good – ’tis good; let him but fall asleep,



That saves him.



50 OTHO Gersa, watch him like a child;



Ward him from harm – and bring me better news!



PHYSICIAN Humour him to the height. I fear to go;



For should he catch a glimpse of my dull garb,



It might affright him, fill him with suspicion



That we believe him sick, which must not be.



GERSA I will invent what soothing means I can.



[Exit GERSA]



PHYSICIAN This should cheer up your Highness; the weariness



Is a good symptom, and most favourable;



It gives me pleasant hopes. Please you, walk forth



60 Upon the terrace; the refreshing air



Will blow one half of your sad doubts away. [Exeunt]





Scene 5 A Banqueting Hall, brilliantly illuminated, and set forth with all costly magnificence, with supper-tables, laden with services of gold and silver. A door in the back scene, guarded by two Soldiers. Lords, Ladies, Knights, Gentlemen, etc., whispering sadly, and ranging themselves; part entering and part discovered.



FIRST KNIGHT Grievously are we tantalized, one and all;



Swayed here and there, commanded to and fro



As though we were the shadows of a sleep,



And linked to a dreaming fancy. What do we here?



GONFRID I am no seer; you know we must obey



The Prince from A to Z, though it should be



To set the place in flames. I pray hast heard



Where the most wicked Princess is?



FIRST KNIGHTThere, sir,



In the next room. Have you remarked those two



10 Stout soldiers posted at the door?



GONFRIDFor what? [They whisper]



FIRST LADY How ghast a train!



SECOND LADY Sure this should be some splendid burial.



FIRST LADY What fearful whispering! See, see – Gersa there!



[Enter GERSA]



GERSA Put on your brightest looks; smile if you can;



Behave as all were happy; keep your eyes



From the least watch upon him; if he speaks



To any one, answer collectedly,



Without surprise, his questions, howe’er strange.



Do this to the utmost – though, alas! with me



20 The remedy grows hopeless! Here he comes –



Observe what I have said – show no surprise.



[Enter LUDOLPH, followed by SIGIFRED and Page]



LUDOLPH A splendid company! rare beauties here!



I should have Orphean lips, and Plato’s fancy,



Amphion’s utterance, tonèd with his lyre,



Or the deep key of Jove’s sonorous mouth,



To give fit salutation. Methought I heard,



As I came in, some whispers – what of that?



’Tis natural men should whisper; at the kiss



Of Psyche given by Love, there was a buzz



30 Among the gods! – and silence is as natural.



These draperies are fine, and, being a mortal,



I should desire no better; yet, in truth,



There must be some superior costliness,



Some wider-domèd high magnificence!



I would have, as a mortal I may not,



Hangings of heaven’s clouds, purple and gold,



Slung from the spheres; gauzes of silver mist,



Looped up with cords of twisted wreathèd light,



And tasselled round with weeping meteors!



40 These pendent lamps and chandeliers are bright



As earthly fires from dull dross can be cleansed;



Yet could my eyes drink up intenser beams



Undazzled – this is darkness. When I close



These lids, I see far fiercer brilliances –



Skies full of splendid moons, and shooting stars,



And spouting exhalations, diamond fires,



And panting fountains quivering with deep glows!



Yes – this is dark – is it not dark?



SIGIFREDMy Lord,



’Tis late; the lights of festival are ever



50 Quenched in the morn.



LUDOLPH ’Tis not tomorrow then?



SIGIFRED ’Tis early dawn.



GERSA Indeed full time we slept;



Say you so, Prince?



LUDOLPH I say I quarrelled with you;



We did not tilt each other – that’s a blessing,



Good gods! No innocent blood upon my head!



SIGIFRED Retire, Gersa



LUDOLPHThere should be three more here:



For two of them, they stay away perhaps,



Being gloomy-minded, haters of fair revels –



They know their own thoughts best. As for the third,



We’ll have her presently; ay, you shall see her,



60 And wonder at her, friends, she is so fair;



Deep blue eyes, semi-shaded in white lids,



Finished with lashes fine for more soft shade,



Completed by her twin-arched ebon brows;



White temples of exactest elegance,



Of even mould felicitous and smooth;



Cheeks fashioned tenderly on either side,



So perfect, so divine that our poor eyes



Are dazzled with the sweet proportioning,



And wonder that ’tis so – the magic chance!



70 Her nostrils, small, fragrant, faery-delicate;



Her lips – I swear no human bones e’er wore



So taking a disguise – you shall behold her!



She is the world’s chief jewel, and by heaven



She’s mine by right of marriage! – she is mine!



Patience, good people, in fit time I send



A summoner. She will obey my call,



Being a wife most mild and dutiful.



First I would hear what music is prepared



80 To herald and receive her – let me hear!



[A soft strain of music]



SIGIFRED Bid the musicians soothe him tenderly.



LUDOLPH Ye have none better? No – I am content;



’Tis a rich sobbing melody, with reliefs



Full and majestic; it is well enough,



And will be sweeter, when ye see her pace



Sweeping into this presence, glistened o’er



With emptied caskets, and her train upheld



By ladies, habited in robes of lawn,



Sprinkled with golden crescents, others bright



90 In silks, with spangles showered, and bow’d to



By Duchesses and pearlèd Margravines!



Sad, that the fairest creature of the earth –



I pray you mind me not – ’tis sad, I say,



That the extremest beauty of the world



Should so entrench herself away from me,



Behind a barrier of engendered guilt!



SECOND LADY Ah! what a moan!



FIRST KNIGHT Most piteous indeed!



LUDOLPH She shall be brought before this company,



And then – then –



FIRST LADY He muses.



GERSA O, Fortune, where will this end?



100 SIGIFRED I guess his purpose! Indeed he must not have



That pestilence brought in – that cannot be,



There we must stop him.



GERSA I am lost! Hush, hush!



He is about to rave again.



LUDOLPH A barrier of guilt! I was the fool,



She was the cheater! Who’s the cheater now,



And who the fool? The entrapped, the cagèd fool,



The bird-limed raven? She shall croak to death



Secure! Methinks I have her in my fist,



To crush her with my heel! Wait, wait! I marvel



110 My father keeps away. Good friend – ah! Sigifred!



Do bring him to me – and Erminia



I fain would see before I sleep – and Ethelbert,



That he may bless me, as I know he will



Though I have cursed him.



SIGIFRED Rather suffer me



To lead you to them.



[Exit SIGIFRED]



LUDOLPHNo, excuse me, no!



The day is not quite done. Go bring them hither.



Certes, a father’s smile should, like sunlight,



Slant on my sheavèd harvest of ripe bliss.



Besides, I thirst to pledge my lovely bride



120 In a deep goblet: let me see – what wine?



The strong Iberian juice, or mellow Greek?



Or pale Calabrian? Or the Tuscan grape?



Or of old Aetna’s pulpy wine presses,



Black stained with the fat vintage, as it were



The purple slaughter-house, where Bacchus’ self



Pricked his own swollen veins? Where is my Page?



PAGE Here, here!



LUDOLPH Be ready to obey me; anon thou shalt



Bear a soft message for me; for the hour



130 Draws near when I must make a winding up



Of bridal mysteries – a fine-spun vengeance!



Carve it on my tomb, that when I rest beneath,



Men shall confess – This Prince was gulled and cheated,



But from the ashes of disgrace he rose



More than a fiery dragon, and did burn



His ignominy up in purging fires!



Did I not send, sir, but a moment past,



For my father?



GERSA You did.



LUDOLPH Perhaps ’twould be



Much better he came not.



[Enter OTHO, ERMINIA, ETHELBERT, SIGIFRED, and Physician]



GERSA He enters now!



140 LUDOLPH O thou good man, against whose sacred head



I was a mad conspirator, chiefly too



For the sake of my fair newly wedded wife,



Now to be punished – do not look so sad!



Those charitable eyes will thaw my heart,



Those tears will wash away a just resolve,



A verdict ten times sworn! Awake – awake –



Put on a judge’s brow, and use a tongue



Made iron-stern by habit! Thou shalt see



A deed to be applauded, ’scribed in gold!



150 Join a loud voice to mine, and so denounce



What I alone will execute!



OTHO Dear son,



What is it? By your father’s love, I sue



That it be nothing merciless!



LUDOLPHTo that demon?



Not so! No! She is in temple-stall



Being garnished for the sacrifice, and I,



The Priest of Justice, will immolate her



Upon the altar of wrath! She stings me through! –



Even as the worm doth feed upon the nut,



So she, a scorpion, preys upon my brain!



160 I feel her gnawing here! Let her but vanish,



Then, father, I will lead your legions forth,



Compact in steelèd squares, and spearèd files



And bid our trumpets speak a fell rebuke



To nations drowsed in peace!



OTHO Tomorrow, son,



Be your word law; forget today –



LUDOLPHI will



When I have finished it! Now, now I’m pight,



Tight-footed for the deed!



ERMINIA Alas! Alas!



LUDOLPH What angel’s voice is that? Erminia!



Ah! gentlest creature, whose sweet innocence



170 Was almost murdered; I am penitent,



Wilt thou forgive me? And thou, holy man,



Good Ethelbert, shall I die in peace with you?



ERMINIA Die, my lord!



LUDOLPHI feel it possible.



OTHO Physician?



PHYSICIAN I fear me he is past my skill.



OTHO Not so!



LUDOLPH I see it – I see it – I have been wandering!



Half-mad – not right here – I forget my purpose.



Bestir – bestir – Auranthe! Ha! ha! ha!



Youngster! Page! go bid them drag her to me!



Obey! This shall finish it! [Draws a dagger]



OTHO O my son! my son!



180

SIGIFRED This must not be – stop there!



[Exit Page]



LUDOLPHAm I obeyed?



A little talk with her – no harm – haste! haste!



Set her before me – never fear I can strike.



SEVERAL VOICES My Lord! My Lord!



GERSA Good Prince!



[The doors open. Enter Page. Several women are seen grouped about AURANTHE in the inner room]



LUDOLPH Why do ye trouble me? Out – out away!



There she is! take that! and that! no, no –



That’s not well done. Where is she?



PAGE Alas! My Lord, my Lord! they cannot move her!



Her arms are stiff – her fingers clenched and cold!



LUDOLPH She’s dead! [Staggers and falls into their arms]



ETHELBERT Take away the dagger.



GERSA Softly; so!



190

OTHO Thank God for that!



SIGIFREDIt could not harm him now.



GERSA No! – brief be his anguish!



LUDOLPH She’s gone – I am content – Nobles, good night!



Where is your hand, father? – what sultry air!



We are all weary – faint – set ope the doors –



I will to bed! – Tomorrow – [Dies]



[The curtain falls]





Lamia


PART I



Upon a time, before the faery broods



Drove Nymph and Satyr from the prosperous woods,



Before King Oberon’s bright diadem,



Sceptre, and mantle, clasped with dewy gem,



Frighted away the Dryads and the Fauns



From rushes green, and brakes, and cowslipped lawns,



The ever-smitten Hermes empty left



His golden throne, bent warm on amorous theft:



From high Olympus had he stolen light,



10

On this side of Jove’s clouds, to escape the sight



Of his great summoner, and made retreat



Into a forest on the shores of Crete.



For somewhere in that sacred island dwelt



A nymph, to whom all hoofed Satyrs knelt,



At whose white feet the languid Tritons poured



Pearls, while on land they withered and adored.



Fast by the springs where she to bathe was wont,



And in those meads where sometime she might haunt,



Were strewn rich gifts, unknown to any Muse,



20

Though Fancy’s casket were unlocked to choose.



Ah, what a world of love was at her feet!



So Hermes thought, and a celestial heat



Burnt from his wingèd heels to either ear,



That from a whiteness, as the lily clear,



Blushed into roses ’mid his golden hair,



Fallen in jealous curls about his shoulders bare.



From vale to vale, from wood to wood, he flew,



Breathing upon the flowers his passion new,



And wound with many a river to its head



30

To find where this sweet nymph prepared her secret bed.



In vain; the sweet nymph might nowhere be found,



And so he rested, on the lonely ground,



Pensive, and full of painful jealousies



Of the Wood-Gods, and even the very trees.



There as he stood, he heard a mournful voice,



Such as, once heard, in gentle heart destroys



All pain but pity; thus the lone voice spake:



‘When from this wreathèd tomb shall I awake!



When move in a sweet body fit for life,



40

And love, and pleasure, and the ruddy strife



Of hearts and lips! Ah, miserable me!’



The God, dove-footed, glided silently



Round bush and tree, soft-brushing, in his speed,



The taller grasses and full-flowering weed,



Until he found a palpitating snake,



Bright, and cirque-couchant in a dusky brake.



She was a gordian shape of dazzling hue,



Vermilion-spotted, golden, green, and blue;



Striped like a zebra, freckled like a pard,



50

Eyed like a peacock, and all crimson barred;



And full of silver moons, that, as she breathed,



Dissolved, or brighter shone, or interwreathed



Their lustres with the gloomier tapestries –



So rainbow-sided, touched with miseries,



She seemed, at once, some penanced lady elf,



Some demon’s mistress, or the demon’s self.



Upon her crest she wore a wannish fire



Sprinkled with stars, like Ariadne’s tiar;



Her head was serpent, but ah, bitter-sweet!



60

She had a woman’s mouth with all its pearls complete;



And for her eyes – what could such eyes do there



But weep, and weep, that they were born so fair,



As Proserpine still weeps for her Sicilian air?



Her throat was serpent, but the words she spake



Came, as through bubbling honey, for Love’s sake,



And thus – while Hermes on his pinions lay,



Like a stooped falcon ere he takes his prey –



‘Fair Hermes, crowned with feathers, fluttering light,



I had a splendid dream of thee last night:



70

I saw thee sitting, on a throne of gold,



Among the Gods, upon Olympus old,



The only sad one; for thou didst not hear



The soft, lute-fingered Muses chanting clear,



Nor even Apollo when he sang alone,



Deaf to his throbbing throat’s long, long melodious moan.



I dreamt I saw thee, robed in purple flakes,



Break amorous through the clouds, as morning breaks,



And, swiftly as a bright Phoebean dart,



Strike for the Cretan isle; and here thou art!



80

Too gentle Hermes, hast thou found the maid?’



Whereat the star of Lethe not delayed



His rosy eloquence, and thus inquired:



‘Thou smooth-lipped serpent, surely high inspired!



Thou beauteous wreath, with melancholy eyes,



Possess whatever bliss thou canst devise,



Telling me only where my nymph is fled –



Where she doth breathe!’ ‘Bright planet, thou hast said,’



Returned the snake, ‘but seal with oaths, fair God!’



‘I swear,’ said Hermes, ‘by my serpent rod,



90

And by thine eyes, and by thy starry crown!’



Light flew his earnest words, among the blossoms blown.



Then thus again the brilliance feminine:



‘Too frail of heart! for this lost nymph of thine,



Free as the air, invisibly, she strays



About these thornless wilds; her pleasant days



She tastes unseen; unseen her nimble feet



Leave traces in the grass and flowers sweet;



From weary tendrils, and bowed branches green,



She plucks the fruit unseen, she bathes unseen;



100

And by my power is her beauty veiled



To keep it unaffronted, unassailed



By the love-glances of unlovely eyes



Of Satyrs, Fauns, and bleared Silenus’ sighs.



Pale grew her immortality, for woe



Of all these lovers, and she grieved so



I took compassion on her, bade her steep



Her hair in weïrd syrops, that would keep



Her loveliness invisible, yet free



To wander as she loves, in liberty.



110

Thou shalt behold her, Hermes, thou alone,



If thou wilt, as thou swearest, grant my boon!’



Then, once again, the charmed God began



An oath, and through the serpent’s ears it ran



Warm, tremulous, devout, psalterian.



Ravished, she lifted her Circean head,



Blushed a live damask, and swift-lisping said,



‘I was a woman, let me have once more



A woman’s shape, and charming as before.



I love a youth of Corinth – O the bliss!



120

Give me my woman’s form, and place me where he is.



Stoop, Hermes, let me breathe upon thy brow,



And thou shalt see thy sweet nymph even now.’



The God on half-shut feathers sank serene,



She breathed upon his eyes, and swift was seen



Of both the guarded nymph near-smiling on the green.



It was no dream; or say a dream it was,



Real are the dreams of Gods, and smoothly pass



Their pleasures in a long immortal dream.



One warm, flushed moment, hovering, it might seem



130

Dashed by the wood-nymph’s beauty, so he burned;



Then, lighting on the printless verdure, turned



To the swooned serpent, and with languid arm,



Delicate, put to proof the lithe Caducean charm.



So done, upon the nymph his eyes he bent



Full of adoring tears and blandishment,



And towards her stepped: she, like a moon in wane,



Faded before him, cowered, nor could restrain



Her fearful sobs, self-folding like a flower



That faints into itself at evening hour:



140

But the God fostering her chillèd hand,



She felt the warmth, her eyelids opened bland,



And, like new flowers at morning song of bees,



Bloomed, and gave up her honey to the lees.



Into the green-recessèd woods they flew;



Nor grew they pale, as mortal lovers do.



Left to herself, the serpent now began



To change; her elfin blood in madness ran,



Her mouth foamed, and the grass, therewith besprent,



Withered at dew so sweet and virulent;



150

Her eyes in torture fixed, and anguish drear,



Hot, glazed, and wide, with lid-lashes all sear,



Flashed phosphor and sharp sparks, without one cooling tear.



The colours all inflamed throughout her train,



She writhed about, convulsed with scarlet pain:



A deep volcanian yellow took the place



Of all her milder-moonèd body’s grace;



And, as the lava ravishes the mead,



Spoilt all her silver mail, and golden brede;



Made gloom of all her frecklings, streaks and bars,



160

Eclipsed her crescents, and licked up her stars.



So that, in moments few, she was undressed



Of all her sapphires, greens, and amethyst,



And rubious-argent; of all these bereft,



Nothing but pain and ugliness were left.



Still shone her crown; that vanished, also she



Melted and disappeared as suddenly;



And in the air, her new voice luting soft,



Cried, ‘Lycius! gentle Lycius!’ – Borne aloft



With the bright mists about the mountains hoar



170

These words dissolved: Crete’s forests heard no more.



Whither fled Lamia, now a lady bright,



A full-born beauty new and exquisite?



She fled into that valley they pass o’er



Who go to Corinth from Cenchreas’ shore;



And rested at the foot of those wild hills,



The rugged founts of the Peræan rills,



And of that other ridge whose barren back



Stretches, with all its mist and cloudy rack,



South-westward to Cleone. There she stood



180

About a young bird’s flutter from a wood,



Fair, on a sloping green of mossy tread,



By a clear pool, wherein she passionèd



To see herself escaped from so sore ills,



While her robes flaunted with the daffodils.



Ah, happy Lycius! – for she was a maid



More beautiful than ever twisted braid,



Or sighed, or blushed, or on spring-flowered lea



Spread a green kirtle to the minstrelsy:



A virgin purest lipped, yet in the lore



190

Of love deep learnèd to the red heart’s core;



Not one hour old, yet of sciential brain



To unperplex bliss from its neighbour pain,



Define their pettish limits, and estrange



Their points of contact, and swift counterchange;



Intrigue with the specious chaos, and dispart



Its most ambiguous atoms with sure art;



As though in Cupid’s college she had spent



Sweet days a lovely graduate, still unshent,



And kept his rosy terms in idle languishment.



200

Why this fair creature chose so faerily



By the wayside to linger, we shall see;



But first ’tis fit to tell how she could muse



And dream, when in the serpent prison-house,



Of all she list, strange or magnificent:



How, ever, where she willed, her spirit went;



Whether to faint Elysium, or where



Down through tress-lifting waves the Nereids fair



Wind into Thetis’ bower by many a pearly stair;



Or where God Bacchus drains his cups divine,



210

Stretched out, at ease, beneath a glutinous pine;



Or where in Pluto’s gardens palatine



Mulciber’s columns gleam in far piazzian line.



And sometimes into cities she would send



Her dream, with feast and rioting to blend;



And once, while among mortals dreaming thus,



She saw the young Corinthian Lycius



Charioting foremost in the envious race,



Like a young Jove with calm uneager face,



And fell into a swooning love of him.



220

Now on the moth-time of that evening dim



He would return that way, as well she knew,



To Corinth from the shore; for freshly blew



The eastern soft wind, and his galley now



Grated the quaystones with her brazen prow



In port Cenchreas, from Egina isle



Fresh anchored; whither he had been awhile



To sacrifice to Jove, whose temple there



Waits with high marble doors for blood and incense rare.



Jove heard his vows, and bettered his desire;



230

For by some freakful chance he made retire



From his companions, and set forth to walk,



Perhaps grown wearied of their Corinth talk:



Over the solitary hills he fared,



Thoughtless at first, but ere eve’s star appeared



His fantasy was lost, where reason fades,



In the calmed twilight of Platonic shades.



Lamia beheld him coming, near, more near –



Close to her passing, in indifference drear,



His silent sandals swept the mossy green;



240

So neighboured to him, and yet so unseen



She stood: he passed, shut up in mysteries,



His mind wrapped like his mantle, while her eyes



Followed his steps, and her neck regal white



Turned – syllabling thus, ‘Ah, Lycius bright,



And will you leave me on the hills alone?



Lycius, look back! and be some pity shown.’



He did – not with cold wonder fearingly,



But Orpheus-like at an Eurydice –



For so delicious were the words she sung,



250

It seemed he had loved them a whole summer long.



And soon his eyes had drunk her beauty up,



Leaving no drop in the bewildering cup,



And still the cup was full – while he, afraid



Lest she should vanish ere his lip had paid



Due adoration, thus began to adore



(Her soft look growing coy, she saw his chain so sure):



‘Leave thee alone! Look back! Ah, Goddess, see



Whether my eyes can ever turn from thee!



For pity do not this sad heart belie –



260

Even as thou vanisheth so I shall die.



Stay! though a Naiad of the rivers, stay!



To thy far wishes will thy streams obey.



Stay! though the greenest woods be thy domain,



Alone they can drink up the morning rain:



Though a descended Pleiad, will not one



Of thine harmonious sisters keep in tune



Thy spheres, and as thy silver proxy shine



So sweetly to these ravished ears of mine



Came thy sweet greeting, that if thou shouldst fade



270

Thy memory will waste me to a shade –



For pity do not melt!’ – ‘If I should stay,’



Said Lamia, ‘here, upon this floor of clay,



And pain my steps upon these flowers too rough,



What canst thou say or do of charm enough



To dull the nice remembrance of my home?



Thou canst not ask me with thee here to roam



Over these hills and vales, where no joy is –



Empty of immortality and bliss!



Thou art a scholar, Lycius, and must know



280

That finer spirits cannot breathe below



In human climes, and live. Alas! poor youth,



What taste of purer air hast thou to soothe



My essence? What serener palaces,



Where I may all my many senses please,



And by mysterious sleights a hundred thirsts appease?



It cannot be – Adieu!’ So said, she rose



Tip-toe with white arms spread. He, sick to lose



The amorous promise of her lone complain,



Swooned, murmuring of love, and pale with pain.



290

The cruel lady, without any show



Of sorrow for her tender favourite’s woe,



But rather, if her eyes could brighter be,



With brighter eyes and slow amenity,



Put her new lips to his, and gave afresh



The life she had so tangled in her mesh;



And as he from one trance was wakening



Into another, she began to sing,



Happy in beauty, life, and love, and every thing,



A song of love, too sweet for earthly lyres,



300

While, like held breath, the stars drew in their panting fires.



And then she whispered in such trembling tone,



As those who, safe together met alone



For the first time through many anguished days,



Use other speech than looks; bidding him raise



His drooping head, and clear his soul of doubt,



For that she was a woman, and without



Any more subtle fluid in her veins



Than throbbing blood, and that the self-same pains



Inhabited her frail-strung heart as his.



310

And next she wondered how his eyes could miss



Her face so long in Corinth, where, she said,



She dwelt but half retired, and there had led



Days happy as the gold coin could invent



Without the aid of love; yet in content



Till she saw him, as once she passed him by,



Where ’gainst a column he leant thoughtfully



At Venus’ temple porch, ’mid baskets heaped



Of amorous herbs and flowers, newly reaped



Late on that eve, as ’twas the night before



320

The Adonian feast; whereof she saw no more,



But wept alone those days, for why should she adore?



Lycius from death awoke into amaze,



To see her still, and singing so sweet lays;



Then from amaze into delight he fell



To hear her whisper woman’s lore so well;



And every word she spake enticed him on



To unperplexed delight and pleasure known.



Let the mad poets say whate’er they please



Of the sweets of Faeries, Peris, Goddesses,



330

There is not such a treat among them all,



Haunters of cavern, lake, and waterfall,



As a real woman, lineal indeed



From Pyrrha’s pebbles or old Adam’s seed.



Thus gentle Lamia judged, and judged aright,



That Lycius could not love in half a fright,



So threw the goddess off, and won his heart



More pleasantly by playing woman’s part,



With no more awe than what her beauty gave,



That, while it smote, still guaranteed to save.



340

Lycius to all made eloquent reply,



Marrying to every word a twinborn sigh;



And last, pointing to Corinth, asked her sweet,



If ’twas too far that night for her soft feet.



The way was short, for Lamia’s eagerness



Made, by a spell, the triple league decrease



To a few paces; not at all surmised



By blinded Lycius, so in her comprised.



They passed the city gates, he knew not how,



So noiseless, and he never thought to know.



350

As men talk in a dream, so Corinth all,



Throughout her palaces imperial,



And all her populous streets and temples lewd,



Muttered, like tempest in the distance brewed,



To the wide-spreaded night above her towers.



Men, women, rich and poor, in the cool hours,



Shuffled their sandals o’er the pavement white,



Companioned or alone; while many a light



Flared, here and there, from wealthy festivals,



And threw their moving shadows on the walls,



360

Or found them clustered in the corniced shade



Of some arched temple door, or dusky colonnade.



Muffling his face, of greeting friends in fear,



Her fingers he pressed hard, as one came near



With curled grey beard, sharp eyes, and smooth bald crown,



Slow-stepped, and robed in philosophic gown:



Lycius shrank closer, as they met and passed,



Into his mantle, adding wings to haste,



While hurried Lamia trembled: ‘Ah,’ said he,



‘Why do you shudder, love, so ruefully?



370

Why does your tender palm dissolve in dew?’ –



‘I’m wearied,’ said fair Lamia, ‘tell me who



Is that old man? I cannot bring to mind



His features – Lycius! wherefore did you blind



Yourself from his quick eyes?’ Lycius replied,



‘’Tis Apollonius sage, my trusty guide



And good instructor; but tonight he seems



The ghost of folly haunting my sweet dreams.’



While yet he spake they had arrived before



A pillared porch, with lofty portal door,



380

Where hung a silver lamp, whose phosphor glow



Reflected in the slabbèd steps below,



Mild as a star in water; for so new,



And so unsullied was the marble hue,



So through the crystal polish, liquid fine,



Ran the dark veins, that none but feet divine



Could e’er have touched there. Sounds Aeolian



Breathed from the hinges, as the ample span



Of the wide doors disclosed a place unknown



Some time to any, but those two alone,



390

And a few Persian mutes, who that same year



Were seen about the markets: none knew where



They could inhabit; the most curious



Were foiled, who watched to trace them to their house.



And but the flitter-wingèd verse must tell,



For truth’s sake, what woe afterwards befell,



‘Twould humour many a heart to leave them thus,



Shut from the busy world, of more incredulous.



PART II



Love in a hut, with water and a crust,



Is – Love, forgive us! – cinder, ashes, dust;



Love in a palace is perhaps at last



More grievous torment than a hermit’s fast.



That is a doubtful tale from faery land,



Hard for the non-elect to understand.



Had Lycius lived to hand his story down,



He might have given the moral a fresh frown,



Or clenched it quite: but too short was their bliss



10

To breed distrust and hate, that make the soft voice hiss.



Besides, there, nightly, with terrific glare,



Love, jealous grown of so complete a pair,



Hovered and buzzed his wings, with fearful roar,



Above the lintel of their chamber door,



And down the passage cast a glow upon the floor.



For all this came a ruin: side by side



They were enthronèd, in the eventide,



Upon a couch, near to a curtaining



Whose airy texture, from a golden string,



20

Floated into the room, and let appear



Unveiled the summer heaven, blue and clear,



Betwixt two marble shafts. There they reposed,



Where use had made it sweet, with eyelids closed,



Saving a tithe which love still open kept,



That they might see each other while they almost slept;



When from the slope side of a suburb hill,



Deafening the swallow’s twitter, came a thrill



Of trumpets – Lycius started – the sounds fled,



But left a thought, a buzzing in his head.



30

For the first time, since first he harboured in



That purple-linèd palace of sweet sin,



His spirit passed beyond its golden bourne



Into the noisy world almost forsworn.



The lady, ever watchful, penetrant,



Saw this with pain, so arguing a want



Of something more, more than her empery



Of joys; and she began to moan and sigh



Because he mused beyond her, knowing well



That but a moment’s thought is passion’s passing-bell.



40

‘Why do you sigh, fair creature?’ whispered he:



‘Why do you think?’ returned she tenderly,



‘You have deserted me – where am I now?



Not in your heart while care weighs on your brow:



No, no, you have dismissed me; and I go



From your breast houseless – ay, it must be so.’



He answered, bending to her open eyes,



Where he was mirrored small in paradise,



‘My silver planet, both of eve and morn!



Why will you plead yourself so sad forlorn,



50

While I am striving how to fill my heart



With deeper crimson, and a double smart?



How to entangle, trammel up and snare



Your soul in mine, and labyrinth you there



Like the hid scent in an unbudded rose?



Ay, a sweet kiss – you see your mighty woes.



My thoughts! shall I unveil them? Listen then!



What mortal hath a prize, that other men



May be confounded and abashed withal,



But lets it sometimes pace abroad majestical,



60

And triumph, as in thee I should rejoice



Amid the hoarse alarm of Corinth’s voice.



Let my foes choke, and my friends shout afar,



While through the throngèd streets your bridal car



Wheels round its dazzling spokes.’ – The lady’s cheek



Trembled; she nothing said, but, pale and meek,



Arose and knelt before him, wept a rain



Of sorrows at his words; at last with pain



Beseeching him, the while his hand she wrung,



To change his purpose. He thereat was stung,



70

Perverse, with stronger fancy to reclaim



Her wild and timid nature to his aim:



Besides, for all his love, in self-despite,



Against his better self, he took delight



Luxurious in her sorrows, soft and new.



His passion, cruel grown, took on a hue



Fierce and sanguineous as ’twas possible



In one whose brow had no dark veins to swell.



Fine was the mitigated fury, like



Apollo’s presence when in act to strike



80

The serpent – Ha, the serpent! Certes, she



Was none. She burnt, she loved the tyranny,



And, all subdued, consented to the hour



When to the bridal he should lead his paramour.



Whispering in midnight silence, said the youth,



‘Sure some sweet name thou hast, though, by my truth,



I have not asked it, ever thinking thee



Not mortal, but of heavenly progeny,



As still I do. Hast any mortal name,



Fit appellation for this dazzling frame?



90

Or friends or kinsfolk on the citied earth,



To share our marriage feast and nuptial mirth?’



‘I have no friends,’ said Lamia, ‘no, not one;



My presence in wide Corinth hardly known:



My parents’ bones are in their dusty urns



Sepulchred, where no kindled incense burns,



Seeing all their luckless race are dead, save me,



And I neglect the holy rite for thee.



Even as you list invite your many guests;



But if, as now it seems, your vision rests



100

With any pleasure on me, do not bid



Old Apollonius – from him keep me hid.’



Lycius, perplexed at words so blind and blank,



Made close inquiry; from whose touch she shrank,



Feigning a sleep; and he to the dull shade



Of deep sleep in a moment was betrayed.



It was the custom then to bring away



The bride from home at blushing shut of day,



Veiled, in a chariot, heralded along



By strewn flowers, torches, and a marriage song,



110

With other pageants: but this fair unknown



Had not a friend. So being left alone,



(Lycius was gone to summon all his kin)



And knowing surely she could never win



His foolish heart from its mad pompousness,



She set herself, high-thoughted, how to dress



The misery in fit magnificence.



She did so, but ’tis doubtful how and whence



Came, and who were her subtle servitors.



About the halls, and to and from the doors,



120

There was a noise of wings, till in short space



The glowing banquet-room shone with wide-archèd grace.



A haunting music, sole perhaps and lone



Supportress of the faery-roof, made moan



Throughout, as fearful the whole charm might fade.



Fresh carvèd cedar, mimicking a glade



Of palm and plantain, met from either side,



High in the midst, in honour of the bride;



Two palms and then two plantains, and so on,



From either side their stems branched one to one



130

All down the aislèd place; and beneath all



There ran a stream of lamps straight on from wall to wall.



So canopied, lay an untasted feast



Teeming with odours. Lamia, regal dressed,



Silently paced about, and as she went,



In pale contented sort of discontent,



Missioned her viewless servants to enrich



The fretted splendour of each nook and niche.



Between the tree-stems, marbled plain at first,



Came jasper panels; then anon, there burst



140

Forth creeping imagery of slighter trees,



And with the larger wove in small intricacies.



Approving all, she faded at self-will,



And shut the chamber up, close, hushed and still,



Complete and ready for the revels rude,



When dreadful guests would come to spoil her solitude.



The day appeared, and all the gossip rout.



O senseless Lycius! Madman! wherefore flout



The silent-blessing fate, warm cloistered hours,



And show to common eyes these secret bowers?



150

The herd approached; each guest, with busy brain,



Arrivng at the portal, gazed amain,



And entered marvelling – for they knew the street,



Remembered it from childhood all complete



Without a gap, yet ne’er before had seen



That royal porch, that high-built fair demesne.



So in they hurried all, mazed, curious and keen –



Save one, who looked thereon with eye severe,



And with calm-planted steps walked in austere.



’Twas Apollonius: something too he laughed,



160

As though some knotty problem, that had daffed



His patient thought, had now begun to thaw,



And solve and melt – ’twas just as he foresaw.



He met within the murmurous vestibule



His young disciple. ‘’Tis no common rule,



Lycius,’ said he, ‘for uninvited guest



To force himself upon you, and infest



With an unbidden presence the bright throng



Of younger friends; yet must I do this wrong,



And you forgive me. Lycius blushed, and led



170

The old man through the inner doors broad-spread;



With reconciling words and courteous mien



Turning into sweet milk the sophist’s spleen.



Of wealthy lustre was the banquet-room,



Filled with pervading brilliance and perfume:



Before each lucid panel fuming stood



A censer fed with myrrh and spicèd wood,



Each by a sacred tripod held aloft,



Whose slender feet wide-swerved upon the soft



Wool-woofèd carpets; fifty wreaths of smoke



180

From fifty censers their light voyage took



To the high roof, still mimicked as they rose



Along the mirrored walls by twin-clouds odorous.



Twelve spherèd tables, by silk seats ensphered,



High as the level of a man’s breast reared



On libbard’s paws, upheld the heavy gold



Of cups and goblets, and the store thrice told



Of Ceres’ horn, and, in huge vessels, wine



Come from the gloomy tun with merry shine.



Thus loaded with a feast the tables stood,



190

Each shrining in the midst the image of a God.



When in an antechamber every guest



Had felt the cold full sponge to pleasure pressed,



By ministering slaves, upon his hands and feet,



And fragrant oils with ceremony meet



Poured on his hair, they all moved to the feast



In white robes, and themselves in order placed



Around the silken couches, wondering



Whence all this mighty cost and blaze of wealth could spring.



Soft went the music the soft air along,



200

While fluent Greek a vowelled undersong



Kept up among the guests, discoursing low



At first, for scarcely was the wine at flow;



But when the happy vintage touched their brains,



Louder they talk, and louder come the strains



Of powerful instruments. The gorgeous dyes,



The space, the splendour of the draperies,



The roof of awful richness, nectarous cheer,



Beautiful slaves, and Lamia’s self, appear,



Now, when the wine has done its rosy deed,



210

And every soul from human trammels freed,



No more so strange; for merry wine, sweet wine,



Will make Elysian shades not too fair, too divine.



Soon was God Bacchus at meridian height;



Flushed were their cheeks, and bright eyes double bright:



Garlands of every green, and every scent



From vales deflowered, or forest-trees branch-rent,



In baskets of bright osiered gold were brought



High as the handles heaped, to suit the thought



Of every guest – that each, as he did please,



220

Might fancy-fit his brows, silk-pillowed at his ease.



What wreath for Lamia? What for Lycius?



What for the sage, old Apollonius?



Upon her aching forehead be there hung



The leaves of willow and of adder’s tongue;



And for the youth, quick, let us strip for him



The thyrsus, that his watching eyes may swim



Into forgetfulness; and, for the sage,



Let spear-grass and the spiteful thistle wage



War on his temples. Do not all charms fly



230

At the mere touch of cold philosophy?



There was an awful rainbow once in heaven:



We know her woof, her texture; she is given



In the dull catalogue of common things.



Philosophy will clip an Angel’s wings,



Conquer all mysteries by rule and line,



Empty the haunted air, and gnomèd mine –



Unweave a rainbow, as it erewhile made



The tender-personed Lamia melt into a shade.



By her glad Lycius sitting, in chief place,



240

Scarce saw in all the room another face,



Till, checking his love trance, a cup he took



Full brimmed, and opposite sent forth a look



‘Cross the broad table, to beseech a glance



From his old teacher’s wrinkled countenance,



And pledge him. The bald-head philosopher



Had fixed his eye, without a twinkle or stir



Full on the alarmed beauty of the bride,



Brow-beating her fair form, and troubling her sweet pride.



Lycius then pressed her hand, with devout touch,



250

As pale it lay upon the rosy couch:



’Twas icy, and the cold ran through his veins;



Then sudden it grew hot, and all the pains



Of an unnatural heat shot to his heart.



‘Lamia, what means this? Wherefore dost thou start?



Know’st thou that man?’ Poor Lamia answered not.



He gazed into her eyes, and not a jot



Owned they the lovelorn piteous appeal;



More, more he gazed; his human senses reel;



Some hungry spell that loveliness absorbs;



260

There was no recognition in those orbs.



‘Lamia!’ he cried – and no soft-toned reply.



The many heard, and the loud revelry



Grew hush; the stately music no more breathes;



The myrtle sickened in a thousand wreaths.



By faint degrees, voice, lute, and pleasure ceased;



A deadly silence step by step increased,



Until it seemed a horrid presence there,



And not a man but felt the terror in his hair.



‘Lamia!’ he shrieked; and nothing but the shriek



270

With its sad echo did the silence break.



‘Begone, foul dream!’ he cried, gazing again



In the bride’s face, where now no azure vein



Wandered on fair-spaced temples; no soft bloom



Misted the cheek; no passion to illume



The deep-recessèd vision. All was blight;



Lamia, no longer fair, there sat a deadly white.



‘Shut, shut those juggling eyes, thou ruthless man!



Turn them aside, wretch! or the righteous ban



Of all the Gods, whose dreadful images



280

Here represent their shadowy presences,



May pierce them on the sudden with the thorn



Of painful blindness; leaving thee forlorn,



In trembling dotage to the feeblest fright



Of conscience, for their long offended might,



For all thine impious proud-heart sophistries,



Unlawful magic, and enticing lies.



Corinthians! look upon that grey-beard wretch!



Mark how, possessed, his lashless eyelids stretch



Around his demon eyes! Corinthians, see!



290

My sweet bride withers at their potency.’



‘Fool!’ said the sophist, in an undertone



Gruff with contempt; which a death-nighing moan



From Lycius answered, as heart-struck and lost,



He sank supine beside the aching ghost.



‘Fool! Fool!’ repeated he, while his eyes still



Relented not, nor moved: ‘From every ill



Of life have I preserved thee to this day,



And shall I see thee made a serpent’s prey?’



Then Lamia breathed death-breath; the sophist’s eye,



300

Like a sharp spear, went through her utterly,



Keen, cruel, perceant, stinging: she, as well



As her weak hand could any meaning tell,



Motioned him to be silent; vainly so,



He looked and looked again a level – No!



‘A Serpent!’ echoed he; no sooner said,



Than with a frightful scream she vanishèd:



And Lycius’ arms were empty of delight,



As were his limbs of life, from that same night.



On the high couch he lay! – his friends came round –



310

Supported him – no pulse, or breath they found,



And, in its marriage robe, the heavy body wound.





‘Pensive they sit, and roll their languid eyes’


Pensive they sit, and roll their languid eyes,



Nibble their toasts and cool their tea with sighs;



Or else forget the purpose of the night,



Forget their tea, forget their appetite.



See, with crossed arms they sit – Ah! hapless crew,



The fire is going out and no one rings



For coals, and therefore no coals Betty brings.



A fly is in the milk-pot – must he die



Circled by a Humane Society?



10

No, no; there, Mr Werter takes his spoon,



Inverts it, dips the handle, and lo! soon



The little struggler, saved from perils dark,



Across the teaboard draws a long wet mark.



Romeo! Arise! take snuffers by the handle,



There’s a large cauliflower in each candle.



A winding-sheet – ah, me! I must away



To No. 7, just beyond the Circus gay.



‘Alas, my friend, your coat sits very well;



Where may your tailor live?’ ‘I may not tell.



20

O pardon me – I’m absent now and then.



Where might my tailor live? I say again



I cannot tell. Let me no more be teased –



He lives in Wapping, might live where he pleased.’





To Autumn


I



Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness,



Close bosom-friend of the maturing sun,



Conspiring with him how to load and bless



With fruit the vines that round the thatch-eves run;



To bend with apples the mossed cottage-trees,



And fill all fruit with ripeness to the core;



To swell the gourd, and plump the hazel shells



With a sweet kernel; to set budding more,



And still more, later flowers for the bees,



10

Until they think warm days will never cease,



For Summer has o’er-brimmed their clammy cells.



II



Who hath not seen thee oft amid thy store?



Sometimes whoever seeks abroad may find



Thee sitting careless on a granary floor,



Thy hair soft-lifted by the winnowing wind;



Or on a half-reaped furrow sound asleep,



Drowsed with the fume of poppies while thy hook



Spares the next swath and all its twinèd flowers;



And sometimes like a gleaner thou dost keep



20

Steady thy laden head across a brook;



Or by a cider-press, with patient look,



Thou watchest the last oozings hours by hours.



III



Where are the songs of Spring? Ay, where are they?



Think not of them, thou hast thy music too –



While barrèd clouds bloom the soft-dying day,



And touch the stubble-plains with rosy hue:



Then in a wailful choir the small gnats mourn



Among the river sallows, borne aloft



Or sinking as the light wind lives or dies;



30

And full-grown lambs loud bleat from hilly bourn;



Hedge-crickets sing; and now with treble soft



The red-breast whistles from a garden-croft;



And gathering swallows twitter in the skies.





The Fall of Hyperion. A Dream


CANTO I



Fanatics have their dreams, wherewith they weave



A paradise for a sect; the savage too



From forth the loftiest fashion of his sleep



Guesses at Heaven: pity these have not



Traced upon vellum or wild Indian leaf



The shadows of melodious utterance.



But bare of laurel they live, dream, and die;



For Poesy alone can tell her dreams,



With the fine spell of words alone can save



10

Imagination from the sable charm



And dumb enchantment. Who alive can say,



‘Thou art no Poet – mayst not tell thy dreams’?



Since every man whose soul is not a clod



Hath visions, and would speak, if he had loved,



And been well nurtured in his mother tongue.



Whether the dream now purposed to rehearse



Be Poet’s or Fanatic’s will be known



When this warm scribe my hand is in the grave.



Methought I stood where trees of every clime,



20

Palm, myrtle, oak, and sycamore, and beech,



With plantain, and spice-blossoms, made a screen –



In neighbourhood of fountains, by the noise



Soft-showering in mine ears, and, by the touch



Of scent, not far from roses. Turning round,



I saw an arbour with a drooping roof



Of trellis vines, and bells, and larger blooms,



Like floral censers, swinging light in air;



Before its wreathèd doorway, on a mound



Of moss, was spread a feast of summer fruits,



30

Which, nearer seen, seemed refuse of a meal



By angel tasted, or our Mother Eve;



For empty shells were scattered on the grass,



And grape-stalks but half bare, and remnants more,



Sweet-smelling, whose pure kinds I could not know.



Still was more plenty than the fabled horn



Thrice emptied could pour forth at banqueting



For Proserpine returned to her own fields,



Where the white heifers low. And appetite



More yearning than on earth I ever felt



40

Growing within, I ate deliciously;



And, after not long, thirsted, for thereby



Stood a cool vessel of transparent juice,



Sipped by the wandered bee, the which I took,



And, pledging all the mortals of the world,



And all the dead whose names are in our lips,



Drank. That full draught is parent of my theme.



No Asian poppy, nor elixir fine



Of the soon-fading jealous Caliphat;



No poison gendered in close monkish cell,



50

To thin the scarlet conclave of old men,



Could so have rapt unwilling life away.



Among the fragrant husks and berries crushed,



Upon the grass I struggled hard against



The domineering potion; but in vain –



The cloudy swoon came on, and down I sunk,



Like a Silenus on an antique vase.



How long I slumbered ’tis a chance to guess.



When sense of life returned, I started up



As if with wings; but the fair trees were gone,



60

The mossy mound and arbour were no more.



I looked around upon the carved sides



Of an old sanctuary with roof august,



Builded so high, it seemed that filmed clouds



Might spread beneath, as o’er the stars of heaven.



So old the place was, I remembered none



The like upon the earth: what I had seen



Of grey cathedrals, buttressed walls, rent towers,



The superannuations of sunk realms,



Or Nature’s rocks toiled hard in waves and winds,



70

Seemed but the faulture of decrepit things



To that eternal domed monument.



Upon the marble at my feet there lay



Store of strange vessels and large draperies,



Which needs had been of dyed asbestos wove,



Or in that place the moth could not corrupt,



So white the linen; so, in some, distinct



Ran imageries from a sombre loom.



All in a mingled heap confused there lay



Robes, golden tongs, censer and chafing-dish,



80

Girdles, and chains, and holy jewelleries –



Turning from these with awe, once more I raised



My eyes to fathom the space every way –



The embossèd roof, the silent massy range



Of columns north and south, ending in mist



Of nothing, then to eastward, where black gates



Were shut against the sunrise evermore.



Then to the west I looked, and saw far off



An Image, huge of feature as a cloud,



At level of whose feet an altar slept,



90

To be approached on either side by steps,



And marble balustrade, and patient travail



To count with toil the innumerable degrees.



Towards the altar sober-paced I went,



Repressing haste, as too unholy there;



And, coming nearer, saw beside the shrine



One ministering; and there arose a flame.



When in mid-May the sickening East wind



Shifts sudden to the south, the small warm rain



Melts out the frozen incense from all flowers,



100

And fills the air with so much pleasant health



That even the dying man forgets his shroud –



Even so that lofty sacrificial fire,



Sending forth Maian incense, spread around



Forgetfulness of everything but bliss,



And clouded all the altar with soft smoke,



From whose white fragrant curtains thus I heard



Language pronounced: ‘If thou canst not ascend



These steps, die on that marble where thou art.



Thy flesh, near cousin to the common dust,



110

Will parch for lack of nutriment – thy bones



Will wither in few years, and vanish so



That not the quickest eye could find a grain



Of what thou now art on that pavement cold.



The sands of thy short life are spent this hour,



And no hand in the universe can turn



Thy hourglass, if these gummèd leaves be burnt



Ere thou canst mount up these immortal steps.’



I heard, I looked: two senses both at once,



So fine, so subtle, felt the tyranny



120

Of that fierce threat, and the hard task proposed.



Prodigious seemed the toil; the leaves were yet



Burning – when suddenly a palsied chill



Struck from the pavèd level up my limbs,



And was ascending quick to put cold grasp



Upon those streams that pulse beside the throat.



I shrieked; and the sharp anguish of my shriek



Stung my own ears – I strove hard to escape



The numbness, strove to gain the lowest step.



Slow, heavy, deadly was my pace: the cold



130

Grew stifling, suffocating, at the heart;



And when I clasped my hands I felt them not.



One minute before death, my iced foot touched



The lowest stair; and as it touched, life seemed



To pour in at the toes: I mounted up,



As once fair Angels on a ladder flew



From the green turf to Heaven. ‘Holy Power,’



Cried I, approaching near the hornèd shrine,



‘What am I that should so be saved from death?



What am I that another death come not



140

To choke my utterance sacrilegious, here?’



Then said the veilèd shadow: ‘Thou hast felt



What ’tis to die and live again before



Thy fated hour. That thou hadst power to do so



Is thy own safety; thou hast dated on



Thy doom.’ ‘High Prophetess,’ said I, ‘purge off,



Benign, if so it please thee, my mind’s film.’



‘None can usurp this height,’ returned that shade,



But those to whom the miseries of the world



Are misery, and will not let them rest.



150

All else who find a haven in the world,



Where they may thoughtless sleep away their days,



If by a chance into this fane they come,



Rot on the pavement where thou rotted’st half.’



‘Are there not thousands in the world,’ said I,



Encouraged by the sooth voice of the shade,



‘Who love their fellows even to the death;



Who feel the giant agony of the world;



And more, like slaves to poor humanity,



Labour for mortal good? I sure should see



160

Other men here: but I am here alone.’



‘They whom thou spak’st of are no visionaries,’



Rejoined that voice – ‘They are no dreamers weak,



They seek no wonder but the human face;



No music but a happy-noted voice –



They come not here, they have no thought to come –



And thou art here, for thou art less than they –



What benefit canst thou do, or all thy tribe,



To the great world? Thou art a dreaming thing,



A fever of thyself. Think of the Earth;



170

What bliss even in hope is there for thee?



What haven? Every creature hath its home;



Every sole man hath days of joy and pain,



Whether his labours be sublime or low –



The pain alone; the joy alone; distinct:



Only the dreamer venoms all his days,



Bearing more woe than all his sins deserve.



Therefore, that happiness be somewhat shared,



Such things as thou art are admitted oft



Into like gardens thou didst pass erewhile,



180

And suffered in these temples; for that cause



Thou standest safe beneath this statue’s knees.’



‘That I am favoured for unworthiness,



By such propitious parley medicined



In sickness not ignoble, I rejoice –



Ay, and could weep for love of such award.’



So answered I, continuing, ‘If it please,



Majestic shadow, tell me: sure not all



Those melodies sung into the world’s ear



Are useless: sure a poet is a sage,



190

A humanist, physician to all men.



That I am none I feel, as vultures feel



They are no birds when eagles are abroad.



What am I then? Thou spakest of my tribe:



What tribe?’ – The tall shade veiled in drooping white



Then spake, so much more earnest, that the breath



Moved the thin linen folds that drooping hung



About a golden censer from the hand



Pendent. – ‘Art thou not of the dreamer tribe?



The poet and the dreamer are distinct,



200

Diverse, sheer opposite, antipodes.



The one pours out a balm upon the world,



The other vexes it.’ Then shouted I,



Spite of myself, and with a Pythia’s spleen,



‘Apollo! faded, far-flown Apollo!



Where is thy misty pestilence to creep



Into the dwellings, through the door crannies,



Of all mock lyrists, large self-worshippers



And careless hectorers in proud bad verse.



Though I breathe death with them it will be life



210

To see them sprawl before me into graves.



Majestic shadow, tell me where I am,



Whose altar this; for whom this incense curls;



What image this, whose face I cannot see,



For the broad marble knees; and who thou art,



Of accent feminine so courteous?’



Then the tall shade, in drooping linens veiled,



Spake out, so much more earnest, that her breath



Stirred the thin folds of gauze that drooping hung



About a golden censer from her hand



220

Pendent; and by her voice I knew she shed



Long-treasured tears. ‘This temple, sad and lone,



Is all spared from the thunder of a war



Foughten long since by giant hierarchy



Against rebellion; this old image here,



Whose carved features wrinkled as he fell,



Is Saturn’s; I Moneta, left supreme



Sole priestess of his desolation.’



I had no words to answer, for my tongue,



Useless, could find about its roofèd home



230

No syllable of a fit majesty



To make rejoinder to Moneta’s mourn.



There was a silence, while the altar’s blaze



Was fainting for sweet food: I looked thereon,



And on the pavèd floor, where nigh were piled



Faggots of cinnamon, and many heaps



Of other crispèd spice-wood – then again



I looked upon the altar, and its horns



Whitened with ashes, and its languorous flame,



And then upon the offerings again;



240

And so by turns – till sad Moneta cried:



‘The sacrifice is done, but not the less



Will I be kind to thee for thy goodwill.



My power, which to me is still a curse,



Shall be to thee a wonder; for the scenes



Still swooning vivid through my globèd brain,



With an electral changing misery,



Thou shalt with those dull mortal eyes behold,



Free from all pain, if wonder pain thee not.’



As near as an immortal’s sphered words



250

Could to a mother’s soften, were these last:



But yet I had a terror of her robes,



And chiefly of the veils, that from her brow



Hung pale, and curtained her in mysteries



That made my heart too small to hold its blood.



This saw that Goddess, and with sacred hand



Parted the veils. Then saw I a wan face,



Not pined by human sorrows, but bright-blanched



By an immortal sickness which kills not;



It works a constant change, which happy death



260

Can put no end to; deathwards progressing



To no death was that visage; it had passed



The lily and the snow; and beyond these



I must not think now, though I saw that face –



But for her eyes I should have fled away.



They held me back, with a benignant light,



Soft-mitigated by divinest lids



Half-closed, and visionless entire they seemed



Of all external things – they saw me not,



But in blank splendour beamed like the mild moon,



270

Who comforts those she sees not, who knows not



What eyes are upward cast. As I had found



A grain of gold upon a mountain’s side,



And twinged with avarice strained out my eyes



To search its sullen entrails rich with ore,



So at the view of sad Moneta’s brow



I ached to see what things the hollow brain



Behind enwombèd; what high tragedy



In the dark secret chambers of her skull



Was acting, that could give so dread a stress



280

To her cold lips, and fill with such a light



Her planetary eyes; and touch her voice



With such a sorrow – ‘Shade of Memory!’



Cried I, with act adorant at her feet,



‘By all the gloom hung round thy fallen house,



By this last temple, by the golden age,



By great Apollo, thy dear foster child,



And by thyself, forlorn divinity,



The pale Omega of a withered race,



Let me behold, according as thou said’st,



290

What in thy brain so ferments to and fro.’



No sooner had this conjuration passed



My devout lips, than side by side we stood



(Like a stunt bramble by a solemn pine)



Deep in the shady sadness of a vale,



Far sunken from the healthy breath of morn,



Far from the fiery noon and eve’s one star.



Onward I looked beneath the gloomy boughs,



And saw, what first I thought an image huge,



Like to the image pedestalled so high



300

In Saturn’s temple. Then Moneta’s voice



Came brief upon mine ear: ‘So Saturn sat



When he had lost his realms.’ Whereon there grew



A power within me of enormous ken



To see as a God sees, and take the depth



Of things as nimbly as the outward eye



Can size and shape pervade. The lofty theme



At those few words hung vast before my mind,



With half-unravelled web. I set myself



Upon an eagle’s watch, that I might see,



310

And seeing ne’er forget. No stir of life



Was in this shrouded vale, not so much air



As in zoning of a summer’s day



Robs not one light seed from the feathered grass,



But where the dead leaf fell there did it rest.



A stream went voiceless by, still deadened more



By reason of the fallen divinity



Spreading more shade; the Naiad ’mid her reeds



Pressed her cold finger closer to her lips.



Along the margin-sand large footmarks went



320

No farther than to where old Saturn’s feet



Had rested, and there slept – how long a sleep!



Degraded, cold, upon the sodden ground



His old right hand lay nerveless, listless, dead,



Unsceptred; and his realmless eyes were closed,



While his bowed head seemed listening to the Earth,



His ancient mother, for some comfort yet.



It seemed no force could wake him from his place;



But there came one who, with a kindred hand



Touched his wide shoulders, after bending low



330

With reverence, though to one who knew it not.



Then came the grieved voice of Mnemosyne,



And grieved I hearkened. ‘That divinity



Whom thou saw’st step from yon forlornest wood,



And with slow pace approach our fallen King,



Is Thea, softest-natured of our brood.’



I marked the goddess in fair statuary



Surpassing wan Moneta by the head,



And in her sorrow nearer woman’s tears.



There was a listening fear in her regard,



340

As if calamity had but begun;



As if the vanward clouds of evil days



Had spent their malice, and the sullen rear



Was with its storèd thunder labouring up.



One hand she pressed upon that aching spot



Where beats the human heart, as if just there,



Though an immortal, she felt cruel pain;



The other upon Saturn’s bended neck



She laid, and to the level of his hollow ear



Leaning with parted lips, some words she spake



350

In solemn tenor and deep organ tune,



Some mourning words, which in our feeble tongue



Would come in this-like accenting – how frail



To that large utterance of the early Gods! –



‘Saturn! look up – and for what, poor lost King?



I have no comfort for thee, no – not one;



I cannot cry, Wherefore thus sleepest thou?



For Heaven is parted from thee, and the Earth



Knows thee not, so afflicted, for a God;



And Ocean too, with all its solemn noise,



360

Has from thy sceptre passed, and all the air



Is emptied of thine hoary Majesty.



Thy thunder, captious at the new command,



Rumbles reluctant o’er our fallen house;



And thy sharp lightning, in unpractised hands,



Scorches and burns our once serene domain.



With such remorseless speed still come new woes



That unbelief has not a space to breathe.



Saturn! sleep on. Me thoughtless, why should I



Thus violate thy slumbrous solitude?



370

Why should I ope thy melancholy eyes?



Saturn, sleep on, while at thy feet I weep.’



As when, upon a trancèd summer-night,



Forests, branch-charmèd by the earnest stars,



Dream, and so dream all night without a noise,



Save from one gradual solitary gust,



Swelling upon the silence; dying off;



As if the ebbing air had but one wave –



So came these words, and went; the while in tears



She pressed her fair large forehead to the earth,



380

Just where her fallen hair might spread in curls,



A soft and silken mat for Saturn’s feet.



Long, long those two were postured motionless,



Like sculpture builded-up upon the grave



Of their own power. A long awful time



I looked upon them: still they were the same;



The frozen God still bending to the earth,



And the sad Goddess weeping at his feet;



Moneta silent. Without stay or prop,



But my own weak mortality, I bore



390

The load of this eternal quietude,



The unchanging gloom, and the three fixèd shapes



Ponderous upon my senses a whole moon.



For by my burning brain I measured sure



Her silver seasons shedded on the night,



And every day by day methought I grew



More gaunt and ghostly. Oftentimes I prayed



Intense, that death would take me from the vale



And all its burthens. Gasping with despair



Of change, hour after hour I cursed myself –



400

Until old Saturn raised his faded eyes,



And looked around and saw his kingdom gone,



And all the gloom and sorrow of the place,



And that fair kneeling Goddess at his feet.



As the moist scent of flowers, and grass, and leaves,



Fills forest dells with a pervading air



Known to the woodland nostril, so the words



Of Saturn filled the mossy glooms around,



Even to the hollows of time-eaten oaks,



And to the windings in the foxes’ hole,



410

With sad low tones, while thus he spake, and sent



Strange musings to the solitary Pan:



‘Moan, brethren, moan; for we are swallowed up



And buried from all godlike exercise



Of influence benign on planets pale,



And peaceful sway above man’s harvesting,



And all those acts which deity supreme



Doth ease its heart of love in. Moan and wail.



Moan, brethren, moan; for lo! the rebel spheres



Spin round, the stars their ancient courses keep,



420

Clouds still with shadowy moisture haunt the earth,



Still suck their fill of light from sun and moon,



Still buds the tree, and still the sea-shores murmur.



There is no death in all the universe,



No smell of death – there shall be death – moan, moan,



Moan, Cybele, moan; for thy pernicious babes



Have changed a God into a shaking palsy.



Moan, brethren, moan, for I have no strength left,



Weak as the reed – weak – feeble as my voice –



O, O, the pain, the pain of feebleness.



430

Moan, moan, for still I thaw – or give me help:



Throw down those imps, and give me victory.



Let me hear other groans, and trumpets blown



Of triumph calm, and hymns of festival,



From the gold peaks of heaven’s high-pilèd clouds –



Voices of soft proclaim, and silver stir



Of strings in hollow shells; and let there be



Beautiful things made new for the surprise



Of the sky-children –’ So he feebly ceased,



With such a poor and sickly sounding pause,



440

Methought I heard some old man of the earth



Bewailing earthly loss; nor could my eyes



And ears act with that pleasant unison of sense



Which marries sweet sound with the grace of form



And dolorous accent from a tragic harp



With large-limbed visions. More 1 scrutinized:



Still fixed he sat beneath the sable trees,



Whose arms spread straggling in wild serpent forms,



With leaves all hushed; his awful presence there



(Now all was silent) gave a deadly lie



450

To what I erewhile heard – only his lips



Trembled amid the white curls of his beard.



They told the truth, though, round, the snowy locks



Hung nobly, as upon the face of heaven



A midday fleece of clouds. Thea arose,



And stretched her white arm through the hollow dark,



Pointing some whither; whereat he too rose



Like a vast giant, seen by men at sea



To grow pale from the waves at dull midnight.



They melted from my sight into the woods;



460

Ere I could turn, Moneta cried: ‘These twain



Are speeding to the families of grief,



Where roofed in by black rocks they waste, in pain



And darkness, for no hope.’ – And she spake on,



As ye may read who can unwearied pass



Onward from the antechamber of this dream,



Where even at the open doors awhile



I must delay, and glean my memory



Of her high phrase – perhaps no further dare.



CANTO II



‘Mortal, that thou mayst understand aright,



I humanize my sayings to thine ear,



Making comparisons of earthly things;



Or thou mightst better listen to the wind,



Whose language is to thee a barren noise,



Though it blows legend-laden through the trees –



In melancholy realms big tears are shed,



More sorrow like to this, and such-like woe,



Too huge for mortal tongue, or pen of scribe.



10

The Titans fierce, self-hid or prison-bound,



Groan for the old allegiance once more,



Listening in their doom for Saturn’s voice.



But one of our whole eagle-brood still keeps



His sovereignty, and rule, and majesty;



Blazing Hyperion on his orbèd fire



Still sits, still snuffs the incense teeming up



From man to the sun’s God – yet unsecure.



For as upon the earth dire prodigies



Fright and perplex, so also shudders he:



20

Nor at dog’s howl or gloom-bird’s even screech,



Or the familiar visitings of one



Upon the first toll of his passing-bell:



But horrors, portioned to a giant nerve,



Make great Hyperion ache. His palace bright,



Bastioned with pyramids of glowing gold,



And touched with shade of bronzèd obelisks,



Glares a blood-red through all the thousand courts,



Arches, and domes, and fiery galleries;



And all its curtains of Aurorian clouds



30

Flush angerly: when he would taste the wreaths



Of incense breathed aloft from sacred hills,



Instead of sweets, his ample palate takes



Savour of poisonous brass and metals sick.



Wherefore, when harboured in the sleepy West,



After the full completion of fair day,



For rest divine upon exalted couch



And slumber in the arms of melody,



He paces through the pleasant hours of ease



With strides colossal, on from hall to hall;



40

While far within each aisle and deep recess



His wingèd minions in close clusters stand



Amazed, and full of fear; like anxious men,



Who on a wide plain gather in sad troops,



When earthquakes jar their battlements and towers.



Even now, while Saturn, roused from icy trance,



Goes, step for step, with Thea from yon woods,



Hyperion, leaving twilight in the rear,



Is sloping to the threshold of the West –



Thither we tend.’ – Now in clear light I stood,



50

Relieved from the dusk vale. Mnemosyne



Was sitting on a square-edged polished stone,



That in its lucid depth reflected pure



Her priestess-garments. My quick eyes ran on



From stately nave to nave, from vault to vault,



Through bowers of fragrant and enwreathèd light



And diamond-pavèd lustrous long arcades.



Anon rushed by the bright Hyperion;



His flaming robes streamed out beyond his heels,



And gave a roar, as if of earthly fire,



60

That scared away the meek ethereal Hours,



And made their dove-wings tremble. On he flared…





‘The day is gone, and all its sweets are gone!’


The day is gone, and all its sweets are gone!



Sweet voice, sweet lips, soft hand, and softer breast,



Warm breath light whisper tender semi-tone



Bright eyes, accomplished shape, and languorous waist!



Faded the flower and all its budded charms,



Faded the sight of beauty from my eyes,



Faded the shape of beauty from my arms,



Faded the voice, warmth, whiteness, paradise –



Vanished unseasonably at shut of eve,



10

When the dusk holiday – or holinight –



Of fragrant-curtained love begins to weave



The woof of darkness thick, for hid delight;



But, as I’ve read love’s missal through today,



He’ll let me sleep, seeing I fast and pray.





What can I do to drive away


What can I do to drive away



Remembrance from my eyes? for they have seen,



Ay, an hour ago, my brilliant Queen!



Touch has a memory. O say, love, say,



What can I do to kill it and be free



In my old liberty?



When every fair one that I saw was fair,



Enough to catch me in but half a snare,



Not keep me there;



10

When, howe’er poor or parti-coloured things,



My muse had wings,



And ever ready was to take her course



Whither I bent her force,



Unintellectual, yet divine to me –



Divine, I say! What sea-bird o’er the sea



Is a philosopher the while he goes



Winging along where the great water throes?



How shall I do



To get anew



20

Those moulted feathers, and so mount once more



Above, above



The reach of fluttering Love,



And make him cower lowly while I soar?



Shall I gulp wine? No, that is vulgarism,



A heresy and schism,



Foisted into the canon law of love;



No – wine is only sweet to happy men;



More dismal cares



Seize on me unawares –



30

Where shall I learn to get my peace again?



To banish thoughts of that most hateful land,



Dungeoner of my friends, that wicked strand



Where they were wrecked and live a wrecked life;



That monstrous region, whose dull rivers pour,



Ever from their sordid urns into the shore,



Unowned of any weedy-hairèd gods;



Whose winds, all zephyrless, hold scourging rods,



Iced in the great lakes, to afflict mankind;



Whose rank-grown forests, frosted, black, and blind,



40

Would fright a Dryad; whose harsh-herbaged meads



Make lean and lank the starved ox while he feeds;



There flowers have no scent, birds no sweet song,



And great unerring Nature once seems wrong.



O, for some sunny spell



To dissipate the shadows of this hell!



Say they are gone – with the new dawning light



Steps forth my lady bright!



O, let me once more rest



My soul upon that dazzling breast!



50

Let once again these aching arms be placed,



The tender gaolers of thy waist!



And let me feel that warm breath here and there



To spread a rapture in my very hair –



O, the sweetness of the pain!



Give me those lips again!



Enough! Enough! It is enough for me



To dream of thee!





‘I cry your mercy, pity, love – ay, love!’


I cry your mercy, pity, love – ay, love!



Merciful love that tantalizes not,



One-thoughted, never-wandering, guileless love,



Unmasked, and being seen – without a blot!



O! let me have thee whole, – all, all, be mine!



That shape, that fairness, that sweet minor zest



Of love, your kiss – those hands, those eyes divine,



That warm, white, lucent, million-pleasured breast –



Yourself – your soul – in pity give me all,



10

Withhold no atom’s atom or I die;



Or living on perhaps, your wretched thrall,



Forget, in the mist of idle misery,



Life’s purposes – the palate of my mind



Losing its gust, and my ambition blind!





‘Bright star! would I were steadfast as thou art’


Bright star! would I were steadfast as thou art –



Not in lone splendour hung aloft the night



And watching, with eternal lids apart,



Like nature’s patient, sleepless Eremite,



The moving waters at their priestlike task



Of pure ablution round earth’s human shores,



Or gazing on the new soft-fallen mask



Of snow upon the mountains and the moors –



No – yet still steadfast, still unchangeable,



10

Pillowed upon my fair love’s ripening breast,



To feel for ever its soft swell and fall,



Awake for ever in a sweet unrest,



Still, still to hear her tender-taken breath,



And so live ever – or else swoon to death.





King Stephen. A Fragment of a Tragedy


ACT I

Scene 1 Field of Battle.

[Alarm. Enter KING STEPHEN, Knights, and Soldiers]





STEPHENIf shame can on a soldier’s vein-swollen front



Spread deeper crimson than the battle’s toil,



Blush in your casing helmets! for see, see!



Yonder my chivalry, my pride of war,



Wrenched with an iron hand from firm array,



Are routed loose about the plashy meads,



Of honour forfeit. O, that my known voice



Could reach your dastard ears, and fright you more!



Fly, cowards, fly! Gloucester is at your backs!



10 Throw your slack bridles o’er the flurried manes,



Ply well the rowel with faint trembling heels,



Scampering to death at last!



FIRST KNIGHTThe enemy



Bears his flaunt standard close upon their rear.



SECOND KNIGHTSure of a bloody prey, seeing the fens



Will swamp them girth-deep.



STEPHENOver head and ears,



No matter! ’Tis a gallant enemy;



How like a comet he goes streaming on.



But we must plague him in the flank – hey, friends.



We are well breathèd – follow!



[Enter EARL BALDWIN and Soldiers, as defeated]



STEPHENDe Redvers!



20 What is the monstrous bugbear that can fright Baldwin?



BALDWINNo scarecrow, but the fortunate star



Of boisterous Chester, whose fell truncheon now



Points level to the goal of victory.



This way he comes, and if you would maintain



Your person unaffronted by vile odds,



Take horse, my Lord.



STEPHENAnd which way spur for life?



Now I thank Heaven I am in the toils,



That soldiers may bear witness how my arm



Can burst the meshes. Not the eagle more



30 Loves to beat up against a tyrannous blast,



Than I to meet the torrent of my foes.



This is a brag – be’t so – but if I fall,



Carve it upon my ’scutcheon’d sepulchre.



On, fellow soldiers! Earl of Redvers, back!



Not twenty Earls of Chester shall browbeat



The diadem. [Exeunt. Alarum]





Scene 2 Another Part of the Field.

[Trumpets sounding a victory. Enter GLOUCESTER, Knights, and Forces]



GLOUCESTERNow may we lift our bruisèd vizors up,



And take the flattering freshness of the air,



While the wide din of battle dies away



Into times past, yet to be echoed sure



In the silent pages of our chroniclers.



FIRST KNIGHTWill Stephen’s death be marked there, my good Lord,



Or that we gave him lodging in yon towers?



GLOUCESTERFain would I know the great usurper’s fate.



[Enter two Captains severally]



FIRST CAPTAIN My Lord!



SECOND CAPTAIN	Most noble Earl!



FIRST CAPTAIN The King –



10

SECOND CAPTAIN The Empress greets –



GLOUCESTER What of the King?



FIRST CAPTAINHe sole and lone maintains



A hopeless bustle mid our swarming arms,



And with a nimble savageness attacks,



Escapes, makes fiercer onset, then anew



Eludes death, giving death to most that dare



Trespass within the circuit of his sword!



He must by this have fallen. Baldwin is taken;



And for the Duke of Bretagne, like a stag



He flies, for the Welsh beagles to hunt down.



20 God save the Empress!



GLOUCESTERNow our dreaded Queen:



What message from her Highness?



SECOND CAPTAINRoyal Maud



From the thronged towers of Lincoln hath looked down,



Like Pallas from the walls of Ilion,



And seen her enemies havocked at her feet.



She greets most noble Gloucester from her heart,



Entreating him, his captains, and brave knights,



To grace a banquet. The high city gates



Are envious which shall see your triumph pass;



The streets are full of music.



[Enter SECOND KNIGHT]



GLOUCESTER Whence come you?



30 SECOND KNIGHT From Stephen, my good Prince –



Stephen! Stephen!



GLOUCESTER Why do you make such echoing of his name?



SECOND KNIGHTBecause I think, my lord, he is no man,



But a fierce demon, ’nointed safe from wounds,



And misbaptizèd with a Christian name.



GLOUCESTER A mighty soldier! – Does he still hold out?



SECOND KNIGHTHe shames our victory. His valour still



Keeps elbow-room amid our eager swords,



And holds our bladed falchions all aloof –



His gleaming battle-axe being slaughter-sick,



40 Smote on the morion of a Flemish knight,



Broke short in his hand; upon the which he flung



The heft away with such a vengeful force,



It paunched the Earl of Chester’s horse, who then



Spleen-hearted came in full career at him.



GLOUCESTER Did no one take him at a vantage then?



SECOND KNIGHTThree then with tiger leap upon him flew,



Whom, with his sword swift-drawn and nimbly held,



He stung away again, and stood to breathe,



Smiling. Anon upon him rushed once more



50 A throng of foes, and in this renewed strife,



My sword met his and snapped off at the hilts.



GLOUCESTERCome, lead me to this Mars – and let us move



In silence, not insulting his sad doom



With clamorous trumpets. To the Empress bear



My salutation as befits the time.



[Exeunt GLOUCESTER and Forces]





Scene 3 [The Field of Battle. Enter STEPHEN unarmed]

STEPHENAnother sword! And what if I could seize



One from Bellona’s gleaming armoury,



Or choose the fairest of her sheavèd spears!



Where are my enemies? Here, close at hand,



Here comes the testy brood. O, for a sword!



I’m faint – a biting sword! A noble sword!



A hedge-stake – or a ponderous stone to hurl



With brawny vengeance, like the labourer Cain.



Come on! Farewell my kingdom, and all hail



10 Thou superb, plumed, and helmeted renown,



All hail! I would not truck this brilliant day



To rule in Pylos with a Nestor’s beard –



Come on!



[Enter DE KAIMS and Knights, etc.]



DE KAIMSIs’t madness, or a hunger after death,



That makes thee thus unarmed throw taunts at us?



Yield, Stephen, or my sword’s point dips in



The gloomy current of a traitor’s heart.



STEPHEN Do it, De Kaims, I will not budge an inch.



DE KAIMS Yes, of thy madness thou shalt take the meed.



20

STEPHEN Darest thou?



DE KAIMS	How dare, against a man disarmed?



STEPHENWhat weapon has the lion but himself?



Come not near me, De Kaims, for by the price



Of all the glory I have won this day,



Being a king, I will not yield alive



To any but the second man of the realm,



Robert of Gloucester.



DE KAIMS	Thou shalt vail to me.



STEPHENShall I, when I have sworn against it, sir?



Thou think’st it brave to take a breathing king,



That, on a court-day bowed to haughty Maud,



30 The awèd presence-chamber may be bold



To whisper, there’s the man who took alive



Stephen – me – prisoner. Certes, De Kaims,



The ambition is a noble one.



DE KAIMS	’Tis true,



And, Stephen, I must compass it.



STEPHEN	No, no,



Do not tempt me to throttle you on the gorge,



Or with my gauntlet crush your hollow breast,



Just when your knighthood is grown ripe and full



For lordship.



A SOLDIERIs an honest yeoman’s spear



Of no use at a need? Take that.



STEPHEN Ah, dastard!



40

DE KAIMS What, you are vulnerable! my prisoner!



STEPHENNo, not yet. I disclaim it, and demand



Death as a sovereign right unto a king



Who ’sdains to yield to any but his peer,



If not in title, yet in noble deeds,



The Earl of Gloucester. Stab to the hilts, De Kaims,



For I will never by mean hands be led



From this so famous field. Do ye hear! Be quick!



[Trumpets. Enter the EARL OF CHESTER and Knights]





Scene 4 A Presence Chamber.

[QUEEN MAUD in a Chair of State, the EARLS OF GLOUCESTER and CHESTER, Lords, Attendants]



MAUDGloucester, no more: I will behold that Boulogne:



Set him before me. Not for the poor sake



Of regal pomp and a vainglorious hour,



As thou with wary speech, yet near enough,



Hast hinted.



GLOUCESTERFaithful counsel have I given;



If wary, for your Highness’ benefit.



MAUDThe Heavens forbid that I should not think so,



For by thy valour have I won this realm,



Which by thy wisdom I will ever keep.



10 To sage advisers let me ever bend



A meek attentive ear, so that they treat



Of the wide kingdom’s rule and government,



Not trenching on our actions personal.



Advised, not schooled, I would be; and henceforth



Spoken to in clear, plain, and open terms,



Not sideways sermoned at.



GLOUCESTERThen, in plain terms,



Once more for the fallen king –



MAUDYour pardon, brother,



I would no more of that; for, as I said,



’Tis not for worldly pomp I wish to see



20 The rebel, but as dooming judge to give



A sentence something worthy of his guilt.



GLOUCESTER If ’t must be so, I’ll bring him to your presence. [Exit GLOUCESTER]



MAUDA meaner summoner might do as well –



My Lord of Chester, is’t true what I hear



Of Stephen of Boulogne, our prisoner,



That he, as a fit penance for his crimes,



Eats wholesome, sweet, and palatable food



Off Gloucester’s golden dishes – drinks pure wine,



Lodges soft?



CHESTERMore than that, my gracious Queen,



30 Has angered me. The noble Earl, methinks,



Full soldier as he is, and without peer



In counsel, dreams too much among his books.



It may read well, but sure ’tis out of date



To play the Alexander with Darius.



MAUD Truth! I think so. By Heavens it shall not last!



CHESTERIt would amaze your Highness now to mark



How Gloucester overstrains his courtesy



To that crime-loving rebel, that Boulogne –



MAUD That ingrate!



CHESTER	For whose vast ingratitude



40 To our late sovereign lord, your noble sire,



The generous Earl condoles in his mishaps,



And with a sort of lackeying friendliness,



Talks off the mighty frowning from his brow,



Woos him to hold a duet in a smile,



Or, if it please him, play an hour at chess –



MAUD A perjured slave!



CHESTER	And for his perjury,



Gloucester has fit rewards – nay, I believe,



He sets his bustling household’s wits at work



For flatteries to ease this Stephen’s hours,



50 And make a heaven of his purgatory;



Adorning bondage with the pleasant gloss



Of feasts and music, and all idle shows



Of indoor pageantry; while siren whispers,



Predestined for his ear, ’scape as half-checked



From lips the courtliest and the rubiest



Of all the realm, admiring of his deeds.



MAUD A frost upon his summer!



CHESTER	A queen’s nod



Can make his June December. Here he comes.…





‘This living hand, now warm and capable’


This living hand, now warm and capable



Of earnest grasping, would, if it were cold



And in the icy silence of the tomb,



So haunt thy days and chill thy dreaming nights



That thou would wish thine own heart dry of blood



So in my veins red life might stream again,



And thou be conscience-calmed – see here it is –



I hold it towards you.





The Cap and Bells; or, The Jealousies


A FAERY TALE – UNFINISHED

I



In midmost Ind, beside Hydaspes cool,



There stood, or hovered, tremulous in the air



A faery city, ’neath the potent rule



Of Emperor Elfinan – famed everywhere



For love of mortal women, maidens fair,



Whose lips were solid, whose soft hands were made



Of a fit mould and beauty, ripe and rare,



To pamper his slight wooing, warm yet staid:



He loved girls smooth as shades, but hated a mere shade.



II



10

This was a crime forbidden by the law;



And all the priesthood of his city wept,



For ruin and dismay they well foresaw,



If impious prince no bound or limit kept,



And faery Zendervester overstepped.



They wept, he sinned, and still he would sin on,



They dreamt of sin, and he sinned while they slept;



In vain the pulpit thundered at the throne,



Caricature was vain, and vain the tart lampoon.



III



Which seeing, his high court of parliament



20

Laid a remonstrance at his Highness’ feet,



Praying his royal senses to content



Themselves with what in faery land was sweet,



Befitting best that shade with shade should meet:



Whereat, to calm their fears, he promised soon



From mortal tempters all to make retreat –



Ay, even on the first of the new moon,



An immaterial wife to espouse as heaven’s boon.



IV



Meantime he sent a fluttering embassy



To Pigmio, of Imaus sovereign,



30

To half beg, and half demand, respectfully,



The hand of his fair daughter Bellanaine.



An audience had, and speeching done, they gain



Their point, and bring the weeping bride away;



Whom, with but one attendant, safely lain



Upon their wings, they bore in bright array,



While little harps were touched by many a lyric fay.



V



As in old pictures tender cherubim



A child’s soul through the sapphired canvas bear,



So, through a real heaven, on they swim



40

With the sweet princess on her plumaged lair,



Speed giving to the winds her lustrous hair;



And so she journeyed, sleeping or awake,



Save when, for healthful exercise and air,



She chose to promener à l’aile, or take



A pigeon’s somerset, for sport or change’s sake.



VI



‘Dear Princess, do not whisper me so loud,’



Quoth Corallina, nurse and confidant,



‘Do not you see there, lurking in a cloud,



Close at your back, that sly old Crafticant?



50

He hears a whisper plainer than a rant.



Dry up your tears, and do not look so blue;



He’s Elfinan’s great state-spy militant,



His running, lying, flying footman too –



Dear mistress, let him have no handle against you!



VII



‘Show him a mouse’s tail, and he will guess,



With metaphysic swiftness, at the mouse;



Show him a garden, and with speed no less,



He’ll surmise sagely of a dwelling house,



And plot, in the same minute, how to chouse



60

The owner out of it; show him a – ’ ‘Peace!



Peace! nor contrive thy mistress’ ire to rouse!’



Returned the Princess, ‘my tongue shall not cease



Till from this hated match I get a free release.



VIII



‘Ah, beauteous mortal!’ ‘Hush!’ quoth Coralline,



‘Really you must not talk of him, indeed.’



‘You hush!’ replied the mistress, with a shine



Of anger in her eyes, enough to breed



In stouter hearts than nurse’s fear and dread:



’Twas not the glance itself made Nursey flinch,



70

But of its threat she took the utmost heed,



Not liking in her heart an hour-long pinch,



Or a sharp needle run into her back an inch.



IX



So she was silenced, and fair Bellanaine,



Writhing her little body with ennui,



Continued to lament and to complain,



That Fate, cross-purposing should let her be



Ravished away far from her dear countree;



That all her feelings should be set at naught,



In trumping up this match so hastily,



80

With lowland blood; and lowland blood she thought



Poison, as every staunch true-born Imaian ought.



X



Sorely she grieved, and wetted three or four



White Provence rose-leaves with her faery tears,



But not for this cause – alas! she had more



Bad reasons for her sorrow, as appears



In the famed memoirs of a thousand years,



Written by Crafticant, and publishèd



By Parpaglion and Co. (those sly compeers



Who raked up every fact against the dead)



90

In Scarab Street, Panthea, at the Jubal’s Head.



XI



Where, after a long hypercritic howl



Against the vicious manners of the age,



He goes on to expose, with heart and soul,



What vice in this or that year was the rage,



Backbiting all the world in every page;



With special strictures on the horrid crime



(Sectioned and subsectioned with learning sage),



Of faeries stooping on their wings sublime



To kiss a mortal’s lips, when such were in their prime.



XII



100

Turn to the copious index, you will find



Somewhere in the column, headed letter B,



The name of Bellanaine, if you’re not blind;



Then pray refer to the text, and you will see



An article made up of calumny



Against this highland princess, rating her



For giving way, so over-fashionably,



To this new-fangled vice, which seems a burr



Stuck in his moral throat, no coughing e’er could stir.



XIII



There he says plainly that she loved a man!



110

That she around him fluttered, flirted, toyed,



Before her marriage with great Elfinan;



That after marriage too, she never joyed



In husband’s company, but still employed



Her wits to ’scape away to Angle-land;



Where lived the youth, who worried and annoyed



Her tender heart, and its warm ardours fanned



To such a dreadful blaze, her side would scorch her hand.



XIV



But let us leave this idle tittle-tattle



To waiting-maids, and bedroom coteries,



120

Nor till fit time against her fame wage battle.



Poor Elfinan is very ill at ease –



Let us resume his subject if you please:



For it may comfort and console him much



To rhyme and syllable his miseries;



Poor Elfinan! whose cruel fate was such,



He sat and cursed a bride he knew he could not touch.



XV



Soon as (according to his promises)



The bridal embassy had taken wing,



And vanished, bird-like, o’er the suburb trees,



130

The Emperor, empierced with the sharp sting



Of love, retired, vexed and murmuring



Like any drone shut from the fair bee-queen,



Into his cabinet, and there did fling



His limbs upon a sofa, full of spleen,



And damned his House of Commons, in complete chagrin.



XVI



‘I’ll trounce some of the members,’ cried the Prince



‘I’ll put a mark against some rebel names,



I’ll make the Opposition benches wince,



I’ll show them very soon, to all their shames,



140

What ’tis to smother up a Prince’s flames;



That ministers should join in it, I own,



Surprises me! – they too at these high games!



Am I an Emperor? Do I wear a crown?



Imperial Elfinan, go hang thyself or drown!



XVII



‘I’ll trounce ’em! – there’s the square-cut chancellor,



His son shall never touch that bishopric;



And for the nephew of old Palfior,



I’ll show him that his speeches made me sick,



And give the colonelcy to Phalaric;



150

The tip-toe marquis, moral and gallant,



Shall lodge in shabby taverns upon tick;



And for the Speaker’s second cousin’s aunt,



She shan’t be maid of honour – by heaven that she shan’t!



XVIII



‘I’ll shirk the Duke of A.; I’ll cut his brother;



I’ll give no garter to his eldest son;



I won’t speak to his sister or his mother!



The Viscount B. shall live at cut-and-run;



But how in the world can I contrive to stun



That fellow’s voice, which plagues me worse than any,



160

That stubborn fool, that impudent state-dun,



Who sets down every sovereign as a zany –



That vulgar commoner, Esquire Biancopany?



XIX



‘Monstrous affair! Pshaw! pah! what ugly minx



Will they fetch from Imaus for my bride?



Alas! my wearied heart within me sinks,



To think that I must be so near allied



To a cold dullard fay– ah, woe betide!



Ah, fairest of all human loveliness!



Sweet Bertha! what crime can it be to glide



170

About the fragrant pleatings of thy dress,



Or kiss thine eyes, or count thy locks, tress after tress?’



XX



So said, one minute’s while his eyes remained



Half lidded, piteous, languid, innocent;



But, in a wink, their splendour they regained,



Sparkling revenge with amorous fury blent.



Love thwarted in bad temper oft has vent:



He rose, he stamped his foot, he rang the bell,



And ordered, some death-warrants to be sent



For signature – somewhere the tempest fell,



180

As many a poor felon does not live to tell.



XXI



‘At the same time Eban’ (this was his page,



A fay of colour, slave from top to toe,



Sent as a present, while yet under age,



From the Viceroy of Zanguebar – wise, slow,



His speech, his only words were ‘yes’ and ‘no’,



But swift of look, and foot, and wing was he),



‘At the same time, Eban, this instant go



To Hum the soothsayer, whose name I see



Among the fresh arrivals in our empery.



XXII



190

‘Bring Hum to me! But stay – here, take my ring,



The pledge of favour, that he not suspect



Any foul play, or awkward murdering,



Though I have bowstrung many of his sect;



Throw in a hint, that if he should neglect



One hour, the next shall see him in my grasp,



And the next after that shall see him necked,



Or swallowed by my hunger-starvèd asp –



And mention (’tis as well) the torture of the wasp.’



XXIII



These orders given, the Prince, in half a pet,



200

Let o’er the silk his propping elbow slide,



Caught up his little legs, and, in a fret,



Fell on the sofa on his royal side.



The slave retreated backwards, humble-eyed,



And with a slave-like silence closed the door,



And to old Hum through street and alley hied;



He ‘knew the city’, as we say, of yore,



For shortest cuts and turns, was nobody knew more.



XXIV



It was the time when wholesale houses close



Their shutters with a moody sense of wealth,



210

But retail dealers, diligent, let loose



The gas (objected to on score of health),



Conveyed in little soldered pipes by stealth,



And make it flare in many a brilliant form,



That all the powers of darkness it repell’th,



Which to the oil-trade doth great scathe and harm,



And supersedeth quite the use of the glow-worm.



XXV



Eban, untempted by the pastry-cooks



(Of pastry he got store within the palace),



With hasty steps, wrapped cloak, and solemn looks,



220

Incognito upon his errand sallies,



His smelling-bottle ready for the alleys.



He passed the hurdy-gurdies with disdain,



Vowing he’d have them sent on board the galleys;



Just as he made his vow, it ’gan to rain,



Therefore he called a coach, and bade it drive amain.



XXVI



‘I’ll pull the string, said he, and further said,



‘Polluted Jarvey! Ah, thou filthy hack!



Whose springs of life are all dried up and dead,



Whose linsey-woolsey lining hangs all slack,



230

Whose rug is straw, whose wholeness is a crack;



And evermore thy steps go clatter-clitter;



Whose glass once up can never be got back,



Who prov’st, with jolting arguments and bitter,



That ’tis of modern use to travel in a litter.



XXVII



‘Thou inconvenience! thou hungry crop



For all corn! thou snail-creeper to and fro,



Who while thou goest ever seem’st to stop,



And fiddle-faddle standest while you go;



I’ the morning, freighted with a weight of woe,



240

Unto some lazar-house thou journeyest,



And in the evening tak’st a double row



Of dowdies, for some dance or party dressed,



Besides the goods meanwhile thou movest east and west.



XXVIII



‘By thy ungallant bearing and sad mien,



An inch appears the utmost thou couldst budge;



Yet at the slightest nod, or hint, or sign,



Round to the curb-stone patient dost thou trudge,



Schooled in a beckon, learned in a nudge,



A dull-eyed Argus watching for a fare;



250

Quiet and plodding, thou dost bear no grudge



To whisking tilburies, or phaetons rare,



Curricles, or mail-coaches, swift beyond compare.



XXIX



Philosophizing thus, he pulled the check,



And bade the Coachman wheel to such a street,



Who, turning much his body, more his neck,



Louted full low, and hoarsely did him greet:



‘Certes, Monsieur were best take to his feet,



Seeing his servant can no further drive



For press of coaches, that tonight here meet



260

Many as bees about a straw-capped hive,



When first for April honey into faint flowers they dive.’



XXX



Eban then paid his fare, and tip-toe went



To Hum’s hotel; and, as he on did pass



With head inclined, each dusky lineament



Showed in the pearl-paved street as in a glass;



His purple vest, that ever peeping was



Rich from the fluttering crimson of his cloak,



His silvery trousers, and his silken sash



Tied in a burnished knot, their semblance took



270

Upon the mirrored walls, wherever he might look.



XXXI



He smiled at self, and, smiling, showed his teeth,



And seeing his white teeth, he smiled the more;



Lifted his eye-brows, spurned the path beneath,



Showed teeth again, and smiled as heretofore,



Until he knocked at the magician’s door;



Where, till the porter answered, might be seen,



In the clear panel, more he could adore –



His turban wreathed of gold, and white, and green,



Mustachios, ear-ring, nose-ring, and his sabre keen.



XXXII



280

‘Does not your master give a rout tonight?’



Quoth the dark page. ‘Oh, no!’ returned the Swiss,



‘Next door but one to us, upon the right,



The Magazin des Modes now open is



Against the Emperor’s wedding – and, sir, this



My master finds a monstrous horrid bore,



As he retired, an hour ago I wis,



With his best beard and brimstone, to explore



And cast a quiet figure in his second floor.



XXXIII



‘Gad! he’s obliged to stick to business!



290

For chalk, I hear, stands at a pretty price;



And as for aqua-vitae – there’s a mess!



The dentes sapientiae of mice,



Our barber tells me too, are on the rise –



Tinder’s a lighter article – nitre pure



Goes off like lightning – grains of Paradise



At an enormous figure! Stars not sure! –



Zodiac will not move without a sly douceur!



XXXIV



‘Venus won’t stir a peg without a fee,



And master is too partial, entre nous,



300

To –’ ‘Hush – hush!’ cried Eban, ‘sure that is he



Coming down stairs. By St Bartholomew!



As backwards as he can – is’t something new?



Or is’t his custom, in the name of fun?’



‘He always comes down backward, with one shoe’,



Returned the porter, ‘off, and one shoe on,



Like, saving shoe for sock or stocking, my man John!’



XXXV



It was indeed the great Magician,



Feeling, with careful toe, for every stair,



And retrograding careful as he can,



310

Backwards and downwards from his own two pair:



‘Salpietro!’ exclaimed Hum, ‘is the dog there?



He’s always in my way upon the mat!’



‘He’s in the kitchen, or the Lord knows where,’



Replied the Swiss, ‘the nasty, yelping brat!’



‘Don’t beat him!’ returned Hum, and on the floor came pat.



XXXVI



Then facing right about, he saw the Page,



And said: ‘Don’t tell me what you want, Eban;



The Emperor is now in a huge rage –



’Tis nine to one he’ll give you the rattan!



320

Let us away!’ Away together ran



The plain-dressed sage and spangled blackamoor,



Nor rested till they stood to cool, and fan,



And breathe themselves at th’Emperor’s chamber door,



When Eban thought he heard a soft imperial snore.



XXXVII



‘I thought you guessed, foretold, or prophesied,



That’s Majesty was in a raving fit?’



‘He dreams,’ said Hum, ‘or I have ever lied,



That he is tearing you, sir, bit by bit.’



‘He’s not asleep, and you have little wit,’



330

Replied the page, ‘that little buzzing noise,



Whate’er your palmistry may make of it,



Comes from a play-thing of the Emperor’s choice,



From a Man-Tiger-Organ, prettiest of his toys.’



XXXVIII



Eban then ushered in the learned seer:



Elfinan’s back was turned, but, ne’ertheless,



Both, prostrate on the carpet, ear by ear,



Crept silently, and waited in distress,



Knowing the Emperor’s moody bitterness;



Eban especially, who on the floor ’gan



340

Tremble and quake to death – he feared less



A dose of senna-tea or nightmare Gorgon



Than the Emperor when he played on his Man-Tiger-Organ.



XXXIX



They kissed nine times the carpet’s velvet face



Of glossy silk, soft, smooth, and meadow-green,



Where the close eye in deep rich fur might trace



A silver tissue, scantly to be seen,



As daisies lurked in June-grass, buds in treen.



Sudden the music ceased, sudden the hand



Of majesty, by dint of passion keen,



350

Doubled into a common fist, went grand,



And knocked down three cut glasses, and his best inkstand.



XL



Then turning round, he saw those trembling two.



‘Eban,’ said he, ‘as slaves should taste the fruits



Of diligence, I shall remember you



Tomorrow, or the next day, as time suits,



In a finger conversation with my mutes –



Begone! – for you, Chaldean! here remain!



Fear not, quake not, and as good wine recruits



A conjurer’s spirits, what cup will you drain?



360

Sherry in silver, hock in gold, or glassed champagne?’



XLI



‘Commander of the Faithful!’ answered Hum,



‘In preference to these, I’ll merely taste



A thimble-full of old Jamaica rum.’



‘A simple boon!’ said Elfinan, ‘thou mayst



Have Nantz, with which my morning-coffee’s laced.’



‘I’ll have a glass of Nantz, then,’ said the Seer,



‘Made racy (sure my boldness is misplaced!)



With the third part (yet that is drinking dear!)



Of the least drop of crème de citron, crystal clear.’



XLII



370

‘I pledge you, Hum! and pledge my dearest love,



My Bertha!’ ‘Bertha! Bertha!’ cried the sage,



‘I know a many Berthas!’ ‘Mine’s above



All Berthas!’ sighed the Emperor. ‘I engage,’



Said Hum, ‘in duty, and in vassalage,



To mention all the Berthas in the Earth –



There’s Bertha Watson, and Miss Bertha Page,



This famed for languid eyes, and that for mirth –



There’s Bertha Blount of York – and Bertha Knox of Perth.’



XLIII



‘You seem to know –’ ‘I do know,’ answered Hum,



380

‘Your Majesty’s in love with some fine girl



Named Bertha, but her surname will not come,



Without a little conjuring.’ ‘’Tis Pearl,



’Tis Bertha Pearl what makes my brains so whirl;



And she is softer, fairer than her name!’



‘Where does she live?’ asked Hum. ‘Her fair locks curl



So brightly, they put all our fays to shame! –



Live? – O! at Canterbury, with her old grand-dame.’



XLIV



‘Good! good!’ cried Hum, ‘I’ve known her from a child!



She is a changeling of my management.



390

She was born at midnight in an Indian wild;



Her mother’s screams with the striped tiger’s blent,



While the torch-bearing slaves a halloo sent



Into the jungles; and her palanquin,



Rested amid the desert’s dreariment,



Shook with her agony, till fair were seen



The little Bertha’s eyes ope on the stars serene.’



XLV



‘I can’t say,’ said the monarch, ‘that may be



Just as it happened, true or else a bam!



Drink up your brandy, and sit down by me,



400

Feel, feel my pulse, how much in love I am;



And if your science is not all a sham,



Tell me some means to get the lady here.’



‘Upon my honour!’ said the son of Cham,



‘She is my dainty changeling, near and dear,



Although her story sounds at first a little queer.’



XLVI



‘Convey her to me, Hum, or by my crown,



My sceptre, and my cross-surmounted globe,



I’ll knock you’ – ‘Does your majesty mean – down?



No, no, you never could my feelings probe



410

To such a depth!’ The Emperor took his robe,



And wept upon its purple palatine,



While Hum continued, shamming half a sob,



‘In Canterbury doth your lady shine?



But let me cool your brandy with a little wine.’



XLVII



Whereat a narrow Flemish glass he took,



That since belonged to Admiral de Witt,



Admired it with a connoisseuring look,



And with the ripest claret crowned it,



And, ere one lively bead could burst and flit,



420

He turned it quickly, nimbly upside down,



His mouth being held conveniently fit



To save ‘the creature’. ‘Best in all the town!’



He said, smacked his moist lips, and gave a pleasant frown.



XLVIII



‘Ah! good my Prince, weep not!’ And then again



He filled a bumper. ‘Great Sire, do not weep!



Your pulse is shocking, but I’ll ease your pain.’



Fetch me that ottoman, and prithee keep



Your voice low,’ said the Emperor, ‘and steep



Some lady’s-fingers nice in Candy wine;



430

And prithee, Hum, behind the screen do peep



For the rose-water vase, magician mine!



And sponge my forehead – so my love doth make me pine.



XLIX



‘Ah, cursèd Bellanaine!’ ‘Don’t think of her,’



Rejoined the Mago, ‘but on Bertha muse;



For, by my choicest best barometer,



You shall not throttled be in marriage noose.



I’ve said it, Sire; you only have to choose



Bertha or Bellanaine.’ So saying, he drew



From the left pocket of his threadbare hose,



440

A sampler hoarded slyly, good as new,



Holding it by his thumb and finger full in view.



L



Sire, this is Bertha Pearl’s neat handy-work,



Her name, see here, Midsummer, ninety-one.’



Elfinan snatched it with a sudden jerk,



And wept as if he never would have done,



Honouring with royal tears the poor homespun,



Whereon were broidered tigers with black eyes,



And long-tailed pheasants, and a rising sun,



Plenty of posies, great stags, butterflies



450

Bigger than stags, a moon – with other mysteries.



LI



The monarch handled o’er and o’er again



These day-school hieroglyphics with a sigh;



Somewhat in sadness, but pleased in the main,



Till this oracular couplet met his eye



Astounded: Cupid I – do thee defy!



It was too much. He shrunk back in his chair,



Grew pale as death, and fainted – very nigh!



‘Pho! nonsense!’ exclaimed Hum, ‘now don’t despair;



She does not mean it really. Cheer up, hearty – there!



LII



460

‘And listen to my words. You say you won’t,



On any terms, marry Miss Bellanaine;



It goes against your conscience – good! Well, don’t.



You say you love a mortal. I would fain



Persuade your honour’s Highness to refrain



From peccadilloes. But, Sire, as I say,



What good would that do? And, to be more plain,



You would do me a mischief some odd day,



Cut off my ears and hands, or head too, by my fay!



LIII



‘Besides, manners forbid that I should pass any



470

Vile strictures on the conduct of a prince



Who should indulge his genius, if he has any,



Not, like a subject, foolish matters mince.



Now I think on’t, perhaps I could convince



Your Majesty there is no crime at all



In loving pretty little Bertha, since



She’s very delicate – not over tall –



A faery’s hand, and in the waist, why – very small.’



LIV



‘Ring the repeater, gentle Hum!’ ‘’Tis five,’



Said gentle Hum, ‘the nights draw in apace;



480

The little birds I hear are all alive;



I see the dawning touched upon your face;



Shall I put out the candles, please your Grace?’



‘Do put them out, and, without more ado,



Tell me how I may that sweet girl embrace –



How you can bring her to me.’ ‘That’s for you,



Great Emperor! to adventure, like a lover true.’



LV



‘I fetch her!’ – ‘Yes, an’t like your Majesty;



And as she would be frightened wide awake



To travel such a distance through the sky,



490

Use of some soft manoeuvre you must make,



For your convenience, and her dear nerves’ sake.



Nice way would be to bring her in a swoon,



Anon, I’ll tell what course were best to take;



You must away this morning.’ ‘Hum! so soon?’



‘Sire, you must be in Kent by twelve o’clock at noon.’



LVI



At this great Caesar started on his feet,



Lifted his wings, and stood attentive-wise.



‘Those wings to Canterbury you must beat,



If you hold Bertha as a worthy prize.



500

Look in the Almanack – Moore never lies –



April the twenty-fourth, this coming day,



Now breathing its new bloom upon the skies,



Will end in St Mark’s Eve – you must away,



For on that eve alone can you the maid convey.’



LVII



Then the magician solemnly ’gan frown,



So that his frost-white eyebrows, beetling low,



Shaded his deep-green eyes, and wrinkles brown



Plaited upon his furnace-scorchèd brow:



Forth from his hood that hung his neck below,



510

He lifted a bright casket of pure gold,



Touched a spring-lock, and there in wool, or snow



Charmed into ever-freezing, lay an old



And legend-leavèd book, mysterious to behold.



LVIII



‘Take this same book, – it will not bite you, Sire –



There, put it underneath your royal arm;



Though it’s a pretty weight it will not tire,



But rather on your journey keep you warm.



This is the magic, this the potent charm,



That shall drive Bertha to a fainting fit!



520

When the time comes, don’t feel the least alarm,



Uplift her from the ground, and swiftly flit



Back to your palace, where I wait for guerdon fit.’



LIX



‘What shall I do with that same book?’ ‘Why merely



Lay it on Bertha’s table, close beside



Her work-box, and ’twill help your purpose dearly.



I say no more.’ ‘Or good or ill betide,



Through the wide air to Kent this morn I glide!’



Exclaimed the Emperor. ‘When I return,



Ask what you will – I’ll give you my new bride!



530

And take some more wine, Hum – O Heavens! I burn



To be upon the wing! Now, now, that minx I spurn!’



LX



‘Leave her to me,’ rejoined the magian,



‘But how shall I account, illustrious fay!



For thine imperial absence? Pho! I can



Say you are very sick, and bar the way



To your so loving courtiers for one day;



If either of their two Archbishops’ graces



Should talk of extreme unction, I shall say



You do not like cold pig with Latin phrases,



540

Which never should be used but in alarming cases.’



LXI



‘Open the window, Hum; I’m ready now!’



‘Zooks!’ exclaimed Hum, as up the sash he drew,



‘Behold, your Majesty, upon the brow



Of yonder hill, what crowds of people!’ ‘Whew!



The monster’s always after something new,’



Returned his Highness, ‘they are piping hot



To see my pigsney Bellanaine. Hum! do



Tighten my belt a little – so, so – not



Too tight. The book! – my wand! – so, nothing is forgot.’



LXII



550

‘Wounds! how they shout!’ said Hum, ‘and there, – see, see!



The Ambassador’s returned from Pigmio!



The morning’s very fine – uncommonly!



See, past the skirts of yon white cloud they go,



Tinging it with soft crimsons! Now below



The sable-pointed heads of firs and pines



They dip, move on, and with them moves a glow



Along the forest side! Now amber lines



Reach the hill top, and now throughout the valley shines.’



LXIII



‘Why, Hum, you’re getting quite poetical!



560

Those nows you managed in a special style.’



‘If ever you have leisure, Sire, you shall



See scraps of mine will make it worth your while,



Tit-bits for Phoebus! – yes, you well may smile.



Hark! Hark! the bells!’ ‘A little further yet,



Good Hum, and let me view this mighty coil.’



Then the great Emperor full graceful set



His elbow for a prop, and snuffed his mignonette.



LXIV



The morn is full of holiday: loud bells



With rival clamours ring from every spire;



570

Cunningly-stationed music dies and swells



In echoing places; when the winds respire,



Light flags stream out like gauzy tongues of fire;



A metropolitan murmur, lifeful, warm,



Comes from the northern suburbs; rich attire



Freckles with red and gold the moving swarm;



While here and there clear trumpets blow a keen alarm.



LXV



And now the faery escort was seen clear,



Like the old pageant of Aurora’s train,



Above a pearl-built minster, hovering near:



580

First wily Crafticant, the chamberlain,



Balanced upon his grey-grown pinions twain,



His slender wand officially revealed;



Then black gnomes scattering sixpences like rain;



Then pages three and three; and next, slave-held,



The Imaian ’scutcheon bright – one mouse in argent field.



LXVI



Gentlemen pensioners next; and after them,



A troop of wingèd Janizaries flew;



Then slaves, as presents bearing many a gem;



Then twelve physicians fluttering two and two;



590

And next a chaplain in a cassock new;



Then Lords in waiting; then (what head not reels



For pleasure?) the fair Princess in full view,



Borne upon wings – and very pleased she feels



To have such splendour dance attendance at her heels.



LXVII



For there was more magnificence behind.



She waved her handkerchief. ‘Ah, very grand!’



Cried Elfinan, and closed the window-blind.



‘And, Hum, we must not shilly-shally stand –



Adieu! adieu! I’m off for Angle-land!



600

I say, old Hocus, have you such a thing



About you – feel your pockets, I command –



I want, this instant, an invisible ring –



Thank you, old mummy! Now securely I take wing.’



LXVIII



Then Elfinan swift vaulted from the floor,



And lighted graceful on the window-sill;



Under one arm the magic book he bore,



The other he could wave about at will;



Pale was his face, he still looked very ill.



He bowed at Bellanaine, and said, ‘Poor Bell!



610

Farewell! farewell! and if for ever! still



For ever fare thee well!’ – and then he fell



A-laughing! – snapped his fingers! – shame it is to tell!



LXIX



‘By’r Lady! he is gone!’ cries Hum, ‘and I



(I own it) have made too free with his wine;



Old Crafticant will smoke me by the bye!



This room is full of jewels as a mine –



Dear valuable creatures, how ye shine!



Sometime today I must contrive a minute,



If Mercury propitiously incline,



620

To examine his scrutoire, and see what’s in it,



For of superfluous diamonds I as well may thin it.



LXX



‘The Emperor’s horrid bad – yes, that’s my cue!’



Some histories say that this was Hum’s last speech;



That, being fuddled, he went reeling through



The corridor, and scarce upright could reach



The stair-head; that being glutted as a leech,



And used, as we ourselves have just now said,



To manage stairs reversely, like a peach



Too ripe, he fell, being puzzled in his head



630

With liquor and the staircase: verdict – found stone dead.



LXXI



This as a falsehood Crafticanto treats;



And as his style is of strange elegance,



Gentle and tender, full of soft conceits



(Much like our Boswell’s) we will take a glance



At his sweet prose, and, if we can, make dance



His woven periods into careless rhyme.



O, little faery Pegasus! rear – prance –



Trot round the quarto – ordinary time!



March, little Pegasus, with pawing hoof sublime!



LXXII



640

Well, let us see – tenth book and chapter nine –



Thus Crafticant pursues his diary:



‘’Twas twelve o’clock at night, the weather fine,



Latitude thirty-six; our scouts descry



A flight of starlings making rapidly



Toward Tibet. Mem. – birds fly in the night;



From twelve to half-past – wings not fit to fly



For a thick fog – the Princess sulky quite



Called for an extra shawl, and gave her nurse a bite.



LXXIII



‘Five minutes before one – brought down a moth



650

With my new double-barrel – stewed the thighs



And made a very tolerable broth –



Princess turned dainty; to our great surprise,



Altered her mind, and thought it very nice.



Seeing her pleasant, tried her with a pun,



She frowned. A monstrous owl across us flies



About this time – a sad old figure of fun;



Bad omen – this new match can’t be a happy one.



LXXIV



‘From two to half-past, dusky way we made,



Above the plains of Gobi – desert, bleak;



660

Beheld afar off, in the hooded shade



Of darkness, a great mountain (strange to speak)



Spitting, from forth its sulphur-baken peak,



A fan-shaped burst of blood-red, arrowy fire,



Turbaned with smoke, which still away did reek,



Solid and black from that eternal pyre,



Upon the laden winds that scantly could respire.



LXXV



‘Just upon three o’clock a falling star



Created an alarm among our troop,



Killed a man-cook, a page, and broke a jar,



670

A tureen, and three dishes, at one swoop,



Then passing by the Princess, singed her hoop.



Could not conceive what Coralline was at –



She clapped her hands three times and cried out “Whoop!”



Some strange Imaian custom. A large bat



Came sudden ’fore my face, and brushed against my hat.



LXXVI



‘Five minutes thirteen seconds after three,



Far in the west a mighty fire broke out.



Conjectured, on the instant, it might be



The city of Balk – ’twas Balk beyond all doubt.



680

A griffin, wheeling here and there about,



Kept reconnoitring us – doubled our guard –



Lighted our torches, and kept up a shout,



Till he sheered off – the Princess very scared –



And many on their marrowbones for death prepared.



LXXVII



‘At half-past three arose the cheerful moon –



Bivouacked for four minutes on a cloud –



Where from the earth we heard a lively tune



Of tambourines and pipes, serene and loud,



While on a flowery lawn a brilliant crowd



690

Cinque-parted danced, some half-asleep reposed



Beneath the green-faned cedars, some did shroud



In silken tents, and ’mid light fragrance dozed,



Or on the open turf their soothèd eyelids closed.



LXXVIII



‘Dropped my gold watch, and killed a kettledrum –



It went for apoplexy – foolish folks! –



Left it to pay the piper – a good sum



(I’ve got a conscience, maugre people’s jokes).



To scrape a little favour ’gan to coax



Her Highness’ pug-dog – got a sharp rebuff.



700

She wished a game at whist – made three revokes –



Turned from myself, her partner, in a huff.



His Majesty will know her temper time enough.



LXXIX



‘She cried for chess – I played a game with her.



Castled her king with such a vixen look,



It bodes ill to his Majesty (refer



To the second chapter of my fortieth book,



And see what hoity-toity airs she took).



At half-past four the morn essayed to beam –



Saluted, as we passed, an early rook –



710

The Princess fell asleep, and, in her dream,



Talked of one Master Hubert, deep in her esteem.



LXXX



‘About this time, making delightful way,



Shed a quill-feather from my larboard wing –



Wished, trusted, hoped ’twas no sign of decay –



Thank heaven, I’m hearty yet! – ’twas no such thing.



At five the golden light began to spring,



With fiery shudder through the bloomèd east.



At six we heard Panthea’s churches ring –



The city all her unhived swarms had cast,



720

To watch our grand approach, and hail us as we passed.



LXXXI



‘As flowers turn their faces to the sun,



So on our flight with hungry eyes they gaze,



And, as we shaped our course, this, that way run,



With mad-cap pleasure, or hand-clasped amaze.



Sweet in the air a mild-toned music plays,



And progresses through its own labyrinth.



Buds gathered from the green spring’s middle-days,



They scattered – daisy, primrose, hyacinth –



Or round white columns wreathed from capital to plinth.



LXXXII



730

‘Onward we floated o’er the panting streets,



That seemed throughout with upheld faces paved.



Look where we will, our bird’s-eye vision meets



Legions of holiday; bright standards waved,



And fluttering ensigns emulously craved



Our minute’s glance; a busy thunderous roar,



From square to square, among the buildings raved,



As when the sea, at flow, gluts up once more



The craggy hollowness of a wild reefèd shore.



LXXXIII



‘And “Bellanaine for ever!” shouted they,



740

While that fair Princess, from her wingèd chair,



Bowed low with high demeanour, and, to pay



Their new-blown loyalty with guerdon fair,



Still emptied, at meet distance, here and there,



A plenty horn of jewels. And here I



(Who wish to give the devil her due) declare



Against that ugly piece of calumny,



Which calls them Highland pebble-stones not worth a fly.



LXXXIV



‘Still “Bellanaine!” they shouted, while we glide



‘Slant to a light Ionic portico,



750

The city’s delicacy, and the pride



Of our Imperial Basilic. A row



Of lords and ladies, on each hand, make show



Submissive of knee-bent obeisance,



All down the steps; and, as we entered, lo!



The strangest sight – the most unlooked-for chance –



All things turned topsy-turvy in a devil’s dance.



LXXXV



‘’Stead of his anxious Majesty and court



At the open doors, with wide saluting eyes,



Congées and scapegraces of every sort,



760

And all the smooth routine of gallantries,



Was seen, to our immoderate surprise,



A motley crowd thick gathered in the hall,



Lords, scullions, deputy-scullions, with wild cries



Stunning the vestibule from wall to wall,



Where the Chief Justice on his knees and hands doth crawl.



LXXXVI



‘Counts of the palace, and the state purveyor



Of moth’s-down, to make soft the royal beds,



The Common Council and my fool Lord Mayor



Marching a-row, each other slipshod treads;



770

Powdered bag-wigs and ruffy-tuffy heads



Of cinder wenches meet and soil each other;



Toe crushed with heel ill-natured fighting breeds,



Frill-rumpling elbows brew up many a bother,



And fists in the short ribs keep up the yell and pother.



LXXXVII



‘A Poet, mounted on the Court-Clown’s back,



Rode to the Princess swift with spurring heels,



And close into her face, with rhyming clack,



Began a Prothalamion – she reels,



She falls, she faints! while laughter peals



780

Over her woman’s weakness. “Where!” cried I,



“Where is his Majesty?” No person feels



Inclined to answer; wherefore instantly



I plunged into the crowd to find him or to die.



LXXXVIII



‘Jostling my way I gained the stairs, and ran



To the first landing, where, incredible!



I met, far gone in liquor, that old man,



That vile impostor Hum – ’



So far so well,



For we have proved the Mago never fell



Down stairs on Crafticanto’s evidence;



790

And therefore duly shall proceed to tell,



Plain in our own original mood and tense,



The sequel of this day, though labour ’tis immense!



LXXXIX



Now Hum, new fledged with high authority,



Came forth to quell the hubbub in the hall….





To Fanny


I



Physician Nature! let my spirit blood!



O ease my heart of verse and let me rest;



Throw me upon thy tripod till the flood



Of stifling numbers ebbs from my full breast.



A theme! a theme! Great Nature! give a theme;



Let me begin my dream.



I come – I see thee, as thou standest there,



Beckon me out into the wintry air.



II



Ah! dearest love, sweet home of all my fears,



10

And hopes, and joys, and panting miseries,



Tonight, if I may guess, thy beauty wears



A smile of such delight,



As brilliant and as bright,



As when with ravished, aching, vassal eyes,



Lost in a soft amaze,



I gaze, I gaze!



III



Who now, with greedy looks, eats up my feast?



What stare outfaces now my silver moon!



Ah! keep that hand unravished at the least;



20

Let, let, the amorous burn –



But, prithee, do not turn



The current of your heart from me so soon.



O save, in charity,



The quickest pulse for me!



IV



Save it for me, sweet love! though music breathe



Voluptuous visions into the warm air,



Though swimming through the dance’s dangerous wreath,



Be like an April day,



Smiling and cold and gay,



30

A temperate lily, temperate as fair;



Then, Heaven! there will be



A warmer June for me.



V



Why, this – you’ll say, my Fanny! – is not true:



Put your soft hand upon your snowy side,



Where the heart beats; confess – ’tis nothing new –



Must not a woman be



A feather on the sea,



Swayed to and fro by every wind and tide?



Of as uncertain speed



40

As blow-ball from the mead?



VI



I know it – and to know it is despair



To one who loves you as I love, sweet Fanny!



Whose heart goes fluttering for you everywhere,



Nor, when away you roam,



Dare keep its wretched home.



Love, Love alone, has pains severe and many:



Then, loveliest! keep me free



From torturing jealousy.



VII



Ah! if you prize my subdued soul above



50

The poor, the fading, brief, pride of an hour,



Let none profane my Holy See of Love,



Or with a rude hand break



The sacramental cake;



Let none else touch the just new-budded flower;



If not – may my eyes close,



Love! on their last repose.





‘In after-time, a sage of mickle lore’


In after-time, a sage of mickle lore



Y-cleped Typographus, the Giant took,



And did refit his limbs as heretofore,



And made him read in many a learned book,



And into many a lively legend look;



Thereby in goodly themes so training him,



That all his brutishness he quite forsook,



When, meeting Artegall and Talus grim,



The one he struck stone-blind, the other’s eyes wox dim.





Three Undated Fragments


I



I am as brisk



As a bottle of whisk –



Ey and as nimble



As a milliner’s thimble.



II



O grant that like to Peter I



May like to Peter B,



And tell me, lovely Jesus, Y



This Peter went to C.



O grant that like to Peter I



May like to Peter B,



And tell me, lovely Jesus, Y



Old Jonah went to C.



III



They weren fully glad of their gude hap



And tasten all the pleasaunces of joy.





Doubtful Attributions



‘See, the ship in the bay is riding’


See, the ship in the bay is riding,



Dearest Ellen, I go from thee –



Boldly go, in thy love confiding,



Over the deep and trackless sea:



When thy dear form no longer is near me,



This soothing thought shall at midnight cheer me:



‘My love is breathing a prayer for me’.



When the thunder of war is roaring,



When the bullets around me fly,



10

When the rage of the tempest pouring,



Blends the billowy sea and sky,



Yet shall my heart, to fear a stranger,



Cherish its fondest hopes for thee –



This dear reflection disarming danger,



‘My love is breathing a prayer for me’.





The Poet


At morn, at noon, at eve, and middle night,



He passes forth into the charmèd air,



With talisman to call up spirits rare



From plant, cave, rock, and fountain. To his sight



The husk of natural objects opens quite



To the core, and every secret essence there



Reveals the elements of good and fair,



Making him see, where Learning hath no light.



Sometimes above the gross and palpable things



10

Of this diurnal sphere, his spirit flies



On awful wing; and with its destined skies



Holds premature and mystic communings;



Till such unearthly intercourses shed



A visible halo round his mortal head.





Gripus


GRIPUS And gold and silver are but filthy dross.



Then seek not gold and silver which are dross,



But rather lay thy treasure up in heaven! –



SLIM Hem!



GRIPUS And thou has meat and drink and lodging too



And clothing too, what more can man require?



And thou art single –



But I must lay up money for my children,



My children’s children and my great-grandchildren;



For, Slim! thy master will be shortly married –



SLIM Married!



10

GRIPUS Yea! married. Wherefore dost thou stare,



As though my words had spoke of aught impossible?



SLIM My lord, I stare not but my ears played false.



Methought you had said married.



GRIPUS Married, fool!



Is’t aught unlikely? I’m not very old,



And my intended has a noble fortune.



SLIM My lord ’tis likely.



GRIPUS Haste, then, to the butchers,



And ere thou go, tell Bridget she is wanted –



[Exit]



SLIM I go – Gods! what a subject for an ode.



With Hymen, Cupids, Venus, Loves and Graces!



20

GRIPUS [solus] This matrimony is no light affair;



’Tis downright venture and mere speculation.



Less risk there is in what the merchant trusts



To winds and waves and the uncertain elements –



For he can have assurance for his goods



And put himself beyond the reach of losses –



But who can e’er ensure to me a wife



Industrious and managing and frugal,



Who will not spend far more than she has brought,



But be almost a saving to her husband? –



30

But none can tell – the broker cannot tell



He is not cheated in the wares he buys,



And to judge well of women or the seas



Would oft surpass the wisest merchant’s prudence;



For both are deep alike – capricious too –



And the worst things that money can be sunk in.



But Bridget comes –



BRIDGET Your pleasure, Sir, with me?



GRIPUS Bridget, I wish to have a little converse



Upon a matter that concerns us both



Of like importance both to thee and me.



40

BRIDGET Of like importance and concerning both!



What can your Honour have to say to me?



[aside] O lord! I would give all that I am worth



To know what ’tis –



GRIPUS Then prithee rein thy tongue



That ever battles with thine own impatience.



But to the point. Thou knowst, for twenty years



Together we have lived as man and wife,



But never hath the sanction of the Church



Stamped its legality upon our union.



BRIDGET Well, what of that?



GRIPUS Why, when in wiser years



50

Men look upon the follies of their youth,



They oft repent, and wish to make amends,



And seek for happier in more virtuous days.



In such a case, and such is mine I own,



’Tis marriage offers us the readiest way



To make atonement for our former deeds.



And thus have I determined in my heart



To make amends – in other words to marry.



BRIDGET O Lord! how overjoyed I am to hear it!



I vow that I have often thought myself,



60

What wickedness it was to live as we did!



But do you joke?



GRIPUS Not so upon my oath.



I am resolved to marry and beget



A little heir to leave my little wealth to.



I am not old, my hair is hardly grey,



My health is good – what hast thou to object?



BRIDGET O dear! how close your honour puts the question!



I’ve said as much already as was fit



And incompatible with female modesty –



But would your honour please to name a day?



70

GRIPUS To name a day! But hark! I hear a knock –



’Tis perhaps young Prodigal, I did expect him.



BRIDGET But Sir – a day?



GRIPUS Zounds! dost thou hear the bell?



Wilt thou not run? He was to bring me money!



[Exit BRIDGET and returns]



BRIDGET ’Tis he, I’ve shown him to the little study.



GRIPUS Then stay thee here, and when I’ve settled him



I will return and hold more converse with thee.



[Exit]



BRIDGET [sola] My head runs round! O, what a happy change!



Now I shall be another woman quite.



Dame Bridget, then, adieu! and don’t forget



80

Your Lady Gripus now that is to be;



Great Lady Gripus – O Lord! –



The Lady of the old and rich Sir Gripus!



O how will people whisper, as I pass,



‘There goes my Lady’ – ‘What a handsome gownd,



All scarlet silk embroidered with gold!’



Or green and gold will perhaps become me better –



How vastly fine, how handsome I shall be



In green and gold! Besides, a lady too!



I’ll have a footman too, to walk behind me.



90

Slim is too slender to set off a livery,



I must have one more lustier than him,



A proper man to walk behind his lady.



O how genteel! methinks I see myself



In green and gold and carrying my fan –



Or perhaps I’d have a redicule about me!



The lusty footman all so spruce behind me



Walking on tip-toes in a bran new livery;



And he shall have a favour in his hat



As sure as ever I am Lady Gripus!



[Enter SLIM]



100

SLIM Why how now, Bridget, you’re turned actress sure!



BRIDGET An actor, fellow, no! To something better,



To something grander and more ladylike,



Know I am turned!



SLIM	A lunatic, ’tis plain.



But, lovee, leave this jesting for a while,



And hear thy servant, who thus pleads for favour.



BRIDGET For favour Sirrah! But I must be kind,



I will forget your insolence this once,



And condescend to keep you in my service.



But no! I want a much more lustier man,



110

You are too slender to become my livery



I must excard you, you must suit yourself!



SLIM Why, how now, Bridget –



BRIDGET You forget me, sure!



Ah! no,



I love you so



No language can impart!



Alas! ’tis love that makes me thin,



I have a fiery flame within,



120

That burns and shrivels up my skin –



’Tis Cupid’s little dart,



And by this kiss I swear –



[Attempts to kiss her]



SLIM Forget thee, Bridget? Never from my heart



Shall thy dear image part.



BRIDGET Ruffin, begone, or I will tell my lord.



Do you not care for difference of rank,



Nor make distinction between dirt and dignity?



SLIM Why, Bridget, once you did not treat me thus.



BRIDGET No, times are altered, Fortunes wheel is turned,



You still are Slim, but, though I once was Bridget,



I’m Lady Gripus now that is to be.



130

Did not his Honour tell you he should marry?



SLIM Yea, to a lady of an ample fortune.



BRIDGET Why, that, you fool, he said in allegolly.



A virtuous woman, is she not a crown,



A crown of gold and glory to her husband?



SLIM Heavens is it possible? I pray forgive me



That I could doubt a moment of that fortune



Which is but due to your assembled merits.



BRIDGET Well, Slim, I do not wish to harbour malice,



But while you show a proper due respect



140

You may be certain of my condescension.



But hark! I hear his lordship on the stairs,



And we must have some privacy together. [Exit SLIM]



O lord, how overjoyed I am your honour –



GRIPUS Bridget, I thank thee for thy friendly zeal,



That seems to glory in thy master’s bliss;



And much it grieves me that I can’t requite it



Except by mere reciprocal good-wishes.



For as a change in my domestic government



Will make thy place in future but a sinecure,



150

It grieves me much that I must warn you thus



To seek and get a situation elsewhere.



[Faints]



BRIDGET O dear! O lord! O what a shock! O lord!



GRIPUS Ho! Slim – the devil’s in the fool, to faint.



Halloo! – What shall I do? Halloo! Halloo!



Ho! Slim, I say – run, Sirrah, for the brandy!



SLIM The brandy, Sir? there is none in the house!



[Lets BRIDGET fall and collars SLIM]



GRIPUS No brandy! None! What, none at all, thou knave?



What, none at all? Then rascal thou hast drunk it.



Why Bridget, Bridget – what, no brandy, knave?



160

Zounds! what a fit! Where is my brandy, wretch!



Thou toping villain, say, or I will slay thee!



SLIM O lord! Forgive me, Bridget had the wind,



And drank the brandy up to warm her stomach.



[BRIDGET jumps up]



GRIPUS A tipsy Bacchanal! Then let her lie!



I’ll not be drunken out of house and home.



Zounds! brandy for the wind – a cure indeed!



A little water had done just as well.



This is the way, then, when I want a drop;



I always find my cellar is stark naked.



170

But both shall go, yes, I discard ye. Thieves!



Begone, ye thieves!



BRIDGET No, not without my wages!



I’ll have a month’s full wages or my warning!



I’ll not be left at nonplush for a place.



GRIPUS A month’s full warning! What, another month,



To sack, to ransack, and to strip the house,



And then depart in triumph with your booty!



Begone, I say!



BRIDGET No, not without my wages!



And I’ll have damages, you cruel man!



I will convict you of a breach of marriage!



180

GRIPUS Begone, I say! Deceitful thing! begone –



Who ever dared to promise such a match



But thy own fancy, and thy lying tongue?



What, marry one as poor as a church mouse,



And equally devoid of rank and beauty!



Reason would sleep and prudence would be blind,



And Gripus then would be no longer Gripus,



But only fitting for more sober men



To lodge in Bedlam and to call a lunatic.















