Mrs. Dalloway
Virginia Woolf
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
For Lucy had her work cut out for her.  The doors would be taken
off their hinges; Rumpelmayer's men were coming.  And then, thought
Clarissa Dalloway, what a morning--fresh as if issued to children
on a beach.
What a lark!  What a plunge!  For so it had always seemed to her,
when, with a little squeak of the hinges, which she could hear now,
she had burst open the French windows and plunged at Bourton into
the open air.  How fresh, how calm, stiller than this of course,
the air was in the early morning; like the flap of a wave; the kiss
of a wave; chill and sharp and yet (for a girl of eighteen as she
then was) solemn, feeling as she did, standing there at the open
window, that something awful was about to happen; looking at the
flowers, at the trees with the smoke winding off them and the rooks
rising, falling; standing and looking until Peter Walsh said,
"Musing among the vegetables?"--was that it?--"I prefer men to
cauliflowers"--was that it?  He must have said it at breakfast one
morning when she had gone out on to the terrace--Peter Walsh.  He
would be back from India one of these days, June or July, she
forgot which, for his letters were awfully dull; it was his sayings
one remembered; his eyes, his pocket-knife, his smile, his
grumpiness and, when millions of things had utterly vanished--how
strange it was!--a few sayings like this about cabbages.
She stiffened a little on the kerb, waiting for Durtnall's van to
pass.  A charming woman, Scrope Purvis thought her (knowing her as
one does know people who live next door to one in Westminster); a
touch of the bird about her, of the jay, blue-green, light,
vivacious, though she was over fifty, and grown very white since
her illness.  There she perched, never seeing him, waiting to
cross, very upright.
For having lived in Westminster--how many years now? over twenty,--
one feels even in the midst of the traffic, or waking at night,
Clarissa was positive, a particular hush, or solemnity; an
indescribable pause; a suspense (but that might be her heart,
affected, they said, by influenza) before Big Ben strikes.  There!
Out it boomed.  First a warning, musical; then the hour,
irrevocable.  The leaden circles dissolved in the air.  Such fools
we are, she thought, crossing Victoria Street.  For Heaven only
knows why one loves it so, how one sees it so, making it up,
building it round one, tumbling it, creating it every moment
afresh; but the veriest frumps, the most dejected of miseries
sitting on doorsteps (drink their downfall) do the same; can't be
dealt with, she felt positive, by Acts of Parliament for that very
reason: they love life.  In people's eyes, in the swing, tramp, and
trudge; in the bellow and the uproar; the carriages, motor cars,
omnibuses, vans, sandwich men shuffling and swinging; brass bands;
barrel organs; in the triumph and the jingle and the strange high
singing of some aeroplane overhead was what she loved; life;
London; this moment of June.
For it was the middle of June.  The War was over, except for some
one like Mrs. Foxcroft at the Embassy last night eating her heart
out because that nice boy was killed and now the old Manor House
must go to a cousin; or Lady Bexborough who opened a bazaar, they
said, with the telegram in her hand, John, her favourite, killed;
but it was over; thank Heaven--over.  It was June.  The King and
Queen were at the Palace.  And everywhere, though it was still so
early, there was a beating, a stirring of galloping ponies, tapping
of cricket bats; Lords, Ascot, Ranelagh and all the rest of it;
wrapped in the soft mesh of the grey-blue morning air, which, as
the day wore on, would unwind them, and set down on their lawns and
pitches the bouncing ponies, whose forefeet just struck the ground
and up they sprung, the whirling young men, and laughing girls in
their transparent muslins who, even now, after dancing all night,
were taking their absurd woolly dogs for a run; and even now, at
this hour, discreet old dowagers were shooting out in their motor
cars on errands of mystery; and the shopkeepers were fidgeting in
their windows with their paste and diamonds, their lovely old sea-
green brooches in eighteenth-century settings to tempt Americans
(but one must economise, not buy things rashly for Elizabeth), and
she, too, loving it as she did with an absurd and faithful passion,
being part of it, since her people were courtiers once in the time
of the Georges, she, too, was going that very night to kindle and
illuminate; to give her party.  But how strange, on entering the
Park, the silence; the mist; the hum; the slow-swimming happy
ducks; the pouched birds waddling; and who should be coming along
with his back against the Government buildings, most appropriately,
carrying a despatch box stamped with the Royal Arms, who but Hugh
Whitbread; her old friend Hugh--the admirable Hugh!
"Good-morning to you, Clarissa!" said Hugh, rather extravagantly,
for they had known each other as children.  "Where are you off to?"
"I love walking in London," said Mrs. Dalloway.  "Really it's
better than walking in the country."
They had just come up--unfortunately--to see doctors.  Other people
came to see pictures; go to the opera; take their daughters out;
the Whitbreads came "to see doctors."  Times without number
Clarissa had visited Evelyn Whitbread in a nursing home.  Was
Evelyn ill again?  Evelyn was a good deal out of sorts, said Hugh,
intimating by a kind of pout or swell of his very well-covered,
manly, extremely handsome, perfectly upholstered body (he was
almost too well dressed always, but presumably had to be, with his
little job at Court) that his wife had some internal ailment,
nothing serious, which, as an old friend, Clarissa Dalloway would
quite understand without requiring him to specify.  Ah yes, she did
of course; what a nuisance; and felt very sisterly and oddly
conscious at the same time of her hat.  Not the right hat for the
early morning, was that it?  For Hugh always made her feel, as he
bustled on, raising his hat rather extravagantly and assuring her
that she might be a girl of eighteen, and of course he was coming
to her party to-night, Evelyn absolutely insisted, only a little
late he might be after the party at the Palace to which he had to
take one of Jim's boys,--she always felt a little skimpy beside
Hugh; schoolgirlish; but attached to him, partly from having known
him always, but she did think him a good sort in his own way,
though Richard was nearly driven mad by him, and as for Peter
Walsh, he had never to this day forgiven her for liking him.
She could remember scene after scene at Bourton--Peter furious;
Hugh not, of course, his match in any way, but still not a positive
imbecile as Peter made out; not a mere barber's block.  When his
old mother wanted him to give up shooting or to take her to Bath he
did it, without a word; he was really unselfish, and as for saying,
as Peter did, that he had no heart, no brain, nothing but the
manners and breeding of an English gentleman, that was only her
dear Peter at his worst; and he could be intolerable; he could be
impossible; but adorable to walk with on a morning like this.
(June had drawn out every leaf on the trees.  The mothers of
Pimlico gave suck to their young.  Messages were passing from the
Fleet to the Admiralty.  Arlington Street and Piccadilly seemed to
chafe the very air in the Park and lift its leaves hotly,
brilliantly, on waves of that divine vitality which Clarissa loved.
To dance, to ride, she had adored all that.)
For they might be parted for hundreds of years, she and Peter; she
never wrote a letter and his were dry sticks; but suddenly it would
come over her, If he were with me now what would he say?--some
days, some sights bringing him back to her calmly, without the old
bitterness; which perhaps was the reward of having cared for
people; they came back in the middle of St. James's Park on a fine
