THE SONNETS
SHAKESPEARE

Sonnet 1


From fairest creatures we desire increase,



That thereby beauty’s rose might never die,



But as the riper should by time decease,



His tender heir might bear his memory:

4



But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,



Feed’st thy light’s flame with self-substantial fuel,



Making a famine where abundance lies,



Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel.

8



Thou that art now the world’s fresh ornament,



And only herald to the gaudy spring,



Within thine own bud buriest thy content,



And, tender churl, mak’st waste in niggarding:

12



Pity the world, or else this glutton be,



To eat the world’s due, by the grave and thee.

Sonnet 2

When forty winters shall besiege thy brow,



And dig deep trenches in thy beauty’s field,



Thy youth’s proud livery so gazed on now



Will be a tottered weed of small worth held:

4



Then being asked, where all thy beauty lies,



Where all the treasure of thy lusty days,



To say within thine own deep-sunken eyes



Were an all-eating shame, and thriftless praise.

8



How much more praise deserved thy beauty’s use,



If thou couldst answer, ‘This fair child of mine



Shall sum my count, and make my old excuse’,



Proving his beauty by succession thine.

12



This were to be new made when thou art old,



And see thy blood warm when thou feel’st it cold.

Sonnet 3

Look in thy glass and tell the face thou viewest,



Now is the time that face should form another,



Whose fresh repair if now thou not renewest,



Thou dost beguile the world, unbless some mother.

4



For where is she so fair whose uneared womb



Disdains the tillage of thy husbandry?



Or who is he so fond will be the tomb



Of his self-love to stop posterity?

8



Thou art thy mother’s glass, and she in thee



Calls back the lovely April of her prime;



So thou through windows of thine age shalt see,



Despite of wrinkles, this thy golden time.

12



But if thou live rememb’red not to be,



Die single, and thine image dies with thee.


Sonnet 4

Unthrifty loveliness, why dost thou spend



Upon thyself thy beauty’s legacy?



Nature’s bequest gives nothing, but doth lend,



And being frank she lends to those are free:

4



Then, beauteous niggard, why dost thou abuse



The bounteous largess given thee to give?



Profitless usurer, why dost thou use



So great a sum of sums, yet canst not live?

8



For having traffic with thyself alone,



Thou of thyself thy sweet self dost deceive:



Then how when Nature calls thee to be gone,



What àcceptable audit canst thou leave?

12



Thy unused beauty must be tombed with thee,



Which usèd lives th’executor to be.


Sonnet 5

Those hours that with gentle work did frame



The lovely gaze where every eye doth dwell



Will play the tyrants to the very same,



And that unfair which fairly doth excel;

4



For never-resting time leads summer on



To hideous winter and confounds him there,



Sap checked with frost and lusty leaves quite gone,



Beauty o’ersnowed and bareness every where:

8



Then were not summer’s distillation left



A liquid prisoner pent in walls of glass,



Beauty’s effect with beauty were bereft,



Nor it nor no remembrance what it was.

12



But flowers distilled, though they with winter meet,



Leese but their show; their substance still lives sweet.



Collation notes for Sonnet 5

5 never-resting] Gildon2; never resting Q

7 leaves] Gildon; leau’s Q

7 gone,] Sewell; gon. Q

8 bareness] Sewell; barenes Q; barenesse Benson; Barenness Gildon1; Barrenness Gildon2

8 every where] Q; everywhere Knight

14 Leese] Q; Lose Gildon (variant form)





Sonnet 6

Then let not winter’s ragged hand deface



In thee thy summer ere thou be distilled:



Make sweet some vial; treasure thou some place



With beauty’s treasure ere it be self-killed:

4



That use is not forbidden usury



Which happies those that pay the willing loan;



That’s for thyself to breed another thee,



Or ten times happier be it ten for one;

8



Ten times thyself were happier than thou art,



If ten of thine ten times refigured thee:



Then what could death do if thou shouldst depart,



Leaving thee living in posterity?

12



Be not self-willed, for thou art much too fair



To be death’s conquest and make worms thine heir.



Collation notes for Sonnet 6

1 ragged] Gildon; wragged Q; rugged Capell

4 beauty’s] Gildon2 (after Benson beauties); beautits Q

4 self-killed] Gildon; selfe kil’de Q

13 self-willed] Gildon (self-will’d); selfe-wild Q





Sonnet 7

Lo in the orient when the gracious light



Lifts up his burning head, each under eye



Doth homage to his new-appearing sight,



Serving with looks his sacred majesty;

4



And having climbed the steep-up heavenly hill,



Resembling strong youth in his middle age,



Yet mortal looks adore his beauty still,



Attending on his golden pilgrimage:

8



But when from highmost pitch, with weary car,



Like feeble age he reeleth from the day,



The eyes (fore duteous) now converted are



From his low tract and look another way:

12



So thou, thyself outgoing in thy noon,



Unlooked on diest unless thou get a son.



Collation notes for Sonnet 7

3 new-appearing] Murden; new appearing Q

5 steep-up heavenly] Gildon; steepe vp heauenly Q; steep up-heavenly or steep-up-heavenly conj. Craig (in Rollins)

9 pitch] Benson; pich Q

9 car] Q; care Benson

12 tract] Q; Track Gildon2 (variant form)





Sonnet 8

Music to hear, why hear’st thou music sadly?



Sweets with sweets war not, joy delights in joy:



Why lov’st thou that which thou receiv’st not gladly,



Or else receiv’st with pleasure thine annoy?

4



If the true concord of well-tunèd sounds,



By unions married, do offend thine ear,



They do but sweetly chide thee, who confounds



In singleness the parts that thou shouldst bear;

8



Mark how one string, sweet husband to another,



Strikes each in each by mutual ordering;



Resembling sire, and child, and happy mother,



Who all in one, one pleasing note do sing;

12



Whose speechless song being many, seeming one,



Sings this to thee, ‘Thou single wilt prove none.’



Collation notes for Sonnet 8

1 sadly?] Gildon; sadly, Q

5 well-tunèd] Gildon2; well tuned Q

8 the parts] Q; a part conj. Pooler

14 thee,] Gildon; thee Q

14 ‘Thou . . . none.’] Quoted Malone; thou . . . none. Q For a MS. version of Sonnet 8, see Appendix, p. 270 below.





Sonnet 9

Is it for fear to wet a widow’s eye



That thou consum’st thyself in single life?



Ah! if thou issueless shalt hap to die,



The world will wail thee like a makeless wife;

4



The world will be thy widow and still weep,



That thou no form of thee hast left behind,



When every private widow well may keep,



By children’s eyes, her husband’s shape in mind:

8



Look what an unthrift in the world doth spend



Shifts but his place, for still the world enjoys it,



But beauty’s waste hath in the world an end,



And kept unused the user so destroys it:

12



No love toward others in that bosom sits



That on himself such murd’rous shame commits.



Collation notes for Sonnet 9

1 Is it] Q; It is Benson

3 Ah!] Gildon; Ah; Q

9 Look what] Q; Look, what Capell

10 it,] Riverside; it Q; it; Sewell (after Gildon)





Sonnet 10

For shame deny that thou bear’st love to any,



Who for thyself art so unprovident.



Grant, if thou wilt, thou art beloved of many,



But that thou none lov’st is most evident;

4



For thou art so possessed with murd’rous hate,



That ’gainst thyself thou stick’st not to conspire,



Seeking that beauteous roof to ruinate



Which to repair should be thy chief desire:

8



O change thy thought, that I may change my mind!



Shall hate be fairer lodged than gentle love?



Be as thy presence is, gracious and kind,



Or to thyself at least kind-hearted prove:

12



Make thee another self for love of me,



That beauty still may live in thine or thee.



Collation notes for Sonnet 10

1 shame] Q; shame: Gildon2; shame, Staunton

2 unprovident.] Malone (after Gildon); vnprouident Q

9 mind!] Gildon2; minde, Q

11 is,] Gildon; is Q

12 kind-hearted] Gildon2; kind harted Q





Sonnet 11

As fast as thou shalt wane, so fast thou grow’st



In one of thine, from that which thou departest,



And that fresh blood which youngly thou bestow’st



Thou mayst call thine, when thou from youth convertest:

4



Herein lives wisdom, beauty, and increase,



Without this, folly, age, and cold decay:



If all were minded so, the times should cease,



And threescore year would make the world away.

8



Let those whom Nature hath not made for store,



Harsh, featureless, and rude, barrenly perish:



Look whom she best endowed she gave the more;



Which bounteous gift thou shouldst in bounty cherish:

12



She carved thee for her seal, and meant thereby,



Thou shouldst print more, not let that copy die.



Collation notes for Sonnet 11

1–3 grow’st . . . bestow’st] Collier; grow’st, . . . bestow’st, Q

6 this,] Gildon2; this Q

8 year] Q; yeares Benson

9 Nature] Knight; nature Q

11 Look] Q; Look, Capell

11 endowed] Gildon2 (endow’d); indow’d, Q (variant form)

11 the] Q; thee Sewell1, Capell

14 not] Q; nor Murden





Sonnet 12

When I do count the clock that tells the time,



And see the brave day sunk in hideous night,



When I behold the violet past prime,



And sable curls all silvered o’er with white,

4



When lofty trees I see barren of leaves,



Which erst from heat did canopy the herd,



And summer’s green all girded up in sheaves



Borne on the bier with white and bristly beard:

8



Then of thy beauty do I question make



That thou among the wastes of time must go,



Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake,



And die as fast as they see others grow,

12



And nothing ’gainst Time’s scythe can make defence



Save breed to brave him when he takes thee hence.



Collation notes for Sonnet 12

4 all silvered o’er] Malone; or siluer’d ore Q; are silver’d o’er J. Poole, ‘English Parnassus’ (1677), p. 473, Gildon2; o’er-silverèd conj. Anon (in Rollins); o’er-silver’d all conj. Verity; ensilvered o’er Wells; o’er-silvered are conj., this edn

4 white,] Rollins (1951); white: Q

14 breed . . . him] Ingram and Redpath; breed . . . him, Q; Breed, . . . him Gildon2





Sonnet 13

O that you were your self! but, love, you are



No longer yours than you yourself here live;



Against this coming end you should prepare,



And your sweet semblance to some other give:

4



So should that beauty which you hold in lease



Find no determination; then you were



Your self again after yourself’s decease,



When your sweet issue your sweet form should bear.

8



Who lets so fair a house fall to decay,



Which husbandry in honour might uphold



Against the stormy gusts of winter’s day



And barren rage of death’s eternal cold?

12



O none but unthrifts: dear my love, you know



You had a father, let your son say so.



Collation notes for Sonnet 13

1 your self!] Gildon2; your selfe, Q; yourself Capell

1 but, love,] Gildon; but loue Q

6 determination;] Gildon; determination, Q

7 Your self] Benson; You selfe Q

13 unthrifts:] Gildon2; vnthrifts, Q

13 know] Gildon2; know, Q; know. Boswell





Sonnet 14

Not from the stars do I my judgement pluck,



And yet methinks I have astronomy,



But not to tell of good or evil luck,



Of plagues, of dearths, or seasons’ quality;

4



Nor can I fortune to brief minutes tell,



Pointing to each his thunder, rain, and wind,



Or say with princes if it shall go well



By oft predict that I in heaven find:

8



But from thine eyes my knowledge I derive,



And, constant stars, in them I read such art



As truth and beauty shall together thrive



If from thy self to store thou wouldst convert:

12



Or else of thee this I prognosticate,



Thy end is truth’s and beauty’s doom and date.



Collation notes for Sonnet 14

4 seasons’] Capell; seasons Q; season’s Dyce (1832)

5 minutes] Gildon; mynuits Q (variant form)





Sonnet 15

When I consider every thing that grows



Holds in perfection but a little moment,



That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows



Whereon the stars in secret influence comment;

4



When I perceive that men as plants increase,



Cheerèd and checked even by the selfsame sky,



Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease,



And wear their brave state out of memory:

8



Then the conceit of this inconstant stay



Sets you most rich in youth before my sight,



Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay



To change your day of youth to sullied night,

12



And all in war with Time for love of you,



As he takes from you, I ingraft you new.



Collation notes for Sonnet 15

1 every thing] Q; everything Hazlitt

2 moment,] Malone1; moment. Q; Moment; Gildon

6 selfsame] Knight; selfe-same Q

6 sky,] Gildon1; skie: Q

8 wear] Gildon; were Q

11 Time] Dyce; time Q

11 Decay] Dyce; decay Q

14 ingraft] Q; engraft Capell (variant form)





Sonnet 16

But wherefore do not you a mightier way



Make war upon this bloody tyrant Time,



And fortify yourself in your decay



With means more blessèd than my barren rhyme?

4



Now stand you on the top of happy hours,



And many maiden gardens, yet unset,



With virtuous wish would bear your living flowers,



Much liker than your painted counterfeit:

8



So should the lines of life that life repair



Which this time’s pencil or my pupil pen



Neither in inward worth nor outward fair



Can make you live yourself in eyes of men:

12



To give away yourself keeps yourself still,



And you must live drawn by your own sweet skill.



Collation notes for Sonnet 16

2 Time] Malone; time Q

6 gardens,] Capell; gardens Q

10 this time’s . . . pen] Rolfe (subst.); this (Times pensel or my pupill pen) Q; this (Time’s pencil) or . . . Pen Sewell2; this, – time’s pencil, or . . . pen, – Capell; this, Time’s pencil, or . . . pen, Malone

11 fair,] Gildon2; faire Q

14 skill.] Benson; skill, Q





Sonnet 17

Who will believe my verse in time to come



If it were filled with your most high deserts?



Though yet, heaven knows, it is but as a tomb



Which hides your life, and shows not half your parts.

4



If I could write the beauty of your eyes,



And in fresh numbers number all your graces,



The age to come would say, ‘This poet lies;



Such heavenly touches ne’er touched earthly faces.’

8



So should my papers (yellowed with their age)



Be scorned, like old men of less truth than tongue,



And your true rights be termed a poet’s rage



And stretchèd metre of an àntique song:

12



But were some child of yours alive that time,



You should live twice, in it and in my rhyme.



Collation notes for Sonnet 17

2 filled] Gildon (fill’d); fild Q

2–4 deserts? . . . parts.] Gildon; deserts? . . . parts: Q; deserts – . . . parts – Tucker

3 yet, . . . knows,] Gildon2; yet . . . knows Q

7–8 ‘This . . . lies; . . . faces.’] As pointed and quoted, Collier; this . . . lies, . . . faces. Q

9 yellowed] Gildon (yellow’d); yellowed Q

12 metre] Gildon; miter Q (variant form)

14 twice, in it] Cam.; Twice in it, Q; twice, – in it Capell; twice; in it Globe





Sonnet 18

Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day?



Thou art more lovely and more temperate:



Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,



And summer’s lease hath all too short a date;

4



Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,



And often is his gold complexion dimmed;



And every fair from fair sometime declines,



By chance or nature’s changing course untrimmed:

8



But thy eternal summer shall not fade,



Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow’st,



Nor shall Death brag thou wand’rest in his shade,



When in eternal lines to time thou grow’st.

12



So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,



So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.



Collation notes for Sonnet 18

18] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

7 sometime] Lintott; some-time Q; sometimes Hudson

10 lose] Capell; loose Q (variant form)

10, 12 ow’st . . . grow’st] Q; owest . . . growest Malone; owest . . . grow’st Cam.

11 Death] Knight; death Q

11 wand’rest] Wyndham; wandr’st Q; wander’st Capell

13 breathe] Malone; breath Q (variant form)

14 thee.] Benson; thee, Q





Sonnet 19

Devouring Time, blunt thou the lion’s paws,



And make the earth devour her own sweet brood;



Pluck the keen teeth from the fierce tiger’s jaws,



And burn the long-lived phoenix in her blood;

4



Make glad and sorry seasons as thou fleet’st,



And do whate’er thou wilt, swift-footed Time,



To the wide world and all her fading sweets;



But I forbid thee one most heinous crime:

8



O carve not with thy hours my love’s fair brow,



Nor draw no lines there with thine àntique pen;



Him in thy course untainted do allow



For beauty’s pattern to succeeding men.

12



Yet do thy worst, old Time: despite thy wrong,



My love shall in my verse ever live young.



Collation notes for Sonnet 19

19] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

1 Time] Malone; time Q

3 jaws] Capell; yawes Q

4 long-lived] Capell; long liu’d Q

5 fleet’st] Q; fleets Dyce (1832)

6 Time] Malone; time Q

13 Time:] Malone (after Capell time;); Time Q





Sonnet 20

A woman’s face with Nature’s own hand painted



Hast thou, the master-mistress of my passion;



A woman’s gentle heart, but not acquainted



With shifting change, as is false women’s fashion;

4



An eye more bright than theirs, less false in rolling,



Gilding the object whereupon it gazeth;



A man in hue, all hues in his controlling,



Which steals men’s eyes and women’s souls amazeth.

8



And for a woman wert thou first created,



Till Nature as she wrought thee fell a-doting,



And by addition me of thee defeated,



By adding one thing to my purpose nothing.

12



But since she pricked thee out for women’s pleasure,



Mine be thy love, and thy love’s use their treasure.



Collation notes for Sonnet 20

1 Nature’s] Dyce; natures Q

2 Hast] Benson; Haste Q

2 master-mistress] Capell; Master Mistris Q; Master, Mistress Gildon

5 rolling,] Sewell1; rowling: Q

7 man in] Q; maiden conj. Beeching; native conj. Mackail (in Beeching); woman’s conj. Pooler; maid in conj. Tannenbaum (in Rollins)

7 hue,] Capell; hew Q

7 hues] Malone; Hews Q; ‘hues’ Globe; hearts conj. Pooler

10 Nature] Knight; nature Q

10 a-doting] Malone; a dotinge Q

12 nothing] Q; no thing conj. Tucker





Sonnet 21

So is it not with me as with that Muse,



Stirred by a painted beauty to his verse,



Who heaven itself for ornament doth use,



And every fair with his fair doth rehearse,

4



Making a couplement of proud compare



With sun and moon, with earth and sea’s rich gems,



With April’s first-born flowers, and all things rare



That heaven’s air in this huge rondure hems.

8



O let me, true in love, but truly write,



And then believe me, my love is as fair



As any mother’s child, though not so bright



As those gold candles fixed in heaven’s air:

12



Let them say more that like of hearsay well,



I will not praise that purpose not to sell.



Collation notes for Sonnet 21

3 itself] Capell; it selfe Q (so throughout; not hereafter recorded)

6 sea’s] Gildon2; seas Q; seas’ conj., this edn

6 gems,] Sewell1; gems: Q

7 first-born] Gildon; first borne Q

9 me, . . . love,] Gildon2; me . . . loue Q





Sonnet 22

My glass shall not persuade me I am old,



So long as youth and thou are of one date,



But when in thee time’s furrows I behold,



Then look I death my days should expiate:

4



For all that beauty that doth cover thee



Is but the seemly raiment of my heart,



Which in thy breast doth live, as thine in me.



How can I then be elder than thou art?

8



O therefore, love, be of thyself so wary



As I not for myself but for thee will,



Bearing thy heart, which I will keep so chary



As tender nurse her babe from faring ill:

12



Presume not on thy heart when mine is slain;



Thou gav’st me thine, not to give back again.



Collation notes for Sonnet 22

3 furrows] Benson (forrowes), Lintott; forrwes Q (variant form); Sorrows Gildon

4 expiate:] Ingram and Redpath; expiate, Q; expirate. conj. Steevens (in Malone)

9 therefore, love,] Sewell1; therefore loue Q; therefore, Love! Gildon2





Sonnet 23

As an unperfect actor on the stage,



Who with his fear is put besides his part,



Or some fierce thing replete with too much rage,



Whose strength’s abundance weakens his own heart;

4



So I, for fear of trust, forget to say



The perfect ceremony of love’s rite,



And in mine own love’s strength seem to decay,



O’ercharged with burthen of mine own love’s might:

8



O let my looks be then the eloquence



And dumb presagers of my speaking breast,



Who plead for love, and look for recompense,



More than that tongue that more hath more expressed.

12



O learn to read what silent love hath writ:



To hear with eyes belongs to love’s fine wit.



Collation notes for Sonnet 23

6 rite] Malone; right Q

8 burthen] Q; burden Gildon2 (variant form)

9 looks] Sewell; books Q

14 with . . . wit] Benson; wit . . . wiht Q





Sonnet 24

Mine eye hath played the painter and hath stelled



Thy beauty’s form in table of my heart;



My body is the frame wherein ’tis held,



And pèrspective it is best painter’s art,

4



For through the painter must you see his skill



To find where your true image pictured lies,



Which in my bosom’s shop is hanging still,



That hath his windows glazèd with thine eyes.

8



Now see what good turns eyes for eyes have done:



Mine eyes have drawn thy shape, and thine for me



Are windows to my breast, wherethrough the sun



Delights to peep, to gaze therein on thee.

12



Yet eyes this cunning want to grace their art,



They draw but what they see, know not the heart.



Collation notes for Sonnet 24

1 stelled] Capell (stell’d); steeld Q

3 ’tis] Lintott; ti’s Q

4 painter’s] Gildon; Painters Q; painters’ conj., this edn

4 art,] Dowden; art. Q

9 good turns] Gildon; good-turnes Q

11 wherethrough] Gildon2; where-through Q

12 thee.] Gildon; thee Q

13 art,] Gildon; art Q; art; – Capell





Sonnet 25

Let those who are in favour with their stars



Of public honour and proud titles boast,



Whilst I, whom fortune of such triumph bars,



Unlooked for joy in that I honour most.

4



Great princes’ favourites their fair leaves spread



But as the marigold at the sun’s eye,



And in themselves their pride lies burièd,



For at a frown they in their glory die.

8



The painful warrior famousèd for fight,



After a thousand victories once foiled,



Is from the book of honour rasèd quite,



And all the rest forgot for which he toiled:

12



Then happy I that love and am belovèd



Where I may not remove, nor be removèd.



Collation notes for Sonnet 25

9 famousèd for fight] Conj. Theobald, Malone; famosed for worth Q; famoused for might Capell; for worth famoused conj. Steevens (in Malone)

11 rasèd quite] Q; razed quite Benson; raised forth conj. Theobald (if worth is retained in 9); quite rased conj. Steevens (in Malone); razed forth Collier2

13–14 belovèd . . . removèd] Q; belov’d . . . remov’d Malone2





Sonnet 26

Lord of my love, to whom in vassalage



Thy merit hath my duty strongly knit,



To thee I send this written ambassage



To witness duty, not to show my wit;

4



Duty so great, which wit so poor as mine



May make seem bare, in wanting words to show it,



But that I hope some good conceit of thine



In thy soul’s thought (all naked) will bestow it,

8



Till whatsoever star that guides my moving



Points on me graciously with fair aspèct,



And puts apparel on my tottered loving,



To show me worthy of thy sweet respect:

12



Then may I dare to boast how I do love thee,



Till then, not show my head where thou mayst prove me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 26

2 knit,] Capell; knit; Q

3 ambassage] Q; Embassage Gildon2 (variant form)

6 it,] Collier; it; Q

8 it,] Ingram and Redpath; it: Q

11 tottered] Gildon2 (totter’d); tottered Q; tattered Sewell1; tatter’d Sewell2 (variant forms)

12 thy] Capell; their Q

14 me.] Benson; me Q





Sonnet 27

Weary with toil, I haste me to my bed,



The dear repose for limbs with travel tired,



But then begins a journey in my head



To work my mind, when body’s work’s expired;

4



For then my thoughts (from far where I abide)



Intend a zealous pilgrimage to thee,



And keep my drooping eyelids open wide,



Looking on darkness which the blind do see;

8



Save that my soul’s imaginary sight



Presents thy shadow to my sightless view,



Which like a jewel (hung in ghastly night)



Makes black night beauteous, and her old face new.

12



Lo thus by day my limbs, by night my mind,



For thee, and for myself, no quiet find.



Collation notes for Sonnet 27

2 travel] Gildon2; trauaill Q

2 tired] Malone2 (tir’d); tired Q

4 expired;] Malone2 (expir’d:); expired. Q

6 thee,] Q corr.; thee; Q uncorr.

10 thy] Capell; their Q

11 Which . . . jewel (hung . . . night)] Q; Which, . . . jewel hung . . . night, Capell





Sonnet 28

How can I then return in happy plight



That am debarred the benefit of rest?



When day’s oppression is not eased by night,



But day by night and night by day oppressed;

4



And each (though enemies to either’s reign)



Do in consent shake hands to torture me,



The one by toil, the other to complain



How far I toil, still farther off from thee.

8



I tell the day to please him thou art bright,



And dost him grace when clouds do blot the heaven;



So flatter I the swart-complexioned night,



When sparkling stars twire not thou gild’st the even:

12



But day doth daily draw my sorrows longer,



And night doth nightly make griefs’ length seem stronger.



Collation notes for Sonnet 28

5 either’s] Malone; ethers Q; others Benson; other’s Gildon2

9 day . . . him] Q (Day); day . . . him Capell; day, . . . him, Malone

11 swart-complexioned] Gildon; swart complexiond Q

12 gild’st] Gildon2 (guild’st); guil’st Q; gildest conj. Pooler (preserving Q th’)

12 the] Sewell (after Lintott the’); th’ Q

13–14 longer, . . . length . . . stronger] Q; longer . . . strength . . . stronger Capell; stronger . . . length . . . longer conj. Capell (in Malone)

14 griefs’] This edn; greefes Q; Grief’s Gildon

14 stronger.] Lintott; stronger Q





Sonnet 29

When in disgrace with Fortune and men’s eyes,



I all alone beweep my outcast state,



And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries,



And look upon myself and curse my fate,

4



Wishing me like to one more rich in hope,



Featured like him, like him with friends possessed,



Desiring this man’s art, and that man’s scope,



With what I most enjoy contented least;

8



Yet in these thoughts myself almost despising,



Haply I think on thee, and then my state



(Like to the lark at break of day arising



From sullen earth) sings hymns at heaven’s gate;

12



For thy sweet love rememb’red such wealth brings



That then I scorn to change my state with kings.



Collation notes for Sonnet 29

4 fate,] Malone; fate. Q

10–12 state . . . earth)] Malone (after Capell); state, (Like . . . arising) . . . earth Q; State, Like . . . Lark, . . . arising From . . . Earth, Gildon2; state, Like . . . day, arising From . . . earth, Tucker

13 rememb’red] Q; remember’d Capell

14 kings] Q; kings’ Wells





Sonnet 30

When to the sessions of sweet silent thought



I summon up remembrance of things past,



I sigh the lack of many a thing I sought,



And with old woes new wail my dear time’s waste;

4



Then can I drown an eye (unused to flow)



For precious friends hid in death’s dateless night,



And weep afresh love’s long since cancelled woe,



And moan th’expense of many a vanished sight;

8



Then can I grieve at grievances foregone,



And heavily from woe to woe tell o’er



The sad account of fore-bemoanèd moan,



Which I new pay as if not paid before:

12



But if the while I think on thee (dear friend)



All losses are restored, and sorrows end.



Collation notes for Sonnet 30

4 time’s] Gildon2; times Q; times’ Dyce (1832)

7 afresh] Gildon2; a fresh Q

8 sight] Q; sigh conj. Malone1





Sonnet 31

Thy bosom is endearèd with all hearts,



Which I by lacking have supposèd dead,



And there reigns love and all love’s loving parts,



And all those friends which I thought burièd.

4



How many a holy and obsequious tear



Hath dear religious love stol’n from mine eye,



As interest of the dead, which now appear



But things removed that hidden in thee lie!

8



Thou art the grave where buried love doth live,



Hung with the trophies of my lovers gone,



Who all their parts of me to thee did give;



That due of many now is thine alone.

12



Their images I loved I view in thee,



And thou (all they) hast all the all of me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 31

1 endearèd] Capell; indeared Q (variant form)

3 love . . . love’s] Murden; Loue . . . Loues Q

8 thee lie!] Gildon; there lie. Q

9 Thou] Q (but Q catchword is To)

11 give;] Sewell1, Malone; giue, Q





Sonnet 32

If thou survive my well-contented day,



When that churl Death my bones with dust shall cover,



And shalt by fortune once more re-survey



These poor rude lines of thy deceasèd lover,

4



Compare them with the bett’ring of the time,



And though they be outstripped by every pen,



Reserve them for my love, not for their rhyme,



Exceeded by the height of happier men.

8



O then vouchsafe me but this loving thought:



‘Had my friend’s Muse grown with this growing age,



A dearer birth than this his love had brought



To march in ranks of better equipage:

12



But since he died, and poets better prove,



Theirs for their style I’ll read, his for his love.’



Collation notes for Sonnet 32

1 well-contented] Gildon2; well contented Q

2 Death] Ewing; death Q

3 re-survey] Lintott, Gildon; resuruay: Q

4 lover,] Malone; Louer: Q

9 vouchsafe] Benson; voutsafe Q (variant form)

10–14 ‘Had . . . love.’] Quoted, Malone; Had . . . loue. Q





Sonnet 33

Full many a glorious morning have I seen



Flatter the mountain tops with sovereign eye,



Kissing with golden face the meadows green,



Gilding pale streams with heavenly alcumy,

4



Anon permit the basest clouds to ride



With ugly rack on his celestial face,



And from the fòrlorn world his visage hide,



Stealing unseen to west with this disgrace:

8



Even so my sun one early morn did shine



With all triumphant splendour on my brow;



But out alack, he was but one hour mine,



The region cloud hath masked him from me now.

12



Yet him for this my love no whit disdaineth:



Suns of the world may stain, when heaven’s sun staineth.



Collation notes for Sonnet 33

3 green,] Sewell1; greene; Q

4 alcumy,] Conj. Lowell (alchemy,) (in Rollins); alcumy: Q; alchymy: Capell (variant forms)

7 fòrlorn] Gildon; for-lorne Q

10 all triumphant] Q; all-triumphant conj. Walker (in Rollins)

11 But out alack,] Q; But out, alack! Gildon2; But out! alack! Knight; But, out, alack! Dowden

14 staineth] Benson; stainteh Q





Sonnet 34

Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day,



And make me travel forth without my cloak,



To letbase clouds o’ertake me in my way,



Hiding thy brav’ry in their rotten smoke?

4



’Tis not enough that through the cloud thou break,



To dry the rain on my storm-beaten face,



For no man well of such a salve can speak,



That heals the wound, and cures not the disgrace:

8



Nor can thy shame give physic to my grief;



Though thou repent, yet I have still the loss:



Th’offender’s sorrow lends but weak relief



To him that bears the strong offence’s cross.

12



Ah, but those tears are pearl which thy love sheeds,



And they are rich, and ransom all ill deeds.



Collation notes for Sonnet 34

2 travel] Gildon2; trauaile Q

4 smoke?] Gildon2; smoke. Q

9 grief;] Ewing; griefe, Q

10,12 loss . . . cross] Capell; losse . . . losse Q; Cross . . . Cross Sewell2

13 sheeds] Q; sheds Gildon (variant form)





Sonnet 35

No more be grieved at that which thou hast done:



Roses have thorns, and silver fountains mud,



Clouds and eclipses stain both moon and sun,



And loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud.

4



All men make faults, and even I in this,



Authòrising thy trespass with compare,



Myself corrupting salving thy amiss,



Excusing thy sins more than their sins are;

8



For to thy sensual fault I bring in sense –



Thy adverse party is thy advocate –



And ’gainst myself a lawful plea commence:



Such civil war is in my love and hate

12



That I an àccessary needs must be



To that sweet thief which sourly robs from me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 35

8 Excusing] Q; Accusing conj., this edn

8 thy . . . their] Wyndham; their . . . their Q; thy . . . thy Capell; their . . . thy Bullen; thee . . . thy conj. Beeching

9–10 sense– . . . advocate–] Malone (subst.); sence, . . . Aduocate, Q

14 me.] Benson; me, Q





Sonnet 36

Let me confess that we two must be twain,



Although our undivided loves are one:



So shall those blots that do with me remain,



Without thy help, by me be borne alone.

4



In our two loves there is but one respect,



Though in our lives a separable spite,



Which though it alter not love’s sole effect,



Yet doth it steal sweet hours from love’s delight.

8



I may not evermore acknowledge thee,



Lest my bewailèd guilt should do thee shame,



Nor thou with public kindness honour me,



Unless thou take that honour from thy name:

12



But do not so; I love thee in such sort,



As thou being mine, mine is thy good report.



Collation notes for Sonnet 36

9 evermore] Gildon; ever-more Q; ever more conj. Walker (in Rollins)

13 so;] Capell; so, Q





Sonnet 37

As a decrepit father takes delight



To see his active child do deeds of youth,



So I, made lame by Fortune’s dearest spite,



Take all my comfort of thy worth and truth;

4



For whether beauty, birth, or wealth, or wit,



Or any of these all, or all, or more,



Intitled in thy parts, do crownèd sit,



I make my love ingrafted to this store:

8



So then I am not lame, poor, nor despised,



Whilst that this shadow doth such substance give,



That I in thy abundance am sufficed,



And by a part of all thy glory live:

12



Look what is best, that best I wish in thee;



This wish I have, then ten times happy me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 37

6 more,] Gildon2; more Q

7 Intitled] Q; Entitled Malone (variant form)

7 thy] Capell; their Q

7 parts,] Q; parts Malone

8 ingrafted] Q; engrafted Capell (variant form)





Sonnet 38

How can my Muse want subject to invent



While thou dost breathe, that pour’st into my verse



Thine own sweet argument, too excellent



For every vulgar paper to rehearse?

4



O give thyself the thanks if aught in me



Worthy perusal stand against thy sight,



For who’s so dumb that cannot write to thee,



When thou thyself dost give invention light?

8



Be thou the tenth Muse, ten times more in worth



Than those old nine which rhymers invocate,



And he that calls on thee, let him bring forth



Eternal numbers to outlive long date.

12



If my slight Muse do please these curious days,



The pain be mine, but thine shall be the praise.



Collation notes for Sonnet 38

2 breathe,] Gildon2; breath Q (variant form)

4 rehearse?] Gildon2; rehearse: Q

7 dumb] Q; dull Gildon





Sonnet 39

O how thy worth with manners may I sing,



When thou art all the better part of me?



What can mine own praise to mine own self bring?



And what is’t but mine own when I praise thee?

4



Even for this, let us divided live,



And our dear love lose name of single one,



That by this separation I may give



That due to thee which thou deserv’st alone.

8



O absence, what a torment wouldst thou prove,



Were it not thy sour leisure gave sweet leave



To entertain the time with thoughts of love,



Which time and thoughts so sweetly dost deceive,

12



And that thou teachest how to make one twain,



By praising him here who doth hence remain.



Collation notes for Sonnet 39

3 bring?] Gildon; bring; Q

4 thee?] Lintott; thee, Q

6 lose] Gildon; loose Q (variant form)

7 give] Lintott, Gildon2; giue: Q

12 dost] Q; doth Malone; do conj. Boswell

12 deceive,] Malone (subst.); deceiue. Q





Sonnet 40

Take all my loves, my love, yea, take them all;



What hast thou then more than thou hadst before?



No love, my love, that thou mayst true love call;



All mine was thine, before thou hadst this more.

4



Then if for my love thou my love receivest,



I cannot blame thee for my love thou usest;



But yet be blamed, if thou this self deceivest



By wilful taste of what thy self refusest.

8



I do forgive thy robb’ry, gentle thief,



Although thou steal thee all my poverty;



And yet love knows it is a greater grief



To bear love’s wrong than hate’s known injury.

12



Lascivious grace, in whom all ill well shows,



Kill me with spites, yet we must not be foes.



Collation notes for Sonnet 40

6 thee] Knight; thee, Q

7 this self] Q; thy self Gildon

8 thy self] Q; thy sense conj. Ingram and Redpath

11 yet . . . knows] Q; yet . . . knows, Capell; yet, . . . knows, Knight; yet, . . . knows Craig





Sonnet 41

Those pretty wrongs that liberty commits,



When I am sometime absent from thy heart,



Thy beauty and thy years full well befits,



For still temptation follows where thou art.

4



Gentle thou art, and therefore to be won,



Beauteous thou art, therefore to be assailed;



And when a woman woos, what woman’s son



Will sourly leave her till he have prevailed?

8



Ay me, but yet thou mightst my seat forbear,



And chide thy beauty and thy straying youth,



Who lead thee in their riot even there



Where thou art forced to break a twofold truth:

12



Hers, by thy beauty tempting her to thee,



Thine, by thy beauty being false to me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 41

2 sometime] Q (some-time); sometimes Benson

6 assailed;] Malone (assail’d; after Sewell1 assailed;); assailed. Q

8 he] Q; she conj. Tyrwhitt, Malone

8 prevailed?] Malone (prevail’d? after Gildon prevailed?); preuailed. Q

9 Ay] Gildon; Aye Q; Ah Murden

9 mightst] Benson; mighst Q





Sonnet 42

That thou hast her, it is not all my grief,



And yet it may be said I loved her dearly;



That she hath thee is of my wailing chief,



A loss in love that touches me more nearly.

4



Loving offenders, thus I will excuse ye:



Thou dost love her because thou know’st I love her,



And for my sake even so doth she abuse me,



Suff’ring my friend for my sake to approve her.

8



If I lose thee, my loss is my love’s gain,



And losing her, my friend hath found that loss;



Both find each other, and I lose both twain,



And both for my sake lay on me this cross.

12



But here’s the joy, my friend and I are one.



Sweet flattery! then she loves but me alone.



Collation notes for Sonnet 42

9,11 lose] Gildon; loose Q (variant form)

10 losing] Gildon; loosing Q (variant form)

13 one.] Capell (subst.); one, Q

14 flattery! then] Ewing; flattery, then Q; flattery then! Tucker





Sonnet 43

When most I wink, then do mine eyes best see,



For all the day they view things unrespected;



But when I sleep, in dreams they look on thee,



And darkly bright, are bright in dark directed.

4



Then thou, whose shadow shadows doth make bright,



How would thy shadow’s form form happy show



To the clear day with thy much clearer light,



When to unseeing eyes thy shade shines so!

8



How would (I say) mine eyes be blessèd made,



By looking on thee in the living day,



When in dead night thy fair imperfect shade



Through heavy sleep on sightless eyes doth stay!

12



All days are nights to see till I see thee,



And nights bright days when dreams do show thee me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 43

43] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

6 form form] Capell; forme, forme Q

8 so!] Knight; so? Q

11 thy] Capell; their Q

12 stay!] Dyce; stay? Q

14 me.] Lintott; me, Q





Sonnet 44

If the dull substance of my flesh were thought,



Injurious distance should not stop my way,



For then despite of space I would be brought,



From limits far remote, where thou dost stay.

4



No matter then although my foot did stand



Upon the farthest earth removed from thee,



For nimble thought can jump both sea and land



As soon as think the place where he would be.

8



But ah, thought kills me that I am not thought,



To leap large lengths of miles when thou art gone,



But that, so much of earth and water wrought,



I must attend time’s leisure with my moan,

12



Receiving nought by elements so slow



But heavy tears, badges of either’s woe.



Collation notes for Sonnet 44

11–12 that, . . . attend] Capell; that . . . attend, Q; that . . . attend Lintott

12 moan,] Neilson; mone. Q

13 nought] Gildon2 (after Gildon1 Naught); naughts Q

14 woe.] Q; woe: Malone2





Sonnet 45

The other two, slight air and purging fire,



Are both with thee, wherever I abide;



The first my thought, the other my desire,



These present-absent with swift motion slide;

4



For when these quicker elements are gone



In tender embassy of love to thee,



My life, being made of four, with two alone



Sinks down to death, oppressed with melancholy,

8



Until life’s composition be recured



By those swift messengers returned from thee,



Who even but now come back again assured



Of thy fair health, recounting it to me.

12



This told, I joy, but then no longer glad,



I send them back again and straight grow sad.



Collation notes for Sonnet 45

4 present-absent] Malone; present absent Q

5 For] Q; Forth conj. Tucker; So Ingram and Redpath

8 melancholy,] Wells; melancholic. Q; Melancholy; Gildon2

9 life’s] Gildon2 (after Gildon1 Live’s); liues Q (variant form)

9 recured] Boswell (recur’d); recured Q

11 assured] Boswell(assur’d); assured Q

12 thy] Gildon2, Capell; their Q





Sonnet 46

Mine eye and heart are at a mortal war,



How to divide the conquest of thy sight:



Mine eye my heart thy picture’s sight would bar,



My heart mine eye the freedom of that right.

4



My heart doth plead that thou in him dost lie



(A closet never pierced with crystal eyes),



But the defendant doth that plea deny,



And says in him thy fair appearance lies.

8



To ’cide this title is impanellèd



A quest of thoughts, all tenants to the heart,



And by their verdict is determinèd



The clear eye’s moiety and the dear heart’s part,

12



As thus: mine eye’s due is thy outward part,



And my heart’s right thy inward love of heart.



Collation notes for Sonnet 46

3 thy] Capell; their Q

4 freedom] Benson (freedome); freeedome Q

8 thy] Capell; their Q

9 ’cide] Gildon2; side Q

12 part,] Sewell2; part. Q

13 thus:] Gildon1 (subst.); thus, Q

13 thy] Capell; their Q; thine Malone2

14 thy] Capell; their Q; thine Malone2





Sonnet 47

Betwixt mine eye and heart a league is took,



And each doth good turns now unto the other:



When that mine eye is famished for a look,



Or heart in love with sighs himself doth smother,

4



With my love’s picture then my eye doth feast,



And to the painted banquet bids my heart;



Another time mine eye is my heart’s guest,



And in his thoughts of love doth share a part.

8



So either by thy picture or my love,



Thyself, away, are present still with me,



For thou not farther than my thoughts canst move,



And I am still with them, and they with thee;

12



Or if they sleep, thy picture in my sight



Awakes my heart to heart’s and eye’s delight.



Collation notes for Sonnet 47

2 other:] Gildon; other, Q

4 smother,] Capell; smother; Q

7 Another] Benson; An other Q

10 Thyself,] Capell; Thy selfe Q corr.; Thy seife Q uncorr.

11 not] Benson; nor Q; no Capell; ne’er (spelled ner; see OED Ne’er adv 1) conj., this edn





Sonnet 48

How careful was I, when I took my way,



Each trifle under truest bars to thrust,



That to my use it might un-usèd stay



From hands of falsehood, in sure wards of trust!

4



But thou, to whom my jewels trifles are,



Most worthy comfort, now my greatest grief,



Thou best of dearest, and mine only care,



Art left the prey of every vulgar thief.

8



Thee have I not locked up in any chest,



Save where thou art not, though I feel thou art,



Within the gentle closure of my breast,



From whence at pleasure thou mayst come and part;

12



And even thence thou wilt be stol’n, I fear,



For truth proves thievish for a prize so dear.



Collation notes for Sonnet 48

3 un-usèd] Q; unused Benson

4 trust!] Malone; trust? Q





Sonnet 49

Against that time (if ever that time come)



When I shall see thee frown on my defècts,



Whenas thy love hath cast his utmost sum,



Called to that audit by advised respects;

4



Against that time when thou shalt strangely pass,



And scarcely greet me with that sun, thine eye,



When love converted from the thing it was



Shall reasons find of settled gravity:

8



Against that time do I insconce me here



Within the knowledge of mine own desert,



And this my hand against myself uprear,



To guard the lawful reasons on thy part.

12



To leave poor me thou hast the strength of laws,



Since why to love I can allege no cause.



Collation notes for Sonnet 49

3 Whenas] Gildon2; When as Q

4 Called] Benson (Cald); Cauld Q

9 insconce] Q; ensconce Malone (variant form)

10 desert] Gildon; desart Q





Sonnet 50

How heavy do I journey on the way,



When what I seek (my weary travel’s end)



Doth teach that ease and that repose to say,



‘Thus far the miles are measured from thy friend.’

4



The beast that bears me, tirèd with my woe,



Plods dully on, to bear that weight in me,



As if by some instìnct the wretch did know



His rider loved not speed being made from thee:

8



The bloody spur cannot provoke him on



That sometimes anger thrusts into his hide,



Which heavily he answers with a groan



More sharp to me than spurring to his side;

12



For that same groan doth put this in my mind:



My grief lies onward and my joy behind.



Collation notes for Sonnet 50

2 travel’s] Gildon2; trauels Q; travels’ Bell

4 ‘Thus . . . friend.’] Quoted, Malone; Thus . . . friend. Q

6 dully] Benson; duly Q





Sonnet 51

Thus can my love excuse the slow offence



Of my dull bearer, when from thee I speed:



From where thou art, why should I haste me thence?



Till I return, of posting is no need.

4



O what excuse will my poor beast then find,



When swift extremity can seem but slow?



Then should I spur though mounted on the wind,



In wingèd speed no motion shall I know:

8



Then can no horse with my desire keep pace;



Therefore desire (of perfect’st love being made)



Shall neigh (no dull flesh) in his fiery race,



But love, for love, thus shall excuse my jade:

12



Since from thee going he went wilful slow,



Towards thee I’ll run and give him leave to go.



Collation notes for Sonnet 51

2 speed:] Malone (after Gildon); speed, Q

3 thence?] Gildon; thence, Q

6 slow?] Gildon; slow, Q

10 perfect’st] Dyce; perfects Q; perfect Gildon

11 neigh (no dull flesh)] Malone; naigh noe dull flesh Q; need no dull Flesh Gildon2; neigh to dull flesh, conj. Malone; neigh, no dull flesh Dowden; neigh – no dull flesh Tucker; wait no dull flesh conj. Bulloch (in Rollins); weigh no dull flesh conj. G. C. M. Smith (in Rollins); rein no dull flesh Wells (conj. Gary Taylor)

11 race,] Q; race; Malone; race – Tucker

12 But love, for love,] Q; But Love for Love Gildon2; But, love for love, Tucker

12 jade:] Gildon2; iade, Q

13 wilful slow] Q; wilful-slow Malone2





Sonnet 52

So am I as the rich whose blessèd key



Can bring him to his sweet up-lockèd treasure,



The which he will not ev’ry hour survey,



For blunting the fine point of seldom pleasure.

4



Therefore are feasts so solemn and so rare,



Since, seldom coming, in the long year set,



Like stones of worth they thinly placèd are,



Or captain jewels in the carcanet.

8



So is the time that keeps you as my chest,



Or as the wardrobe which the robe doth hide,



To make some special instant special blest,



By new unfolding his imprisoned pride.

12



Blessèd are you whose worthiness gives scope,



Being had, to triumph, being lacked, to hope.



Collation notes for Sonnet 52

8 carcanet] Capell; carconet Q

10 wardrobe] Benson; ward-robe Q

14 had, . . . lacked,] Capell (lack’d); had . . . lackt Q





Sonnet 53

What is your substance, whereof are you made,



That millions of strange shadows on you tend,



Since every one hath, every one, one shade,



And you, but one, can every shadow lend?

4



Describe Adonis, and the counterfeit



Is poorly imitated after you;



On Helen’s cheek all art of beauty set,



And you in Grecian tires are painted new;

8



Speak of the spring and foison of the year:



The one doth shadow of your beauty show,



The other as your bounty doth appear,



And you in every blessèd shape we know.

12



In all external grace you have some part,



But you like none, none you, for constant heart.



Collation notes for Sonnet 53

2 tend,] This edn; tend? Q; tend; Capell

3 one hath,] Malone; one, hath Q

4 you,] Capell; you Q

4 lend?] Gildon; lend: Q

5 Adonis, . . . counterfeit] Lintott; Adonis . . . counterfet, Q





Sonnet 54

O how much more doth beauty beauteous seem



By that sweet ornament which truth doth give!



The rose looks fair, but fairer we it deem



For that sweet odour which doth in it live.

4



The canker blooms have full as deep a dye



As the perfumèd tincture of the roses,



Hang on such thorns, and play as wantonly,



When summer’s breath their maskèd buds discloses;

8



But, for their virtue only is their show,



They live unwooed, and unrespected fade,



Die to themselves. Sweet roses do not so,



Of their sweet deaths are sweetest odours made:

12



And so of you, beauteous and lovely youth,



When that shall vade, by verse distils your truth.



Collation notes for Sonnet 54

2 give!] Gildon2; giue, Q

9 But,] Capell; But Q

10 unwooed] Q (vnwoo’d); unmoov’d Benson

14 vade] Q; fade Gildon (variant form)

14 by] Q; my Capell





Sonnet 55

Not marble nor the gilded monuments



Of princes shall outlive this pow’rful rhyme,



But you shall shine more bright in these contènts



Than unswept stone, besmeared with sluttish time.

4



When wasteful war shall statues overturn,



And broils root out the work of masonry,



Nor Mars his sword nor war’s quick fire shall burn



The living record of your memory.

8



’Gainst death and all oblivious enmity



Shall you pace forth; your praise shall still find room



Even in the eyes of all posterity



That wear this world out to the ending doom.

12



So, till the Judgement that yourself arise,



You live in this, and dwell in lovers’ eyes.



Collation notes for Sonnet 55

1 monuments] Malone; monument, Q

7 Mars his] Q (Mars); Mars’s Gildon2

9 all oblivious] Q; all-oblivious Malone; all oblivion’s conj. Ingram and Redpath

9 enmity] Gildon2; emnity Q

10 forth;] Gildon2; forth, Q

13 Judgement] Neilson2; iudgement Q





Sonnet 56

Sweet love, renew thy force, be it not said



Thy edge should blunter be than appetite,



Which but today by feeding is allayed,



Tomorrow sharp’ned in his former might.

4



So, love, be thou: although today thou fill



Thy hungry eyes even till they wink with fullness,



Tomorrow see again, and do not kill



The spirit of love with a perpetual dullness:

8



Let this sad int’rim like the ocean be



Which parts the shore, where two contracted new



Come daily to the banks, that when they see



Return of love, more blest may be the view;

12



As call it winter, which being full of care,



Makes summer’s welcome, thrice more wished, more rare.



Collation notes for Sonnet 56

56] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

4 sharp’ned] Q (sharpned); sharpen’d Capell

5 So, love,] Capell; So loue Q

5 thou:] Capell; thou, Q

9 int’rim] Q (Intrim); Interim / Lintott

11 see] Capell; see: Q

13 As] Q; Or Capell, Malone; Else Palgrave; Ah conj. Anon. (in Rollins)

14 welcome,] Q; welcome Capell





Sonnet 57

Being your slave, what should I do but tend



Upon the hours and times of your desire?



I have no precious time at all to spend,



Nor services to do till you require.

4



Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour



Whilst I (my sovereign) watch the clock for you,



Nor think the bitterness of absence sour



When you have bid your servant once adieu.

8



Nor dare I question with my jealous thought



Where you may be, or your affairs suppose,



But like a sad slave stay and think of nought



Save where you are how happy you make those.

12



So true a fool is love that in your will



(Though you do any thing) he thinks no ill.



Collation notes for Sonnet 57

3 spend,] Benson; spend; Q

5 world-without-end] Gildon2; world without end Q

9 jealous] Benson; jealious Q (variant form)

12 are how] Yale; are, how Q; are: how Gildon2

13 will] Murden; Will Q





Sonnet 58

That god forbid, that made me first your slave,



I should in thought control your times of pleasure,



Or at your hand th’account of hours to crave,



Being your vassal bound to stay your leisure.

4



O let me suffer (being at your beck)



Th’imprisoned absence of your liberty,



And patience, tame to sufferance, bide each check,



Without accusing you of injury.

8



Be where you list, your charter is so strong



That you yourself may privilege your time



To what you will; to you it doth belong



Yourself to pardon of self-doing crime.

12



I am to wait, though waiting so be hell,



Not blame your pleasure, be it ill or well.



Collation notes for Sonnet 58

7 patience, tame to sufferance,] Gildon2; patience tame, to sufferance Q; patience tame to sufferance; Capell; patience-tame, to sufferance Ingram and Redpath; patience-tame to sufferance, F. L. Lucas (in Ingram and Redpath)

10–11 time / To] Q; time: / Do Malone

11 will;] Gildon2; will, Q





Sonnet 59

If there be nothing new, but that which is



Hath been before, how are our brains beguiled,



Which, labouring for invention, bear amiss



The second burthen of a former child!

4



O that recòrd could with a backward look,



Even of five hundred courses of the sun,



Show me your image in some àntique book,



Since mind at first in character was done,

8



That I might see what the old world could say



To this composèd wonder of your frame:



Whether we are mended, or whe’er better they,



Or whether revolution be the same.

12



O sure I am the wits of former days



To subjects worse have given admiring praise.



Collation notes for Sonnet 59

1–2 is / Hath] Gildon; is, / Hath Q

4 burthen] Q; Burden Gildon2 (variant form)

4 child!] Knight; child? Q

6 hundred] Gildon; hundreth Q (variant form)

8 mind] Q; mine Benson

8 done,] Cellini; done. Q; done! Gildon2

10 frame:] This edn; frame, Q; Frame; Gildon2

11 Whether] Q; Whe’r Craig

11 whe’er] Capell (whe’r); where Q; whether Globe





Sonnet 60

Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore,



So do our minutes hasten to their end,



Each changing place with that which goes before,



In sequent toil all forwards do contend.

4



Nativity, once in the main of light,



Crawls to maturity, wherewith being crowned,



Crookèd eclipses ’gainst his glory fight,



And Time that gave doth now his gift confound.

8



Time doth transfix the flourish set on youth,



And delves the parallels in beauty’s brow,



Feeds on the rarities of nature’s truth,



And nothing stands but for his scythe to mow.

12



And yet to times in hope my verse shall stand,



Praising thy worth, despite his cruel hand.



Collation notes for Sonnet 60

1 pebbled] Murden; pibled Q (variant form)

2 minutes] Gildon; minuites Q (variant form)

2 end,] Q; end; Capell (after Gildon)

5 Nativity,] Capell; Natiuity Q

5 light,] Lintott; light. Q

8 Time] Knight; time Q

13 times in hope] Capell; times in hope, Q; Times, in hope, Gildon2





Sonnet 61

Is it thy will thy image should keep open



My heavy eyelids to the weary night?



Dost thou desire my slumbers should be broken,



While shadows like to thee do mock my sight?

4



Is it thy spirit that thou send’st from thee



So far from home into my deeds to pry,



To find out shames and idle hours in me,



The scope and tenure of thy jealousy?

8



O no, thy love, though much, is not so great;



It is my love that keeps mine eye awake,



Mine own true love that doth my rest defeat,



To play the watchman ever for thy sake.

12



For thee watch I, whilst thou dost wake elsewhere,



From me far off, with others all too near.



Collation notes for Sonnet 61

8 tenure] Q; tenour Capell (variant form)

14 off] Gildon; of Q

14 all too near] Benson; all to neere Q; all-too-near Malone





Sonnet 62

Sin of self-love possesseth all mine eye,



And all my soul, and all my every part;



And for this sin there is no remedy,



It is so grounded inward in my heart.

4



Methinks no face so gracious is as mine,



No shape so true, no truth of such account,



And for myself mine own worth do define,



As I all other in all worths surmount.

8



But when my glass shows me myself indeed,



Beated and chopped with tanned antiquity,



Mine own self-love quite contrary I read;



Self so self-loving were iniquity.

12



’Tis thee (my self) that for myself I praise,



Painting my age with beauty of thy days.



Collation notes for Sonnet 62

7 for . . . do] Q; for . . . so conj. Walker (in Rollins), Delius; so . . . do conj. Lettsom (in Rollins); for . . . to Keightley; I . . . so conj. Beeching

9 indeed,] Gildon; indeed Q

10 Beated] Q; ’Bated Malone1; Batter’d conj. Malone1 (dropped in Malone2); Blasted conj. Steevens (in Malone); Beaten conj. Collier; Bated conj. Collier2

10 chopped] Q (chopt); chapp’d Dyce (variant form)

11 own self-love] Lintott; owne selfe loue Q; ownself-love conj. Tucker

11 read;] Capell; read Q; read, Gildon2

12 self-loving] Gildon; selfe louing Q

13 ’Tis] Benson; T’is Q

14 days.] Benson; daies, Q





Sonnet 63

Against my love shall be as I am now,



With Time’s injurious hand crushed and o’erworn;



When hours have drained his blood and filled his brow



With lines and wrinkles; when his youthful morn

4



Hath travelled on to age’s steepy night,



And all those beauties whereof now he’s king



Are vanishing, or vanished out of sight,



Stealing away the treasure of his spring:

8



For such a time do I now fortify



Against confounding age’s cruel knife,



That he shall never cut from memory



My sweet love’s beauty, thought my lover’s life.

12



His beauty shall in these black lines be seen,



And they shall live, and he in them still green.



Collation notes for Sonnet 63

1 now,] Gildon2; now Q

2 Time’s] Knight; times Q

2 o’erworn;] Gildon2 (o’er-worn); ore-worne, Q

3 filled] Lintott (fill’d), Gildon; fild Q; filed conj. Kerrigan

4 wrinkles;] Gildon2; wrincles, Q

5 travelled] Gildon2 (travel’d); travaild Q (variant form)





Sonnet 64

When I have seen by Time’s fell hand defaced



The rich proud cost of outworn buried age;



When sometime lofty towers I see down rased,



And brass eternal slave to mortal rage;

4



When I have seen the hungry ocean gain



Advantage on the kingdom of the shore,



And the firm soil win of the wat’ry main,



Increasing store with loss, and loss with store;

8



When I have seen such interchange of state,



Or state itself confounded to decay,



Ruin hath taught me thus to ruminate:



That Time will come and take my love away.

12



This thought is as a death, which cannot choose



But weep to have that which it fears to lose.



Collation notes for Sonnet 64

1 Time’s] Malone; times Q

1 defaced] Gildon (defac’d); defaced Q

3 down rased] Gildon2 (down raz’d); downe rased Q; down-ras’d Malone

11 ruminate:] Capell (ruminate, –); ruminate Q

14 lose] Gildon2; loose Q (variant form)





Sonnet 65

Since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea,



But sad mortality o’ersways their power,



How with this rage shall beauty hold a plea,



Whose action is no stronger than a flower?

4



O how shall summer’s honey breath hold out



Against the wrackful siege of batt’ring days,



When rocks impregnable are not so stout,



Nor gates of steel so strong, but Time decays?

8



O fearful meditation! Where, alack,



Shall Time’s best jewel from Time’s chest lie hid?



Or what strong hand can hold his swift foot back,



Or who his spoil of beauty can forbid?

12



O none, unless this miracle have might,



That in black ink my love may still shine bright.



Collation notes for Sonnet 65

5 honey] Q (hunny); hungry Benson

6 wrackful] Q; wreckful Gildon2 (variant form)

8 Time] Dyce; time Q

9 meditation!] Gildon2; meditation, Q

10 Time’s . . . Time’s] Knight; times . . . times Q

12 of] Malone; or Q; on Gildon; o’er Capell





Sonnet 66

Tired with all these, for restful death I cry:



As to behold desert a beggar born,



And needy nothing trimmed in jollity,



And purest faith unhappily forsworn,

4



And gilded honour shamefully misplaced,



And maiden virtue rudely strumpeted,



And right perfection wrongfully disgraced,



And strength by limping sway disablèd,

8



And art made tongue-tied by authority,



And folly (doctor-like) controlling skill,



And simple truth miscalled simplicity,



And captive good attending captain ill:

12



Tired with all these, from these would I be gone,



Save that to die, I leave my love alone.



Collation notes for Sonnet 66

11 simple truth] Gildon (simple Truth); simple-Truth Q

12 captive good] Gildon2 (Captive Good); captiue-good Q

12 captain ill] Q (Captaine ill); captain-ill or Captian-Ill conj. this edn (matching Q captiue-good)





Sonnet 67

Ah wherefore with infection should he live,



And with his presence grace impiety,



That sin by him advantage should achieve,



And lace itself with his society?

4



Why should false painting imitate his cheek,



And steal dead seeming of his living hue?



Why should poor beauty indirectly seek



Roses of shadow, since his rose is true?

8



Why should he live, now Nature bankrout is,



Beggared of blood to blush through lively veins,



For she hath no exchequer now but his,



And proud of many, lives upon his gains?

12



O him she stores, to show what wealth she had,



In days long since, before these last so bad.



Collation notes for Sonnet 67

1 Ah] Q; Ah, Capell; Ah! Malone

6 steal dead seeming] Capell; steale dead seeing Q; steal, dead-seeing, conj. Verity

9 Nature] Knight; nature Q

9 bankrout] Q; bankrupt Gildon (variant form)

10–12 veins, . . . gains?] Q; Veins? . . . Gains. Gildon; veins; . . . gains? Capell

12 proud] Q; prov’d Capell; ’priv’d or poor conj. Ridley





Sonnet 68

Thus is his cheek the map of days outworn,



When beauty lived and died as flowers do now,



Before these bastard signs of fair were borne,



Or durst inhabit on a living brow;

4



Before the golden tresses of the dead,



The right of sepulchres, were shorn away,



To live a second life on second head;



Ere beauty’s dead fleece made another gay:

8



In him those holy àntique hours are seen,



Without all ornament, itself and true,



Making no summer of another’s green,



Robbing no old to dress his beauty new;

12



And him as for a map doth Nature store,



To show false Art what beauty was of yore.



Collation notes for Sonnet 68

2 died] Benson (dy’d); dy’ed Q

3 borne] Q; born Gildon

7 a second] Benson; a scond Q

7 head;] Capell; head, Q





Sonnet 69

Those parts of thee that the world’s eye doth view



Want nothing that the thought of hearts can mend;



All tongues (the voice of souls) give thee that due,



Utt’ring bare truth, even so as foes commend.

4



Thy outward thus with outward praise is crowned,



But those same tongues that give thee so thine own,



In other accents do this praise confound



By seeing farther than the eye hath shown.

8



They look into the beauty of thy mind,



And that in guess they measure by thy deeds;



Then, churls, their thoughts (although their eyes were kind)



To thy fair flower add the rank smell of weeds:

12



But why thy odour matcheth not thy show,



The soil is this, that thou dost common grow.



Collation notes for Sonnet 69

3 that due] Capell; that end Q; thy due Gildon2

5 Thy] Gildon2; Their Q; Thine Malone2

11 Then, churls, their] Capell (subst.); Then churls their Q; Then their churl Gildon2; Then churls, their Pooler (with comma after thoughts)

14 soil] Benson (soyle); soyle Q; Toil Gildon; solve Malone; sole conj. Steevens (in Malone); assoil conj. Anon. (in Rollins), reading The as Th’; sully conj. Dover Wilson, reading is as ’s

14 dost] Gildon; doest Q





Sonnet 70

That thou are blamed shall not be thy defect,



For slander’s mark was ever yet the fair;



The ornament of beauty is suspèct,



A crow that flies in heaven’s sweetest air.

4



So thou be good, slander doth but approve



Thy worth the greater, being wooed of time,



For canker vice the sweetest buds doth love,



And thou present’st a pure unstainèd prime.

8



Thou hast passed by the ambush of young days,



Either not assailed, or victor being charged,



Yet this thy praise cannot be so thy praise



To tie up envy, evermore enlarged:

12



If some suspèct of ill masked not thy show,



Then thou alone kingdoms of hearts shouldst owe.



Collation notes for Sonnet 70

1 are] Q; art Benson

6 Thy] Capell; Their Q

6 wooed of time] Q (woo’d); woo’d oftime MS. conj. (see Rollins); wood oftime [or of time] conj. Capell; void of crime conj. Malone1; weigh’d of time conj. Delius; woo’d of crime conj. Staunton; woo’d o’ th’ time conj. Ingram and Redpath

8 unstainèd] Benson; vnstayined Q

12 enlarged:] Sewell1 (inlarg’d;); inlarged, Q (variant form)





Sonnet 71

No longer mourn for me when I am dead



Than you shall hear the surly sullen bell



Give warning to the world that I am fled



From this vile world with vildest worms to dwell;

4



Nay, if you read this line, remember not



The hand that writ it, for I love you so



That I in your sweet thoughts would be forgot,



If thinking on me then should make you woe.

8



O if (I say) you look upon this verse,



When I (perhaps) compounded am with clay,



Do not so much as my poor name rehearse,



But let your love even with my life decay,

12



Lest the wise world should look into your moan,



And mock you with me after I am gone.



Collation notes for Sonnet 71

2 Than] Malone; Then Q; When Sewell, Capell

4 vildest] Q; vilest Gildon (variant form)

11 rehearse,] Gildon2; reherse; Q

12 decay,] Globe; decay. Q





Sonnet 72

O lest the world should task you to recite



What merit lived in me that you should love,



After my death (dear love) forget me quite;



For you in me can nothing worthy prove,

4



Unless you would devise some virtuous lie



To do more for me than mine own desert,



And hang more praise upon deceasèd I



Than niggard truth would willingly impart:

8



O lest your true love may seem false in this,



That you for love speak well of me untrue,



My name be buried where my body is,



And live no more to shame nor me nor you:

12



For I am shamed by that which I bring forth,



And so should you, to love things nothing worth.



Collation notes for Sonnet 72

2 love,] Capell; loue Q; love; Gildon

3 forget] Benson; for get Q

3 quite;] Staunton; quite, Q

4 prove,] Staunton (subst.); proue. Q; prove; Malone (after Gildon2)





Sonnet 73

That time of year thou mayst in me behold



When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang



Upon those boughs which shake against the cold,



Bare ruined choirs, where late the sweet birds sang.

4



In me thou seest the twilight of such day



As after sunset fadeth in the west,



Which by and by black night doth take away,



Death’s second self, that seals up all in rest.

8



In me thou seest the glowing of such fire



That on the ashes of his youth doth lie,



As the death-bed whereon it must expire,



Consumed with that which it was nourished by.

12



This thou perceiv’st, which makes thy love more strong,



To love that well which thou must leave ere long.



Collation notes for Sonnet 73

1 year] Benson (yeare); yeeare Q

2 none, or few,] Capell; none, or few Q; none or few, Tucker

4 Bare ruined choirs] Malone (after Bare ruin’d quires in Benson); Bare rn’wd quiers Q; Barren’wed quiers Lintott; Barren’d of quires Capell

11 death-bed] Benson (death bed); death bed, Q

14 long.] Q; long: Malone





Sonnet 74

But be contented when that fell arrest



Without all bail shall carry me away,



My life hath in this line some interest,



Which for memorial still with thee shall stay.

4



When thou reviewest this, thou dost review



The very part was consecrate to thee:



The earth can have but earth, which is his due;



My spirit is thine, the better part of me.

8



So then thou hast but lost the dregs of life,



The prey of worms, my body being dead,



The coward conquest of a wretch’s knife,



Too base of thee to be rememberèd:

12



The worth of that is that which it contains,



And that is this, and this with thee remains.



Collation notes for Sonnet 74

1 contented] Q; contented: Malone (retaining Q comma after away in 2)

2 away,] Q; away; Gildon2

5 dost] Benson; doest Q

5 review] Q (reuew); renew conj. this edn

12 rememberèd:] Gildon2 (remembered.); remembred, Q





Sonnet 75

So are you to my thoughts as food to life,



Or as sweet seasoned showers are to the ground;



And for the peace of you I hold such strife



As ’twixt a miser and his wealth is found:

4



Now proud as an enjoyer, and anon



Doubting the filching age will steal his treasure;



Now counting best to be with you alone,



Then bettered that the world may see my pleasure:

8



Sometime all full with feasting on your sight,



And by and by clean starvèd for a look;



Possessing or pursuing no delight



Save what is had or must from you be took.

12



Thus do I pine and surfeit day by day,



Or gluttoning on all, or all away.



Collation notes for Sonnet 75

75] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

3 peace] Q; price or sake conj. Malone; prize conj. Staunton; piece conj. Tucker

5 enjoyer] Capell; inioyer Q (variant form)

10 look;] Capell; looke, Q

14 away.] Lintott; away, Q





Sonnet 76

Why is my verse so barren of new pride?



So far from variation or quick change?



Why with the time do I not glance aside



To new-found methods and to compounds strange?

4



Why write I still all one, ever the same,



And keep invention in a noted weed,



That every word doth almost tell my name,



Showing their birth, and where they did proceed?

8



O know, sweet love, I always write of you,



And you and love are still my argument;



So all my best is dressing old words new,



Spending again what is already spent:

12



For as the sun is daily new and old,



So is my love still telling what is told.



Collation notes for Sonnet 76

76] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

4 new-found] Capell; new found Q

4, 8 strange? . . . proceed?] The question marks fail to print in one copy of Q (see Rollins, V, 5)

7 tell] Capell; fel Q; spell conj. Nicholson (in Rollins)

9 know, . . . love,] Capell; know . . . loue Q

14 told.] Lintott; told, Q





Sonnet 77

Thy glass will show thee how thy beauties wear,



Thy dial how thy precious minutes waste,



The vacant leaves thy mind’s imprint will bear,



And of this book, this learning mayst thou taste:

4



The wrinkles which thy glass will truly show



Of mouthèd graves will give thee memory;



Thou by thy dial’s shady stealth mayst know



Time’s thievish progress to eternity;

8



Look what thy memory cannot contain



Commit to these waste blanks, and thou shalt find



Those children nursed, delivered from thy brain,



To take a new acquaintance of thy mind.

12



These offices, so oft as thou wilt look,



Shall profit thee, and much enrich thy book.



Collation notes for Sonnet 77

1, 2 Thy] Q; The conj. Ingram and Redpath

1 wear] Gildon2; were Q

2 minutes] Gildon; mynuits Q (variant form)

3 The] Q; These Capell

10 blanks] Conj. Theobald, Capell; blacks Q

14 enrich] Gentleman; inrich Q (variant form)





Sonnet 78

So oft have I invoked thee for my Muse,



And found such fair assistance in my verse,



As every alien pen hath got my use,



And under thee their poesy disperse.

4



Thine eyes, that taught the dumb on high to sing,



And heavy ignorance aloft to fly,



Have added feathers to the learnèd’s wing



And given grace a double majesty.

8



Yet be most proud of that which I compile,



Whose influence is thine, and born of thee:



In others’ works thou dost but mend the style,



And arts with thy sweet graces gracèd be;

12



But thou art all my art, and dost advance



As high as learning my rude ignorance.



Collation notes for Sonnet 78

3 alien] Murden; Alien Q

7 learnèd’s] Gildon; learneds Q; learnedst conj. Anon (in Rollins)

10 born] Gildon; borne Q (variant form)





Sonnet 79

Whilst I alone did call upon thy aid,



My verse alone had all thy gentle grace,



But now my gracious numbers are decayed,



And my sick Muse doth give another place.

4



I grant (sweet love) thy lovely argument



Deserves the travail of a worthier pen,



Yet what of thee thy poet doth invent



He robs thee of, and pays it thee again:

8



He lends thee virtue, and he stole that word



From thy behaviour; beauty doth he give,



And found it in thy cheek; he can afford



No praise to thee but what in thee doth live.

12



Then thank him not for that which he doth say,



Since what he owes thee, thou thyself dost pay.



Collation notes for Sonnet 79

6 travail] Q; travell Benson

10 behaviour;] Gildon2; behauiour, Q

14 pay.] Benson; pay, Q





Sonnet 80

O how I faint when I of you do write,



Knowing a better spirit doth use your name,



And in the praise thereof spends all his might,



To make me tongue-tied speaking of your fame.

4



But since your worth (wide as the ocean is)



The humble as the proudest sail doth bear,



My saucy bark (inferior far to his)



On your broad main doth wilfully appear.

8



Your shallowest help will hold me up afloat,



Whilst he upon your soundless deep doth ride,



Or (being wracked) I am a worthless boat,



He of tall building and of goodly pride.

12



Then if he thrive and I be cast away,



The worst was this: my love was my decay.



Collation notes for Sonnet 80

11 wracked] Q (wrackt); wreck’d Gildon2 (variant form)

14 this:] Malone (subst.); this, Q





Sonnet 81

Or I shall live your epitaph to make,



Or you survive when I in earth am rotten,



From hence your memory death cannot take,



Although in me each part will be forgotten.

4



Your name from hence immortal life shall have,



Though I (once gone) to all the world must die;



The earth can yield me but a common grave,



When you intombèd in men’s eyes shall lie:

8



Your monument shall be my gentle verse,



Which eyes not yet created shall o’er-read,



And tongues to be your being shall rehearse,



When all the breathers of this world are dead;

12



You still shall live (such virtue hath my pen)



Where breath most breathes, even in the mouths of men.



Collation notes for Sonnet 81

2 rotten,] Q; rotten; Capell; rotten? Gildon

8 intombèd] Q; entombed Capell (variant form)

8 lie;] Gildon2; lye, Q

11–12 rehearse, . . . dead;] Sewell; rehearse, . . . dead, Q; rehearse . . . . dead, Benson; rehearse: . . . dead, Gildon2

14 breathes] Gildon2; breaths Q (variant form)





Sonnet 82

I grant thou wert not married to my Muse,



And therefore mayst without attaint o’erlook



The dedicated words which writers use



Of their fair subject, blessing every book.

4



Thou art as fair in knowledge as in hue,



Finding thy worth a limit past my praise,



And therefore art inforced to seek anew



Some fresher stamp of the time-bettering days.

8



And do so, love; yet when they have devised



What strainèd touches rhetoric can lend,



Thou, truly fair, wert truly sympathised



In true plain words by thy true-telling friend;

12



And their gross painting might be better used



Where cheeks need blood; in thee it is abused.



Collation notes for Sonnet 82

2 mayst] Benson; maiest Q

7 inforced] Q (inforc’d); enforc’d Capell (variant form)

8 the] Q; these Wells

8 time-bettering] Gildon; time bettering Q; time’s bettering Capell

9 so,] Capell; so Q

9 love;] Malone (after Capell); loue, Q

11 Thou,] Capell; Thou Q

12 true-telling] Gildon2; true telling Q





Sonnet 83

I never saw that you did painting need,



And therefore to your fair no painting set;



I found (or thought I found) you did exceed



The barren tender of a poet’s debt:

4



And therefore have I slept in your report,



That you yourself, being extant, well might show



How far a modern quill doth come too short,



Speaking of worth, what worth in you doth grow.

8



This silence for my sin you did impute,



Which shall be most my glory, being dumb,



For I impair not beauty, being mute,



When others would give life, and bring a tomb.

12



There lives more life in one of your fair eyes



Than both your poets can in praise devise.



Collation notes for Sonnet 83

2 set] Q; fet conj., this edn

8 grow.] Gildon; grow, Q

10 glory,] Gildon2; glory Q

11 beauty,] Gildon2; beautie Q





Sonnet 84

Who is it that says most which can say more



Than this rich praise – that you alone are you,



In whose confine immurèd is the store



Which should example where your equal grew?

4



Lean penury within that pen doth dwell



That to his subject lends not some small glory,



But he that writes of you, if he can tell



That you are you, so dignifies his story:

8



Let him but copy what in you is writ,



Not making worse what nature made so clear,



And such a counterpart shall fame his wit,



Making his style admirèd every where.

12



You to your beauteous blessings add a curse,



Being fond on praise, which makes your praises worse.



Collation notes for Sonnet 84

1 most] Kittredge (after conj. Pooler); most, Q; most? Malone

1 more] Gildon2; more, Q

2 praise –] Capell; praise, Q

2 alone] Gildon; alone, Q

2 are you,] Q; art you, Benson; are you? Gildon; are you; Capell; are you – Booth (retaining Q comma after praise)

4 grew?] Capell; grew, Q; grew. Gildon

11 wit] Q; writ Benson

12 every where] Q; everywhere Hazlitt





Sonnet 85

My tongue-tied Muse in manners holds her still,



While comments of your praise, richly compiled,



Reserve their character with golden quill



And precious phrase by all the Muses filed.

4



I think good thoughts, whilst other write good words,



And like unlettered clerk still cry ‘Amen’



To every hymn that able spirit affords



In polished form of well-refinèd pen.

8



Hearing you praised, I say, ‘’Tis so, ’tis true’,



And to the most of praise add something more;



But that is in my thought, whose love to you



(Though words come hindmost) holds his rank before.

12



Then others for the breath of words respect,



Me for my dumb thoughts, speaking in effect.



Collation notes for Sonnet 85

3 Reverse their] Q; Preserve their Gildon2; Rehearse thy conj. Anon. (in Rollins); Rehearse your conj. Anon. (in Rollins); Deserve their conj. Dowden; Reserve your conj. Anon. (in Rollins); Reserve thy Butler; Rehearse their conj. Herford; Receive their conj. Herford; Rescribe their conj. Mackail (in Rollins); Record thy conj. Bullen (in Rollins); Re-serve thy conj. E. Hedger (in Rollins); Treasure their conj. Tucker; Refine their conj. Brooke

6 unlettered] Lintott (vnletter’d); vnlettered Q

6 ‘Amen’] Gildon2 (subst.); Amen Q

8 well-refinèd] Gildon2; well refined Q

9 ‘’Tis . . . true’,] Quoted, Malone; ’tis . . . true, Q





Sonnet 86

Was it the proud full sail of his great verse,



Bound for the prize of all-too-precious you,



That did my ripe thoughts in my brain inhearse,



Making their tomb the womb wherein they grew?

4



Was it his spirit, by spirits taught to write



Above a mortal pitch, that struck me dead?



No, neither he, nor his compeers by night



Giving him aid, my verse astonishèd.

8



He, nor that affable familiar ghost



Which nightly gulls him with intelligence,



As victors, of my silence cannot boast;



I was not sick of any fear from thence;

12



But when your countenance filled up his line,



Then lacked I matter, that infeebled mine.



Collation notes for Sonnet 86

2 all-too-precious] Capell (after Gildon2); (all to precious) Q

11 victors,] Gildon2; victors Q

13 filled] Gildon (fill’d); fild Q; fil’d Malone (conj. Steevens)

14 infeebled] Q; enfeebled Malone (variant form)





Sonnet 87

Farewell, thou art too dear for my possessing,



And like enough thou know’st thy estimate:



The charter of thy worth gives thee releasing;



My bonds in thee are all determinate.

4



For how do I hold thee but by thy granting,



And for that riches where is my deserving?



The cause of this fair gift in me is wanting,



And so my patent back again is swerving.

8



Thy self thou gav’st, thy own worth then not knowing,



Or me, to whom thou gav’st it, else mistaking;



So thy great gift, upon misprision growing,



Comes home again, on better judgement making.

12



Thus have I had thee as a dream doth flatter,



In sleep a king, but waking no such matter.



Collation notes for Sonnet 87

3 charter] Q (Charter); Cha ter Q (some copies)

9 Thy self] Q; Thyself Murden





Sonnet 88

When thou shalt be disposed to set me light,



And place my merit in the eye of scorn,



Upon thy side against myself I’ll fight,



And prove thee virtuous, though thou art forsworn:

4



With mine own weakness being best acquainted,



Upon thy part I can set down a story



Of faults concealed wherein I am attainted,



That thou in losing me shall win much glory;

8



And I by this will be a gainer too,



For, bending all my loving thoughts on thee,



The injuries that to myself I do,



Doing thee vantage, double vantage me.

12



Such is my love, to thee I so belong,



That for thy right myself will bear all wrong.



Collation notes for Sonnet 88

1 disposed] Benson (dispos’d); dispode Q

7 attainted,] Capell; attainted: Q

8 losing] Gildon2; loosing Q (variant form)

10 For,] Capell; For Q





Sonnet 89

Say that thou didst forsake me for some fault,



And I will comment upon that offence;



Speak of my lameness, and I straight will halt,



Against thy reasons making no defence.

4



Thou canst not (love) disgrace me half so ill,



To set a form upon desirèd change,



As I’ll myself disgrace, knowing thy will:



I will acquaintance strangle and look strange,

8



Be absent from thy walks, and in my tongue



Thy sweet belovèd name no more shall dwell,



Lest I (too much profane) should do it wrong,



And haply of our old acquaintance tell.

12



For thee, against myself I’ll vow debate,



For I must ne’er love him whom thou dost hate.



Collation notes for Sonnet 89

3 Speak] Q corr. (Speake), catchword on sig. F3; The Q uncorr.

3 halt,] Capell; halt: Q

7 disgrace,] Q; Disgrace; Gildon

7 will:] Capell; wil, Q; will Butler; will. Kittredge

8 strange,] Neilson; strange: Q

11 profane] Q corr. (prophane); proface Q uncorr.

11 wrong,] Gildon2; wronge: Q





Sonnet 90

Then hate me when thou wilt, if ever, now,



Now while the world is bent my deeds to cross,



Join with the spite of Fortune, make me bow,



And do not drop in for an after-loss.

4



Ah do not, when my heart hath scaped this sorrow,



Come in the rearward of a conquered woe;



Give not a windy night a rainy morrow,



To linger out a purposed overthrow.

8



If thou wilt leave me, do not leave me last,



When other petty griefs have done their spite,



But in the onset come; so shall I taste



At first the very worst of Fortune’s might;

12



And other strains of woe, which now seem woe,



Compared with loss of thee, will not seem so.



Collation notes for Sonnet 90

1 wilt,] Q; wilt; Gildon2

3 Fortune] Tyler; fortune Q

4 after-loss] Capell; after losse Q

10 spite,] Q; Spight; Gildon (retaining comma in line 11)

11 come;] Capell; come, Q

11 shall] Benson; stall Q

12 Fortune’s] Lintott (Fortunes); fortunes Q





Sonnet 91

Some glory in their birth, some in their skill,



Some in their wealth, some in their body’s force,



Some in their garments, though new-fangled ill,



Some in their hawks and hounds, some in their horse;

4



And every humour hath his adjunct pleasure,



Wherein it finds a joy above the rest;



But these particulars are not my measure:



All these I better in one general best.

8



Thy love is better than high birth to me,



Richer than wealth, prouder than garments’ cost,



Of more delight than hawks or horses be;



And having thee, of all men’s pride I boast:

12



Wretched in this alone, that thou mayst take



All this away, and me most wretched make.



Collation notes for Sonnet 91

2 body’s] Capell; bodies Q; bodies’ 1797 edn (in Rollins), Globe

3 ill,] Gildon2; ill: Q

9 better] Benson; bitter Q

10 garments’] Capell; garments Q





Sonnet 92

But do thy worst to steal thyself away,



For term of life thou art assurèd mine,



And life no longer than thy love will stay,



For it depends upon that love of thine.

4



Then need I not to fear the worst of wrongs,



When in the least of them my life hath end;



I see a better state to me belongs



Than that which on thy humour doth depend.

8



Thou canst not vex me with inconstant mind,



Since that my life on thy revolt doth lie.



O what a happy title do I find,



Happy to have thy love, happy to die!

12



But what’s so blessèd-fair that fears no blot?



Thou mayst be false, and yet I know it not.



Collation notes for Sonnet 92

6 end;] Gildon2; end, Q

7 see] Lintott; see, Q

13 blessèd-fair] Malone; blessed faire Q

13 fears] Q; bears conj., this edn

13 blot?] Gildon; blot, Q

14 not.] Q; not: Malone





Sonnet 93

So shall I live, supposing thou art true,



Like a deceivèd husband; so love’s face



May still seem love to me, though altered new;



Thy looks with me, thy heart in other place:

4



For there can live no hatred in thine eye,



Therefore in that I cannot know thy change.



In many’s looks, the false heart’s history



Is writ in moods and frowns and wrinkles strange,

8



But heaven in thy creation did decree



That in thy face sweet love should ever dwell;



What e’er thy thoughts or thy heart’s workings be,



Thy looks should nothing thence but sweetness tell.

12



How like Eve’s apple doth thy beauty grow,



If thy sweet virtue answer not thy show!



Collation notes for Sonnet 93

2 husband;] Gildon; husband, Q

4 place:] Malone; place. Q

6 change.] Gildon; change, Q

8 strange,] Malone1; strange. Q

10 dwell;] Gildon; dwell, Q

11 What e’er] Q; Whate’er Gildon

13 Eve’s] Benson (Eves); Eaues Q

14 show!] Gildon2; show. Q





Sonnet 94

They that have pow’r to hurt, and will do none,



That do not do the thing they most do show,



Who, moving others, are themselves as stone,



Unmovèd, cold, and to temptation slow –

4



They rightly do inherit heaven’s graces,



And husband nature’s riches from expense;



They are the lords and owners of their faces,



Others but stewards of their excellence.

8



The summer’s flow’r is to the summer sweet,



Though to itself it only live and die,



But if that flow’r with base infection meet,



The basest weed outbraves his dignity:

12



For sweetest things turn sourest by their deeds;



Lilies that fester smell far worse than weeds.



Collation notes for Sonnet 94

2 thing] Lintott; thing, Q

4 slow –] Capell; slow: Q





Sonnet 95

How sweet and lovely dost thou make the shame



Which, like a canker in the fragrant rose,



Doth spot the beauty of thy budding name!



O in what sweets dost thou thy sins inclose!

4



That tongue that tells the story of thy days



(Making lascivious comments on thy sport)



Cannot dispraise, but in a kind of praise,



Naming thy name, blesses an ill report.

8



O what a mansion have those vices got



Which for their habitation chose out thee,



Where beauty’s veil doth cover every blot,



And all things turns to fair that eyes can see!

12



Take heed (dear heart) of this large privilege:



The hardest knife ill used doth lose his edge.



Collation notes for Sonnet 95

3 name!] Dyce (1832); name? Q

4 dost] Gildon; doest Q

4 inclose] Q; enclose Malone (variant form)

7 dispraise, . . . praise,] Q; dispraise . . . praise; Capell

8 name,] Q; name Malone

14 lose] Gildon; loose Q (variant form)





Sonnet 96

Some say thy fault is youth, some wantonness,



Some say thy grace is youth and gentle sport;



Both grace and faults are loved of more and less:



Thou mak’st faults graces that to thee resort.

4



As on the finger of a thronèd queen



The basest jewel will be well esteemed,



So are those errors that in thee are seen



To truths translated, and for true things deemed.

8



How many lambs might the stern wolf betray,



If like a lamb he could his looks translate!



How many gazers mightst thou lead away,



If thou wouldst use the strength of all thy state!

12



But do not so; I love thee in such sort,



As thou being mine, mine is thy good report.



Collation notes for Sonnet 96

96] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

6 esteemed,] Collier; esteem’d: Q

7 seen] Knight; seene, Q

10 translate!] Malone; translate. Q

11 mightst] Lintott; mighst Q

12 state!] Malone; state? Q

13 so;] Capell; so, Q





Sonnet 97

How like a winter hath my absence been



From thee, the pleasure of the fleeting year!



What freezings have I felt, what dark days seen!



What old December’s bareness every where!

4



And yet this time removed was summer’s time,



The teeming autumn big with rich increase,



Bearing the wanton burthen of the prime,



Like widowed wombs after their lords’ decease:

8



Yet this abundant issue seem’d to me



But hope of orphans, and unfathered fruit,



For summer and his pleasures wait on thee,



And thou away, the very birds are mute;

12



Or if they sing, ’tis with so dull a cheer



That leaves look pale, dreading the winter’s near.



Collation notes for Sonnet 97

2 year!] Gildon; yeare? Q

3 seen!] Dyce (1832); seene? Q

4 bareness] Q (barenesse); Barenness Gildon1; Barrenness Gildon2

4 every where] Q; everywhere Knight

4 where!] Malone; where? Q

7 burthen] Q; burden Gildon2 (variant form)

8 widowed] Gildon (widow’d); widdowed Q

11 unfathered] Gildon (un-father’d); vn-fathered Q





Sonnet 98

From you have I been absent in the spring,



When proud-pied April (dressed in all his trim)



Hath put a spirit of youth in every thing,



That heavy Saturn laughed and leapt with him.

4



Yet nor the lays of birds, nor the sweet smell



Of different flowers in odour and in hue,



Could make me any summer’s story tell,



Or from their proud lap pluck them where they grew:

8



Nor did I wonder at the lily’s white,



Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose;



They were but sweet, but figures of delight,



Drawn after you, you pattern of all those.

12



Yet seemed it winter still, and, you away,



As with your shadow I with these did play.



Collation notes for Sonnet 98

2 proud-pied] Ewing; proud pide Q

3 every thing] Q; everything Knight

3 thing,] Gildon2; thing: Q

7 tell,] Capell; tell: Q

9 lily’s] Capell; Lillies Q

11 were] Benson; weare Q

11 but sweet, but] Q; my sweet, but conj. Malone; but fleeting conj. Lettsom (in Rollins); best sweet, but conj. Lowell (in Rollins); but suite, but conj. Bulloch (in Rollins); but cunning conj. Hudson2; but, sweet, but Butler; but sweet-fraught or sweetful conj. Tucker; but sweets, but conj., this edn

11 delight,] Gildon; delight: Q

13 and,] Capell; and Q

14 play.] Q; play: Malone





Sonnet 99

The forward violet thus did I chide:



‘Sweet thief, whence didst thou steal thy sweet that smells,



If not from my love’s breath? The purple pride



Which on thy soft cheek for complexion dwells

4



In my love’s veins thou hast too grossly dyed.’



The lily I condemnèd for thy hand,



And buds of marjoram had stol’n thy hair;



The roses fearfully on thorns did stand,

8



One blushing shame, another white despair;



A third, nor red nor white, had stol’n of both,



And to his robb’ry had annexed thy breath,



But for his theft in pride of all his growth

12



A vengeful canker eat him up to death.



More flowers I noted, yet I none could see



But sweet or colour it had stol’n from thee.



Collation notes for Sonnet 99

2–5 ‘Sweet . . . dyed.’] Quoted, Bell; Sweet . . . died, Q

2 smells,] Benson; smels Q

3–4 breath? The . . . dwells] Gildon1; breath, the . . . dwells? Q

5 dyed.] Gildon2; died, Q

7 marjoram] Gildon2; marierom Q (variant form)

9 One] Sewell; Our Q

15 thee.] Q; thee: Malone





Sonnet 100

Where art thou, Muse, that thou forget’st so long



To speak of that which gives thee all thy might?



Spend’st thou thy fury on some worthless song,



Dark’ning thy pow’r to lend base subjects light?

4



Return, forgetful Muse, and straight redeem



In gentle numbers time so idly spent;



Sing to the ear that doth thy lays esteem,



And gives thy pen both skill and argument.

8



Rise, resty Muse, my love’s sweet face survey,



If Time have any wrinkle graven there;



If any, be a satire to decay,



And make Time’s spoils despisèd every where.

12



Give my love fame faster than Time wastes life;



So thou prevent’st his scythe and crookèd knife.



Collation notes for Sonnet 100

4 light?] Gildon; light. Q

10 Time] Ewing; time Q

11 satire] Capell; Satire Q

12 Time’s] Ewing; times Q

12 every where] Q; everywhere Knight

13 Time] Ewing; time Q

14 prevent’st] Gildon; preuenst Q; prevene’st Wells

14 scythe] Q (sieth); scathe conj. Tucker; fierce conj. Tobin





Sonnet 101

O truant Muse, what shall be thy amends



For thy neglect of truth in beauty dyed?



Both truth and beauty on my love depends;



So dost thou too, and therein dignified.

4



Make answer, Muse, wilt thou not haply say,



‘Truth needs no colour with his colour fixed,



Beauty no pencil, beauty’s truth to lay;



But best is best, if never intermixed’?

8



Because he needs no praise, wilt thou be dumb?



Excuse not silence so, for’t lies in thee



To make him much outlive a gilded tomb,



And to be praised of ages yet to be.

12



Then do thy office, Muse; I teach thee how



To make him seem long hence as he shows now.



Collation notes for Sonnet 101

5 Muse,] Q; muse; Capell

6–8 ‘Truth . . . intermixed’?] Quoted, Malone; Truth . . . intermixt. Q

8 intermixed’?] Capell (for question mark); intermixt. Q

11 him] Q; her Benson

11 tomb,] Gildon2; tombe: Q

13 office, Muse;] Capell (muse); office Muse, Q

13 I . . . how] Lintott; I . . . how, Q; (I . . . how): – Ingram and Redpath

14 him . . . he] Q; her . . . she Benson





Sonnet 102

My love is strength’ned, though more weak in seeming;



I love not less, though less the show appear:



That love is merchandised whose rich esteeming



The owner’s tongue doth publish every where.

4



Our love was new, and then but in the spring,



When I was wont to greet it with my lays,



As Philomel in summer’s front doth sing,



And stops his pipe in growth of riper days:

8



Not that the summer is less pleasant now



Than when her mournful hymns did hush the night,



But that wild music burthens every bough,



And sweets grown common lose their dear delight.

12



Therefore like her, I sometime hold my tongue,



Because I would not dull you with my song.



Collation notes for Sonnet 102

1 strength’ned] Q; strengthen’d Ewing, Capell

4 every where] Q; everywhere Knight

8 his] Q; her Housman (1835, in Rollins)

11 burthens] Q; burdens Gildon2 (variant form)

12 lose] Gildon; loose Q (variant form)

13 tongue,] Gildon; tongue: Q





Sonnet 103

Alack, what poverty my Muse brings forth,



That, having such a scope to show her pride,



The argument all bare is of more worth



Than when it hath my added praise beside.

4



O blame me not if I no more can write!



Look in your glass, and there appears a face



That overgoes my blunt invention quite,



Dulling my lines, and doing me disgrace.

8



Were it not sinful then, striving to mend,



To mar the subject that before was well?



For to no other pass my verses tend



Than of your graces and your gifts to tell;

12



And more, much more than in my verse can sit,



Your own glass shows you, when you look in it.



Collation notes for Sonnet 103

10 well?] Lintott; well, Q

13 much more] Q; much more, Lintott





Sonnet 104

To me, fair friend, you never can be old,



For as you were when first your eye I eyed,



Such seems your beauty still. Three winters cold



Have from the forests shook three summers’s pride,

4



Three beauteous springs to yellow autumn turned



In process of the seasons have I seen,



Three April perfumes in three hot Junes burned,



Since first I saw you fresh which yet are green.

8



Ah yet doth beauty, like a dial hand,



Steal from his figure, and no pace perceived;



So your sweet hue, which methinks still doth stand,



Hath motion, and mine eye may be deceived;

12



For fear of which, hear this, thou age unbred:



Ere you were born was beauty’s summer dead.



Collation notes for Sonnet 104

1 friend] Q; love Benson

3 winters] Q (Winters); winters’ Knight

5 autumn] Q (Autumne); autumns Capell

8 you fresh] Q; you, fresh, Gildon; you fresh, Sewell1

10 pace] Q; place Benson

11 stand,] Lintott; stand Q (the d prints brokenly and may have been followed by a comma which hence failed to print)

12 deceived] Gildon1 (deceiv’d); deceaued Q





Sonnet 105

Let not my love be called idolatry,



Nor my belovèd as an idol show,



Since all alike my songs and praises be



To one, of one, still such, and ever so.

4



Kind is my love today, tomorrow kind,



Still constant in a wondrous excellence;



Therefore my verse, to constancy confined,



One thing expressing, leaves out difference.

8



‘Fair, kind, and true’ is all my argument,



‘Fair, kind, and true’, varying to other words,



And in this change is my invention spent,



Three themes in one, which wondrous scope affords.

12



‘Fair’, ‘kind’, and ‘true’ have often lived alone,



Which three till now never kept seat in one.



Collation notes for Sonnet 105

9 ‘Fair . . . true’] Quoted, Globe; Faire . . . true, Q

10 ‘Fair . . . true’] Quoted, Globe; Faire . . . true Q; ‘Fair,’ ‘kind,’ and ‘true’ Brooke

13 ‘Fair’, . . . ‘true’] Beeching; Faire, . . . true, Q

13 alone,] Malone; alone. Q; alone: Gildon2





Sonnet 106

When in the chronicle of wasted time



I see descriptions of the fairest wights,



And beauty making beautiful old rhyme



In praise of ladies dead and lovely knights,

4



Then in the blazon of sweet beauty’s best,



Of hand, of foot, of lip, of eye, of brow,



I see their àntique pen would have expressed



Even such a beauty as you master now.

8



So all their praises are but prophecies



Of this our time, all you prefiguring,



And for they looked but with divining eyes



They had not skill enough your worth to sing:

12



For we, which now behold these present days,



Have eyes to wonder, but lack tongues to praise.



Collation notes for Sonnet 106

5 beauty’s] Gildon1; beauties Q

12 skill] Capell, conj. Tyrwhitt; still Q; style conj. Tucker For MS. versions of this sonnet, see Appendix, pp. 270–1 below.





Sonnet 107

Not mine own fears, nor the prophetic soul



Of the wide world, dreaming on things to come,



Can yet the lease of my true love control,



Supposed as forfeit to a confined doom.

4



The mortal moon hath her eclipse endured,



And the sad augurs mock their own presàge,



Incertainties now crown themselves assured,



And peace proclaims olives of endless age.

8



Now with the drops of this most balmy time



My love looks fresh, and Death to me subscribes,



Since spite of him I’ll live in this poor rhyme,



While he insults o’er dull and speechless tribes.

12



And thou in this shalt find thy monument,



When tyrants’ crests and tombs of brass are spent.



Collation notes for Sonnet 107

1–2 fears, . . . soul . . . world, . . . come,] Gildon; feares, . . . soule, . . . world, . . . come, Q, Dover Wilson; fears, . . . soul . . . world . . . come Capell; fears, . . . soul . . . world . . . come, Malone (after Lintott); fears . . . soul . . . world . . . come Booth

8 age.] The period (though accepted as such by Rollins without comment) may be a lightly printed comma in Q and is so printed in both Alden and the Oxford old-spelling text (1987); Benson’s compositor, however, read it as a period.

10 Death] Malone; death Q





Sonnet 108

What’s in the brain that ink may character



Which hath not figured to thee my true spirit?



What’s new to speak, what now to register,



That may express my love, or thy dear merit?

4



Nothing, sweet boy; but yet, like prayers divine,



I must each day say o’er the very same,



Counting no old thing old, thou mine, I thine,



Even as when first I hallowèd thy fair name.

8



So that eternal love in love’s fresh case



Weighs not the dust and injury of age,



Nor gives to necessary wrinkles place,



But makes antiquity for aye his page,

12



Finding the first conceit of love there bred,



Where time and outward form would show it dead.



Collation notes for Sonnet 108

2 spirit?] Gildon; spirit, Q

3 new . . . now] Q; now . . . now Gentleman; new . . . new Malone

5 sweet boy;] Malone (after Capell); sweet boy, Q; sweet-love Benson

8 hallowèd] Q (accent not in Q); hallow’d Gildon

10 injury] Q; injuries Benson

13 bred,] Q; bred Globe





Sonnet 109

O never say that I was false of heart,



Though absence seemed my flame to qualify;



As easy might I from my self depart



As from my soul, which in thy breast doth lie:

4



That is my home of love. If I have ranged,



Like him that travels I return again,



Just to the time, not with the time exchanged,



So that myself bring water for my stain.

8



Never believe, though in my nature reigned



All frailties that besiege all kinds of blood,



That it could so preposterously be stained



To leave for nothing all thy sum of good;

12



For nothing this wide universe I call,



Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.



Collation notes for Sonnet 109

3 my self] Q; myself Murden

5 love. If] Sewell (subst.); loue, if Q

8 stain.] Gildon2; staine, Q

14 thou, my rose;] Capell; thou my Rose, Q





Sonnet 110

Alas ’tis true, I have gone here and there,



And made myself a motley to the view,



Gored mine own thoughts, sold cheap what is most dear,



Made old offences of affections new.

4



Most true it is that I have looked on truth



Askance and strangely; but, by all above,



These blenches gave my heart another youth,



And worse essays proved thee my best of love.

8



Now all is done, have what shall have no end:



Mine appetite I never more will grind



On newer proof, to try an older friend,



A god in love, to whom I am confined.

12



Then give me welcome, next my heaven the best,



Even to thy pure and most most loving breast.



Collation notes for Sonnet 110

1 true,] Q; true Dyce

6 Askance] Gildon2; Asconce Q (variant form)

8 essays] Q; assaies Benson

8–9 love . . . done,] Gildon2; loue, . . . done, Q; love: . . . done; Capell

9 end:] Malone (after Capell); end, Q

12 god] Murden; God Q





Sonnet 111

O for my sake do you with Fortune chide,



The guilty goddess of my harmful deeds,



That did not better for my life provide



Than public means which public manners breeds.

4



Thence comes it that my name receives a brand,



And almost thence my nature is subdued



To what it works in, like the dyer’s hand.



Pity me then, and wish I were renewed,

8



Whilst like a willing patient I will drink



Potions of eisel ’gainst my strong infection;



No bitterness that I will bitter think,



Nor double penance to correct correction.

12



Pity me then, dear friend, and I assure ye



Even that your pity is enough to cure me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 111

1 with] Gildon; wish Q

1 Fortune] Knight; fortune Q

2 harmful] Q; harmelesse Benson

12 to] Q; too conj. Kenyon (in Rollins)





Sonnet 112

Your love and pity doth th’impression fill



Which vulgar scandal stamped upon my brow,



For what care I who calls me well or ill,



So you o’er-green my bad, my good allow?

4



You are my all the world, and I must strive



To know my shames and praises from your tongue;



None else to me, nor I to none alive,



That my steeled sense or changes right or wrong.

8



In so profound abysm I throw all care



Of others’ voices, that my adder’s sense



To critic and to flatterer stoppèd are.



Mark how with my neglect I do dispense:

12



You are so strongly in my purpose bred



That all the world besides methinks th’are dead.



Collation notes for Sonnet 112

8 or changes] Q; e’er changes, conj. Malone; so changes conj. Knight; changes, or conj. Keightley; or charges conj. Anon. (in Rollins); o’erchanges conj. Tucker

8 wrong.] Gildon2; wrong, Q

9 abysm] Murden (subst.); Abisme Q

14 besides methinks th’are] This edn; besides me thinkes y’are Q; besides me, thinks I’m Sewell1; besides me thinks I’m Sewell2; besides, me thinks, are Capell; besides methinks are Malone1; besides, methinks, is [or are] conj. Steevens (in Malone); besides methinks they are Malone2; besides methinks they’re Dyce; besides, methinks y’are Tyler (reading That,); besides methinks you’re Neilson1





Sonnet 113

Since I left you, mine eye is in my mind,



And that which governs me to go about



Doth part his function, and is partly blind,



Seems seeing, but effectually is out;

4



For it no form delivers to the heart



Of bird, of flow’r, or shape which it doth latch;



Of his quick objects hath the mind no part;



Nor his own vision holds what it doth catch:

8



For if it see the rud’st or gentlest sight,



The most sweet favour or deformèd’st creature,



The mountain, or the sea, the day, or night,



The crow, or dove, it shapes them to your feature.

12



Incapable of more, replete with you,



My most true mind thus maketh mine eye untrue.



Collation notes for Sonnet 113

6 bird, of] Q; birds, or Benson

6 latch;] Capell; lack, Q

10 sweet favour] Benson; sweet-fauor Q; sweet-favour’d conj. Delius

11 night,] Gildon2; night: Q

13 more, replete] Gildon; more repleat, Q

14 maketh mine eye] Keightley; maketh mine Q; makes mine eye Capell; maketh my eyne conj. Collier; mak’th mine eye conj. Lettsom (in Rollins); maketh m’eye Cartwright (in Rollins); maketh m’eyne conj. Cartwright (in Rollins); maketh mind White2; maketh eyne conj. Verity





Sonnet 114

Or whether doth my mind being crowned with you



Drink up the monarch’s plague, this flattery?



Or whether shall I say mine eye saith true,



And that your love taught it this alcumy,

4



To make of monsters, and things indigest,



Such cherubins as your sweet self resemble,



Creating every bad a perfect best



As fast as objects to his beams assemble?

8



O ’tis the first, ’tis flatt’ry in my seeing,



And my great mind most kingly drinks it up;



Mine eye well knows what with his gust is greeing,



And to his palate doth prepare the cup.

12



If it be poisoned, ’tis the lesser sin



That mine eye loves it and doth first begin.



Collation notes for Sonnet 114

2 plague,] Gildon; plague Q

4 alcumy,] Malone (after Capell); Alcumie? Q; Alcumie / Benson; Alchymy? / Sewell (after Gildon / Alchimy?); alchemy, Hudson (variant forms)

6 cherubins] Capell; cherubines Q; Cherubims Gildon2 (variant form)

8 assemble?] Gildon; assemble: Q

10 kingly] Q; kindly Benson





Sonnet 115

Those lines that I before have writ do lie,



Even those that said I could not love you dearer;



Yet then my judgement knew no reason why



My most full flame should afterwards burn clearer.

4



But reckoning Time, whose millioned accidents



Creep in ’twixt vows, and change decrees of kings,



Tan sacred beauty, blunt the sharp’st intents,



Divert strong minds to th’course of alt’ring things –

8



Alas, why, fearing of Time’s tyranny,



Might I not then say ‘Now I love you best’,



When I was certain o’er incertainty,



Crowning the present, doubting of the rest?

12



Love is a babe: then might I not say so,



To give full growth to that which still doth grow.



Collation notes for Sonnet 115

5 Time] Ewing; time Q

5–8 Time, . . . intents, / Divert . . . things –] Q (subst., time, . . . things:); time, – . . . intents, – Diverts . . . things. Capell

5 millioned] Lintott (million’d); milliond Q

9 Alas, why,] Capell; Alas why Q; Alas! why Gildon; Alas! why, Malone

9 Time’s] Ewing; times Q

10 ‘Now . . . best’] Quoted, Malone; now . . . best Q

11 incertainty] Gildon2; in-certainty Q

12 rest?] Gildon; rest: Q

13 babe:] Capell (subst.); Babe, Q

13 not] Q; not / Beeching

13 so,] Gildon2; so Q

14 grow.] Q; grow? Gildon





Sonnet 116

Let me not to the marriage of true minds



Admit impediments; love is not love



Which alters when it alteration finds,



Or bends with the remover to remove.

4



O no, it is an ever-fixèd mark



That looks on tempests and is never shaken;



It is the star to every wand’ring bark,



Whose worth’s unknown, although his heighth be taken.

8



Love’s not Time’s fool, though rosy lips and cheeks



Within his bending sickle’s compass come;



Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,



But bears it out even to the edge of doom.

12



If this be error and upon me proved,



I never writ, nor no man ever loved.



Collation notes for Sonnet 116

Number: 116] Q corr; 119 Q uncorr.

2 impediments;] Gildon2; impediments, Q

5 ever-fixèd] Gildon2; euer fixed Q

7 wand’ring] Q; wandering Malone

8 worth’s] Q (worths); north’s conj. Walker (in Rollins)

8 heighth] Munro; hight Q; hight Benson; Height Gildon; highth Capell

13–14 proved . . . loved] Ewing (prov’d . . . lov’d); proued . . . loued Q For a text of 116 set to music, see Appendix, p. 271 below.





Sonnet 117

Accuse me thus: that I have scanted all



Wherein I should your great deserts repay,



Forgot upon your dearest love to call,



Whereto all bonds do tie me day by day;

4



That I have frequent been with unknown minds,



And given to time your own dear-purchased right;



That I have hoisted sail to all the winds



Which should transport me farthest from your sight.

8



Book both my wilfulness and errors down,



And on just proof surmise accumulate;



Bring me within the level of your frown,



But shoot not at me in your wakened hate;

12



Since my appeal says I did strive to prove



The constancy and virtue of your love.



Collation notes for Sonnet 117

6 dear-purchased] Sewell1, Capell; deare purchas’d Q

9 errors] Q; errour Benson

10 proof surmise] Knight; proofe surmise, Q; Proof, Surmise, Sewell1, Capell; proof, surmise Malone

10 accumulate] Gildon2; accumilate Q (variant form)

12 wakened] Capell (waken’d); wakened Q

14 love.] Benson; loue Q





Sonnet 118

Like as to make our appetites more keen



With eager compounds we our palate urge,



As to prevent our maladies unseen



We sicken to shun sickness when we purge:

4



Even so, being full of your ne’er-cloying sweetness,



To bitter sauces did I frame my feeding,



And, sick of welfare, found a kind of meetness



To be diseased ere that there was true needing.

8



Thus policy in love, t’anticipate



The ills that were not, grew to faults assured,



And brought to medicine a healthful state



Which, rank of goodness, would by ill be cured.

12



But thence I learn, and find the lesson true,



Drugs poison him that so fell sick of you.



Collation notes for Sonnet 118

5 ne’er-cloying] Conj. Theobald, Capell; nere cloying Q; neare cloying Benson

6 feeding,] Malone; feeding; Q

7 welfare] Gildon; wel-fare Q

10 were not,] Gildon; were, not Q

10 assured] Malone2 (assur’d); assured Q

12 Which, . . . goodness,] Capell; Which . . . goodnesse Q

12 cured] Malone2 (cur’d); cured Q





Sonnet 119

What potions have I drunk of Siren tears



Distilled from limbecks foul as hell within,



Applying fears to hopes, and hopes to fears,



Still losing when I saw myself to win!

4



What wretched errors hath my heart committed,



Whilst it hath thought itself so blessèd never!



How have mine eyes out of their spheres been fitted



In the distraction of this madding fever!

8



O benefit of ill! now I find true



That better is by evil still made better,



And ruined love when it is built anew



Grows fairer than at first, more strong, far greater.

12



So I return rebuked to my content,



And gain by ills thrice more than I have spent.



Collation notes for Sonnet 119

1 Siren] Murden; Syren Q

4 losing] Gildon; loosing Q (variant form)

4–8 win! . . . never! . . . fever!] Malone; win? . . . neuer? . . . feuer? Q

7 been fitted] Q; been flitted conj. Lettsom (in Dyce); e’en flitted conj. Hudson2

9 ill!] Gildon; ill, Q

14 ills] Q; ill Malone





Sonnet 120

That you were once unkind befriends me now,



And for that sorrow which I then did feel



Needs must I under my transgression bow,



Unless my nerves were brass or hammerèd steel.

4



For if you were by my unkindness shaken



As I by yours, y’have passed a hell of time,



And I, a tyrant, have no leisure taken



To weigh how once I suffered in your crime.

8



O that our night of woe might have rememb’red



My deepest sense, how hard true sorrow hits,



And soon to you, as you to me then, tend’red



The humble salve, which wounded bosoms fits!

12



But that your trespass now becomes a fee;



Mine ransoms yours, and yours must ransom me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 120

4 hammerèd] Q (accent added); hammer’d Gildon

6 time] Lintott; Time Q

8 suffered] Gildon2 (suffer’d); suffered Q

9–11 rememb’red . . . tend’red] Q; remember’d . . . tender’d Murden

11 you, . . . me then,] Conj. Walker (in Rollins); you, . . . me then Q; you, . . . me, then Capell; you . . . me then Ingram and Redpath





Sonnet 121

’Tis better to be vile than vile esteemed,



When not to be receives reproach of being,



And the just pleasure lost, which is so deemed



Not by our feeling but by others’ seeing.

4



For why should others’ false adulterate eyes



Give salutation to my sportive blood?



Or on my frailties why are frailer spies,



Which in their wills count bad what I think good?

8



No, I am that I am, and they that level



At my abuses reckon up their own;



I may be straight though they themselves be bevel;



By their rank thoughts my deeds must not be shown,

12



Unless this general evil they maintain:



All men are bad and in their badness reign.



Collation notes for Sonnet 121

1 vile esteemed] Gildon (vile esteem’d); vile esteemed Q; vile-esteem’d conj. Walker (in Rollins)

3 deemed] Malone (deem’d after Gildon2 deem’d,); deemed, Q

5 For why] Q; Forwhy conj. Pooler

7 spies,] Capell; spies; Q

11 bevel;] Gildon2; beuel Q

12 thoughts . . . shown,] Gildon; thoughtes, . . . shown Q





Sonnet 122

Thy gift, thy tables, are within my brain



Full charactered with lasting memory,



Which shall above that idle rank remain



Beyond all date, even to eternity;

4



Or, at the least, so long as brain and heart



Have faculty by nature to subsist,



Till each to razed oblivion yield his part



Of thee, thy record never can be missed.

8



That poor retention could not so much hold,



Nor need I tallies thy dear love to score;



Therefore to give them from me was I bold,



To trust those tables that receive thee more:

12



To keep an adjunct to remember thee



Were to import forgetfulness in me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 122

1 Thy gift,] Benson; TThy guift,, Q

6 subsist,] Q; subsist; Gildon1; subsist – Booth (with dash after eternity in 4)





Sonnet 123

No! Time, thou shalt not boast that I do change:



Thy pyramids built up with newer might



To me are nothing novel, nothing strange;



They are but dressings of a former sight.

4



Our dates are brief, and therefore we admire



What thou dost foist upon us that is old,



And rather make them born to our desire



Than think that we before have heard them told.

8



Thy registers and thee I both defy,



Not wond’ring at the present, nor the past,



For thy recòrds, and what we see, doth lie,



Made more or less by thy continual haste.

12



This I do vow and this shall ever be:



I will be true despite thy scythe and thee.



Collation notes for Sonnet 123

1 No! Time,] Q; No Time, Lintott; No, Time! Sewell; No, time, Capell

7 born] Gildon; borne Q; borne Wyndham (= bourn)

11 see,] Capell; see Q

14 thee.] Q; thee; Malone2





Sonnet 124

If my dear love were but the child of state,



It might for Fortune’s bastard be unfathered,



As subject to Time’s love, or to Time’s hate,



Weeds among weeds, or flowers with flowers gathered.

4



No, it was builded far from accident;



It suffers not in smiling pomp, nor falls



Under the blow of thrallèd discontent,



Whereto th’inviting time our fashion calls;

8



It fears not Policy, that heretic,



Which works on leases of short-numb’red hours,



But all alone stands hugely politic,



That it nor grows with heat, nor drowns with show’rs.

12



To this I witness call the fools of Time,



Which die for goodness, who have lived for crime.



Collation notes for Sonnet 124

2 Fortune’s] Knight; fortunes Q

2 unfathered] Gildon2 (un-father’d); vnfathered Q

3 Time’s . . . Time’s] Ewing; times . . . times Q

9 Policy] Kittredge; policy Q

9 heretic,] Capell; Heriticke, Q; heretic Tucker

10 short-numb’red] Capell (short-number’d); short numbred Q

13 fools of Time] Massey (after Benson fooles); foles of time Q





Sonnet 125

Were’t aught to me I bore the canopy,



With my extern the outward honouring,



Or laid great bases for eternity,



Which proves more short than waste or ruining?

4



Have I not seen dwellers on form and favour



Lose all, and more, by paying too much rent,



For compound sweet forgoing simple savour,



Pitiful thrivers, in their gazing spent?

8



No, let me be obsequious in thy heart,



And take thou my oblation, poor but free,



Which is not mixed with seconds, knows no art



But mutual render, only me for thee.

12



Hence, thou suborned informer! A true soul



When most impeached stands least in thy control.



Collation notes for Sonnet 125

1 Were’t . . . me] Q (Wer’t ought to me); Were it aught to me Malone

6–7 rent, . . . sweet] Malone; rent . . . sweet; Q; rent . . . sweet, Lintott; rent; . . . sweet Capell; rent – . . . sweet Tucker

8 spent?] Capell; spent. Q

11 art] Capell; art, Q

13 informer!] Murden (after Gildon / Informer!); Informer, Q





Sonnet 126

O thou my lovely boy, who in thy power



Dost hold Time’s fickle glass, his sickle, hour;



Who hast by waning grown, and therein show’st



Thy lovers withering, as thy sweet self grow’st;

4



If Nature (sovereign mistress over wrack),



As thou goest onwards still will pluck thee back,



She keeps thee to this purpose, that her skill



May Time disgrace, and wretched minutes kill.

8



Yet fear her, O thou minion of her pleasure,



She may detain, but not still keep, her treasure!



Her audit (though delayed) answered must be,



And her quietus is to render thee.

12



Collation notes for Sonnet 126

126] This sonnet omitted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

2 Dost] Capell; Doest Q

2 Time’s] Malone2; times Q

2 fickle] Q; tickle conj. Kinnear (in Rollins); sickle, Butler; brittle conj. W. B. Brown (in Rollins); brickle conj. Tucker

2 sickle, hour] Q (hower); fickle hower Lintott, Capell; sickle-hour conj. Walker (in Rollins); fickle mower conj. Bulloch (in Rollins); sickle hour Tyler; tickle hour conj. Anon. (in Rollins); sickle lower conj. Anon. (in Rollins)

3 show’st] Capell; shou’st, Q

4 lovers] Q; lover’s conj. Delius; lovers’ conj. Booth

5 mistress] Capell; misteres Q (variant form)

6 onwards still] Q; onwards, still Malone; onwards still, conj., this edn

7 skill] Lintott; skill. Q

8 Time] Tyler; time Q

8 minutes] Capell (minuits); mynuit Q

11 audit] Malone (after Capell, who accidentally forgot to cancel the italics); Audite Q

12 quietus] Capell; Quietus Q

12] Q indicates that there are two missing lines following 12 by two pairs of parentheses, spaced out the full line length and, indented, set one above the other; first omitted by Malone





Sonnet 127

In the old age black was not counted fair,



Or if it were it bore not beauty’s name;



But now is black beauty’s successive heir,



And beauty slandered with a bastard shame:

4



For since each hand hath put on Nature’s power,



Fairing the foul with art’s false borrowed face,



Sweet beauty hath no name, no holy bower,



But is profaned, if not lives in disgrace.

8



Therefore my mistress’ eyes are raven black,



Her eyes so suited, and they mourners seem



At such who not born fair no beauty lack,



Sland’ring creation with a false esteem:

12



Yet so they mourn, becoming of their woe,



That every tongue says beauty should look so.



Collation notes for Sonnet 127

2 were] Benson; weare Q

6 art’s] Capell (after Lintott arts); Arts Q

7 bower,] Gildon; boure, Q; bower Capell; hour, Malone

9 mistress’] Gildon2; Mistersse Q (variant form); Mistresse Benson

9–10 eyes . . . eyes] Q; eyes . . . hairs Capell; hairs . . . eyes conj. Walker (in Rollins); brows . . . eyes conj. Staunton; eyes . . . brows conj. Staunton; hairs . . . brows conj. Kinnear (in Rollins); eyes . . . brow Ingram and Redpath; eyes . . . hair conj., this edn

9 raven black] Q; raven-black Wells

10 and] Q; that Gildon1; as Dyce

13 mourn,] Lintott; mourne Q





Sonnet 128

How oft, when thou, my music, music play’st



Upon that blessèd wood whose motion sounds



With thy sweet fingers when thou gently sway’st



The wiry concord that mine ear confounds,

4



Do I envỳ those jacks that nimble leap



To kiss the tender inward of thy hand,



Whilst my poor lips, which should that harvest reap,



At the wood’s boldness by thee blushing stand!

8



To be so tickled they would change their state



And situation with those dancing chips



O’er whom thy fingers walk with gentle gait,



Making dead wood more blest than living lips.

12



Since saucy jacks so happy are in this,



Give them thy fingers, me thy lips to kiss.



Collation notes for Sonnet 128

1 music play’st] Lintott; musike playst, Q; Musick-play’st, Gildon2; music playest, Collier

8 stand!] Malone; stand. Q; stand? Capell

9 tickled] Q (tikled); tickl’d Capell

11 thy] Gildon1, Capell; their Q

12 lips.] Benson; lips, Q

14 thy fingers] Benson; their fingers Q For a slightly different manuscript version, see Appendix, p. 271 below.





Sonnet 129

Th’expense of spirit in a waste of shame



Is lust in action, and till action, lust



Is perjured, murd’rous, bloody, full of blame,



Savage, extreme, rude, cruel, not to trust,

4



Enjoyed no sooner but despisèd straight,



Past reason hunted, and no sooner had,



Past reason hated as a swallowed bait



On purpose laid to make the taker mad:

8



Mad in pursuit, and in possession so,



Had, having, and in quest to have, extreme,



A bliss in proof, and proved, a very woe,



Before, a joy proposed, behind, a dream.

12



All this the world well knows, yet none knows well



To shun the heaven that leads men to this hell.



Collation notes for Sonnet 129

3 bloody,] Lintott; blouddy Q

5 Enjoyed] Murden; Inioyd Q (variant form)

6 had,] Lintott; had Q

7 swallowed] Gildon2 (swallow’d); swollowed Q

8 mad:] Capell; mad. Q

9 Mad in] Gildon1, Capell; Made In Q

10 quest to have,] Capell; quest, to haue Q

11 proved, a] Capell; proud and Q; prov’d, and Gildon1; proud, and Gildon2; prov’d a Sewell1





Sonnet 130

My mistress’ eyes are nothing like the sun;



Coral is far more red than her lips’ red;



If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun;



If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head.

4



I have seen roses damasked, red and white,



But no such roses see I in her cheeks,



And in some perfumes is there more delight



Than in the breath that from my mistress reeks.

8



I love to hear her speak, yet well I know



That music hath a far more pleasing sound;



I grant I never saw a goddess go –



My mistress when she walks treads on the ground.

12



And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare



As any she belied with false compare.



Collation notes for Sonnet 130

2 Coral] Gildon; Currall Q (variant form)

2 lips’] Capell; lips Q; lip’s conj., this edn

11 go –] Malone; goe, Q; go; Gildon2





Sonnet 131

Thou art as tyrannous, so as thou art,



As those whose beauties proudly make them cruel;



For well thou know’st to my dear doting heart



Thou art the fairest and most precious jewel.

4



Yet in good faith some say that thee behold,



Thy face hath not the power to make love groan;



To say they err, I dare not be so bold,



Although I swear it to myself alone.

8



And to be sure that is not false I swear,



A thousand groans but thinking on thy face



One on another’s neck do witness bear



Thy black is fairest in my judgement’s place.

12



In nothing art thou black save in thy deeds,



And thence this slander as I think proceeds.



Collation notes for Sonnet 131

5 Yet . . . faith] Q; Yet, . . . faith, Capell

9 swear,] Gildon1, Capell; sweare Q; swear; Gildon2

14 slander . . . think] Q; Slander, . . . think, Gildon





Sonnet 132

Thine eyes I love, and they, as pitying me,



Knowing thy heart torment me with disdain,



Have put on black, and loving mourners be,



Looking with pretty ruth upon my pain.

4



And truly not the morning sun of heaven



Better becomes the grey cheeks of the east,



Nor that full star that ushers in the even



Doth half that glory to the sober west

8



As those two mourning eyes become thy face.



O let it then as well beseem thy heart



To mourn for me, since mourning doth thee grace,



And suit thy pity like in every part.

12



Then will I swear beauty herself is black,



And all they foul that thy complexion lack.



Collation notes for Sonnet 132

1 they,] Gildon1; they Q

1 me,] Q; me, – Ingram and Redpath

2 heart] Q; heart, Malone

2 torment] Q; torments Benson

6 the east] Gildon2; th’East Q

9 mourning] Gildon; morning Q





Sonnet 133

Beshrew that heart that makes my heart to groan



For that deep wound it gives my friend and me!



Is’t not enough to torture me alone,



But slave to slavery my sweet’st friend must be?

4



Me from myself thy cruel eye hath taken,



And my next self thou harder hast engrossed:



Of him, myself, and thee I am forsaken,



A torment thrice threefold thus to be crossed.

8



Prison my heart in thy steel bosom’s ward,



But then my friend’s heart let my poor heart bail;



Whoe’er keeps me, let my heart be his guard,



Thou canst not then use rigour in my jail.

12



And yet thou wilt, for I, being pent in thee,



Perforce am thine, and all that is in me.



Collation notes for Sonnet 133

2 me!] Capell; me; Q

4 be?] Gildon; be. Q

6 engrossed:] Dyce (after Gildon2 engross’d;); ingrossed, Q (variant form)

8 crossed.] Gildon2 (cross’d.); crossed: Q





Sonnet 134

So now I have confessed that he is thine,



And I myself am mortgaged to thy will,



Myself I’ll forfeit, so that other mine



Thou wilt restore to be my comfort still:

4



But thou wilt not, nor he will not be free,



For thou art covetous, and he is kind;



He learned but surety-like to write for me



Under that bond that him as fast doth bind.

8



The statute of thy beauty thou wilt take,



Thou usurer, that put’st forth all to use,



And sue a friend came debtor for my sake,



So him I lose through my unkind abuse.

12



Him have I lost, thou hast both him and me;



He pays the whole, and yet am I not free.



Collation notes for Sonnet 134

1 So now] Q; So, now Capell

1 thine,] Q; thine Neilson

2–3 myself . . . Myself] Murden; my selfe . . . My selfe Q

12 lose] Gildon; loose Q (variant form)





Sonnet 135

Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy Will,



And Will to boot, and Will in overplus;



More than enough am I that vex thee still,



To thy sweet will making addition thus.

4



Wilt thou, whose will is large and spacious,



Not once vouchsafe to hide my will in thine?



Shall will in others seem right gracious,



And in my will no fair acceptance shine?

8



The sea, all water, yet receives rain still,



And in abundance addeth to his store;



So thou being rich in Will add to thy Will



One will of mine to make thy large Will more.

12



Let no unkind, no fair beseechers kill;



Think all but one, and me in that one Will.



Collation notes for Sonnet 135

1 Will] Murden; Will Q (also italicised in 2 (twice), 11 (twice), 12 (‘large Will’), 14); will Malone (except in 14)

6 thine?] Gildon; thine, Q

8 shine?] Lintott; shine: Q

13 Let no unkind, no] Q; Let no unkind ‘No’ conj. Dowden; Let no unkind no Tyler; Let no unkindness Butler; Be not unkind, no (or nor) conj. Pooler; Let ‘No’ unkind no Tucker; Let ‘No’, unkind, no Ingram and Redpath





Sonnet 136

If thy soul check thee that I come so near,



Swear to thy blind soul that I was thy Will,



And will thy soul knows is admitted there;



Thus far for love, my love-suit, sweet, fulfil.

4



Will will fulfil the treasure of thy love,



Ay, fill it full with wills, and my will one.



In things of great receipt with ease we prove



Among a number one is reckoned none:

8



Then in the number let me pass untold,



Though in thy store’s account I one must be;



For nothing hold me, so it please thee hold



That nothing me, a something sweet to thee.

12



Make but my name thy love, and love that still,



And then thou lovest me for my name is Will.



Collation notes for Sonnet 136

2 Will] Murden; Will Q (also italicised in 5, 14); will Malone (capitalised roman in 5, 14)

4 love-suit, sweet,] Malone (after Capell); loue-sute sweet Q; love-suit, sweet Butler

5 Will will] Lintott (Will will); Will, will Q; With Will / conj. Adams (in Rollins)

6 Ay] Capell; I Q

7 prove] Dyce; prooue, Q (some copies may possibly read prooue.); prove; Malone

10 store’s] Gildon2; stores Q; stores’ Malone

12 nothing me,] Q; Nothing-me, Gildon1; nothing, me, Hudson1; no thing, me conj. Tucker; no-thing me Ingram and Redpath

12 something sweet] Q (some-thing); something (sweet) Capell; some-thing, sweet, Ingram and Redpath

14 lovest] Q; lov’st Sewell





Sonnet 137

Thou blind fool, Love, what dost thou to mine eyes,



That they behold, and see not what they see?



They know what beauty is, see where it lies,



Yet what the best is take the worst to be.

4



If eyes, corrupt by over-partial looks,



Be anchored in the bay where all men ride,



Why of eyes’ falsehood hast thou forgèd hooks,



Whereto the judgement of my heart is tied?

8



Why should my heart think that a several plot,



Which my heart knows the wide world’s common place?



Or mine eyes seeing this, say this is not,



To put fair truth upon so foul a face?

12



In things right true my heart and eyes have erred,



And to this false plague are they now transferred.



Collation notes for Sonnet 137

1 fool, Love,] Malone; foole loue, Q; fool, love, Tucker

2 behold,] Gildon2; behold Q

2 see?] Gildon; see: Q

5 eyes,] Gildon1, Capell; eyes Q

11 this is not,] Sewell1; this is not Q; quoted, Tucker (after Capell)

12 face?] Gildon2; face, Q

13 erred] Gildon (err’d); erred Q

14 transferred] Gildon (transferr’d); transferred Q





Sonnet 138

When my love swears that she is made of truth,



I do believe her, though I know she lies,



That she might think me some untutored youth,



Unlearnèd in the world’s false subtleties.

4



Thus vainly thinking that she thinks me young,



Although she knows my days are past the best,



Simply I credit her false-speaking tongue:



On both sides thus is simple truth suppressed.

8



But wherefore says she not she is unjust?



And wherefore say not I that I am old?



O love’s best habit is in seeming trust,



And age in love loves not t’have years told.

12



Therefore I lie with her, and she with me,



And in our faults by lies we flattered be.



Collation notes for Sonnet 138

138] A variant version of this sonnet was printed in ‘The Passionate Pilgrim’ (1599), the text of which (from the 1612 edition) was reprinted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

4 Unlearnèd . . . subtleties] Q (subtilties); Vnskilful . . . forgeries ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

6 she . . . are] Q; I know my yeares be ‘Passionate Pilgrim’; I know my yeres are Folger MS. 2071.7

7 Simply I] Q; I smiling ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

7 false-speaking] Sewell1, Capell; false speaking Q

8 On . . . suppressed] Q; Outfacing faults in loue, with loues ill rest ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

9 she . . . unjust] Q; my loue that she is young ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

11 habit is in] Q; habit’s in a ‘Passionate Pilgrim’ (1st edn, 1599); habite is a ‘Passionate Pilgrim’ (2nd edn, 1599), Gildon

11 seeming trust] Q; soothing toung ‘Passionate Pilgrim’; smoothinge tongue Folger MS. 2071.7, Gildon

12 t’have] Q; to haue ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

13 I . . . she] Q; I’le lye with Loue, and loue ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

14 And . . . flattered] Q; Since that our faultes in loue thus smother’d ‘Passionate Pilgrim’; Since yt or faults in loue thus smothered Folger MS. 2071.7

14 flattered] Capell (flatter’d); flattered Q





Sonnet 139

O call not me to justify the wrong



That thy unkindness lays upon my heart;



Wound me not with thine eye but with thy tongue;



Use power with power, and slay me not by art.

4



Tell me thou lov’st elsewhere; but in my sight,



Dear heart, forbear to glance thine eye aside;



What need’st thou wound with cunning when thy might



Is more than my o’erpressed defence can bide?

8



Let me excuse thee: ‘Ah, my love well knows



Her pretty looks have been mine enemies,



And therefore from my face she turns my foes,



That they elsewhere might dart their injuries.’

12



Yet do not so, but since I am near slain,



Kill me outright with looks, and rid my pain.



Collation notes for Sonnet 139

1 O] Q; O! Gildon1; O, Capell

9–12 ‘Ah, . . . injuries.’] Quoted, Tucker; ah . . . iniuries: Q

10 mine] Q; my Benson

13 near] Gildon; neere Q





Sonnet 140

Be wise as thou art cruel, do not press



My tongue-tied patience with too much disdain,



Lest sorrow lend me words, and words express



The manner of my pity-wanting pain.

4



If I might teach thee wit, better it were,



Though not to love, yet, love, to tell me so –



As testy sick men, when their deaths be near,



No news but health from their physicians know.

8



For if I should despair, I should grow mad,



And in my madness might speak ill of thee;



Now this ill-wresting world is grown so bad,



Mad slanderers by mad ears believèd be.

12



That I may not be so, nor thou belied,



Bear thine eyes straight, though thy proud heart go wide.



Collation notes for Sonnet 140

2 tongue-tied] Lintott; toung tide Q

2 disdain,] Capell; disdaine: Q

4 pity-wanting] Gildon; pittie wanting Q

5 were] Gildon; weare Q

6 yet, love,] Capell (subst.); yet loue Q

6 so –] Gildon2 (so:); so, Q

7 sick men] Gildon2; sick-men Q

11 Now] Q; Know conj., this edn

11 ill-wresting] Lintott; ill wresting Q

13 belied] Gildon (bely’d); be lyde Q; be-lide Benson





Sonnet 141

In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,



For they in thee a thousand errors note,



But ’tis my heart that loves what they despise,



Who in despite of view is pleased to dote.

4



Nor are mine ears with thy tongue’s tune delighted,



Nor tender feeling to base touches prone,



Nor taste, nor smell, desire to be invited



To any sensual feast with thee alone;

8



But my five wits nor my five senses can



Dissuade one foolish heart from serving thee,



Who leaves unswayed the likeness of a man,



Thy proud heart’s slave and vassal wretch to be.

12



Only my plague thus far I count my gain,



That she that makes me sin awards me pain.



Collation notes for Sonnet 141

1 faith,] Capell; faith Q

6 feeling] Q; feeling, Malone





Sonnet 142

Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,



Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.



O but with mine compare thou thine own state,



And thou shalt find it merits not reproving,

4



Or if it do, not from those lips of thine,



That have profaned their scarlet ornaments,



And sealed false bonds of love as oft as mine,



Robbed others’ beds’ revènues of their rents.

8



Be it lawful I love thee as thou lov’st those



Whom thine eyes woo as mine impòrtune thee:



Root pity in thy heart, that when it grows



Thy pity may deserve to pitied be.

12



If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,



By self-example mayst thou be denied.



Collation notes for Sonnet 142

1 thy] Q; my Benson

7 mine,] Q; mine; Malone; mine Hudson1, Tucker; mine – Ingram and Redpath

8 beds’ revènues] Oulton, Knight; beds reuenues Q; bed-revenues Capell

10 thee:] Malone; thee, Q

14 self-example] Gildon2; selfe example Q





Sonnet 143

Lo, as a careful huswife runs to catch



One of her feathered creatures broke away,



Sets down her babe and makes all swift dispatch



In pùrsuit of the thing she would have stay,

4



Whilst her neglected child holds her in chase,



Cries to catch her whose busy care is bent



To follow that which flies before her face,



Not prizing her poor infant’s discontent:

8



So runn’st thou after that which flies from thee,



Whilst I, thy babe, chase thee afar behind;



But if thou catch thy hope, turn back to me,



And play the mother’s part, kiss me, be kind.

12



So will I pray that thou mayst have thy Will,



If thou turn back and my loud crying still.



Collation notes for Sonnet 143

1 Lo,] Capell; Lo Q; Lo! Gildon

1 careful] Q (carefull); care-full Wells

1 huswife] Q; housewife Gildon2 (variant form)

2 feathered] Lintott (fether’d); fethered Q

4 stay,] Neilson2; stay: Q; stay; Capell

7 face,] Gildon1, Capell; face: Q

11 me,] Gildon; me: Q

12 part,] Benson; part Q

13 Will] Sewell1, Murden; Will Q





Sonnet 144

Two loves I have, of comfort and despair,



Which like two spirits do suggest me still:



The better angel is a man right fair;



The worser spirit a woman coloured ill.

4



To win me soon to hell my female evil



Tempteth my better angel from my side,



And would corrupt my saint to be a devil,



Wooing his purity with her foul pride.

8



And whether that my angel be turned fiend



Suspect I may, yet not directly tell,



But being both from me, both to each friend,



I guess one angel in another’s hell.

12



Yet this shall I ne’er know, but live in doubt,



Till my bad angel fire my good one out.



Collation notes for Sonnet 144

144] A slightly variant version of this sonnet was printed in ‘The Passionate Pilgrim’ (1599), the text of which (from the 1612 edition) was reprinted by Benson through Evans (except Lintott)

1 have,] ‘Passionate Pilgrim’; haue Q

2 Which] Q; That ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

2 suggest] ‘Passionate Pilgrim’; sugiest Q

3, 4 The] Q; My ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

6 side] ‘Passionate Pilgrim’; sight Q

7 devil,] ‘Passionate Pilgrim’; diuel: Q

8 foul] Q; faire ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

9 fiend] ‘Passionate Pilgrim’ (feend); finde Q

11 But . . . from] Q; For . . . to ‘Passionate Pilgrim’

13 Yet . . . ne’er] Q; The truth I shall not ‘Passionate Pilgrim’





Sonnet 145

Those lips that Love’s own hand did make



Breathed forth the sound that said ‘I hate’



To me that languished for her sake;



But when she saw my woeful state,

4



Straight in her heart did mercy come,



Chiding that tongue that ever sweet



Was used in giving gentle doom,



And taught it thus anew to greet:

8



‘I hate’ she altered with an end



That followed it as gentle day



Doth follow night, who like a fiend



From heaven to hell is flown away:

12



‘I hate’ from hate away she threw,



And saved my life, saying ‘not you’.



Collation notes for Sonnet 145

2 ‘I hate’] Quoted, Knight (after Malone’s italics); I hate Q

7 doom,] Gildon (after Benson doome:); dome: Q

8 anew] Gildon (a-new); a new Q

9, 13 ‘I hate’] Quoted, Knight (after the italics in Gildon2); I hate Q

14 ‘not you’.] Quoted, Knight (after the italics in Gildon2); not you. Q





Sonnet 146

Poor soul, the centre of my sinful earth,



[. . .] these rebel pow’rs that thee array,



Why dost thou pine within and suffer dearth



Painting thy outward walls so costly gay?

4



Why so large cost, having so short a lease,



Dost thou upon thy fading mansion spend?



Shall worms, inheritors of this excess,



Eat up thy charge? Is this thy body’s end?

8



Then, soul, live thou upon thy servant’s loss,



And let that pine to aggravate thy store;



Buy terms divine in selling hours of dross;



Within be fed, without be rich no more:

12



So shalt thou feed on Death, that feeds on men,



And Death once dead, there’s no more dying then.



Collation notes for Sonnet 146

2 [. . .] these] Globe; My sinfull earth these Q (see Commentary); Fool’d by those Malone; Starv’d by the conj. Steevens (in Malone); Fool’d by these Dyce; Foil’d by these Palgrave (in Rollins); Press’d by these Dowden; Feeding these conj. Sebastian Evans (in Rollins); Rebuke these conj. Pooler; Bearing these conj. Harrison; Fenced by these Sisson; Gull’d by these Seymour-Smith (more than eighty other possible readings have been suggested; see Rollins, 1, 374, and Ingram and Redpath, pp. 358–9)

13, 14 Death] Ewing; death Q





Sonnet 147

My love is as a fever, longing still



For that which longer nurseth the disease,



Feeding on that which doth preserve the ill,



Th’uncertain sickly appetite to please.

4



My reason, the physician to my love,



Angry that his prescriptions are not kept,



Hath left me, and I desperate now approve



Desire is death, which physic did except.

8



Past cure I am, now reason is past care,



And, frantic mad with evermore unrest,



My thoughts and my discourse as madmen’s are,



At random from the truth vainly expressed:

12



For I have sworn thee fair, and thought thee bright,



Who art as black as hell, as dark as night.



Collation notes for Sonnet 147

7 approve] Knight; approoue, Q; approve; Gildon; approve, – Capell

10 evermore] Q (euer-more); ever more conj. Anon. (in Rollins)

10 unrest,] Q; unrest; Capell (retaining the comma after care in 9)

11 madmen’s] Gildon2 (Madmens); mad mens Q

12 random] Benson; randon Q (variant form)





Sonnet 148

O me! what eyes hath love put in my head,



Which have no correspondence with true sight?



Or, if they have, where is my judgement fled,



That censures falsely what they see aright?

4



If that be fair whereon my false eyes dote,



What means the world to say it is not so?



If it be not, then love doth well denote



Love’s eye is not so true as all men’s: no,

8



How can it? O how can love’s eye be true,



That is so vexed with watching and with tears?



No marvel then though I mistake my view:



The sun itself sees not till heaven clears.

12



O cunning love, with tears thou keep’st me blind,



Lest eyes, well seeing, thy foul faults should find.



Collation notes for Sonnet 148

2 sight?] Malone; sight, Q

8 men’s: no,] Q (mens); mens: no Benson; mens. No, Gildon1; Mens. No; Gildon2; men’s no. conj. Lettsom (in Rollins), Dyce2; men’s: no. conj. Walker (in Rollins), Craig; men’s: no; Staunton; men’s: ‘No.’ Globe; men’s. No! Keightley; men’s – no, Alexander

9 it? O] Q; it, O, Wells, Kerrigan





Sonnet 149

Canst thou, O cruel, say I love thee not,



When I against myself with thee partake?



Do I not think on thee when I forgot



Am of myself, all tyrant for thy sake?

4



Who hateth thee that I do call my friend?



On whom frown’st thou that I do fawn upon?



Nay, if thou lour’st on me, do I not spend



Revenge upon myself with present moan?

8



What merit do I in myself respect



That is so proud thy service to despise,



When all my best doth worship thy defect,



Commanded by the motion of thine eyes?

12



But, love, hate on, for now I know thy mind:



Those that can see thou lov’st, and I am blind.



Collation notes for Sonnet 149

2 partake?] Gildon; pertake: Q

4 all tyrant] Q; all, Tyrant, Sewell1, Capell; all tyrant, Malone; all truant conj. Malone; all-tyrant, Hazlitt

5 friend?] Gildon2; friend, Q

6 upon?] Gildon2; vpon, Q; upon. Benson

9 respect] Kittredge; respect, Q

12 eyes?] Gildon2; eyes. Q





Sonnet 150

O from what pow’r hast thou this pow’rful might



With insufficiency my heart to sway,



To make me give the lie to my true sight,



And swear that brightness doth not grace the day?

4



Whence hast thou this becoming of things ill,



That in the very refuse of thy deeds



There is such strength and warrantise of skill



That in my mind thy worst all best exceeds?

8



Who taught thee how to make me love thee more,



The more I hear and see just cause of hate?



O, though I love what others do abhor,



With others thou shouldst not abhor my state.

12



If thy unworthiness raised love in me,



More worthy I to be beloved of thee.



Collation notes for Sonnet 150

6 deeds] Malone; deeds, Q corr.; deeds; Q uncorr.

10 hate?] Gildon; hate, Q





Sonnet 151

Love is too young to know what conscience is,



Yet who knows not conscience is born of love?



Then, gentle cheater, urge not my amiss,



Lest guilty of my faults thy sweet self prove.

4



For thou betraying me, I do betray



My nobler part to my gross body’s treason:



My soul doth tell my body that he may



Triumph in love; flesh stays no farther reason,

8



But rising at thy name doth point out thee



As his triumphant prize. Proud of this pride,



He is contented thy poor drudge to be,



To stand in thy affairs, fall by thy side.

12



No want of conscience hold it that I call



Her ‘love’ for whose dear love I rise and fall.



Collation notes for Sonnet 151

2 love?] Gildon; loue, Q

10 prize.] Gildon2 (Prize;); prize, Q

13 call] Gildon; call, Q

14 Her ‘love’] Dyce; Her loue, Q; Her – love, Malone2





Sonnet 152

In loving thee thou know’st I am forsworn,



But thou art twice forsworn to me love swearing:



In act thy bed-vow broke, and new faith torn



In vowing new hate after new love bearing.

4



But why of two oaths’ breach do I accuse thee,



When I break twenty? I am perjured most,



For all my vows are oaths but to misuse thee,



And all my honest faith in thee is lost.

8



For I have sworn deep oaths of thy deep kindness,



Oaths of thy love, thy truth, thy constancy,



And to enlighten thee gave eyes to blindness,



Or made them swear against the thing they see:

12



For I have sworn thee fair: more perjured eye,



To swear against the truth so foul a lie.



Collation notes for Sonnet 152

2 me love swearing:] Gildon; me loue swearing, Q; me, Love-swearing; Sewell1; me (love) swearing; conj. Fleay (in Rollins)

3 broke,] Gildon2; broake Q; brooke Benson

3 torn] Globe; torne, Q

6 twenty?] Gildon; twenty: Q; twenty! Butler

9 kindness,] Capell; kindnesse: Q

11 enlighten] Gildon; inlighten Q (variant form)

13 eye] Q; I Sewell

14 so] Benson; fo Q





Sonnet 153

Cupid laid by his brand and fell asleep:



A maid of Dian’s this advantage found,



And his love-kindling fire did quickly steep



In a cold valley-fountain of that ground;

4



Which borrowed from this holy fire of Love



A dateless lively heat, still to endure,



And grew a seething bath, which yet men prove



Against strange maladies a sovereign cure.

8



But at my mistress’ eye Love’s brand new fired,



The boy for trial needs would touch my breast;



I, sick withal, the help of bath desired,



And thither hied, a sad distempered guest;

12



But found no cure: the bath for my help lies



Where Cupid got new fire – my mistress’ eyes.







Sonnet 154

The little Love-god lying once asleep



Laid by his side his heart-inflaming brand,



Whilst many nymphs that vowed chaste life to keep



Came tripping by; but in her maiden hand

4



The fairest votary took up that fire



Which many legions of true hearts had warmed,



And so the general of hot desire



Was sleeping by a virgin hand disarmed.

8



This brand she quenchèd in a cool well by,



Which from Love’s fire took heat perpetual,



Growing a bath and healthful remedy



For men diseased; but I, my mistress’ thrall,

12



Came there for cure, and this by that I prove:



Love’s fire heats water, water cools not love.




