The Poems of

William Wordsworth


Shorter Poems (1807–1820)

“Mark the concentred Hazels that enclose”

Mark the concentred Hazels that enclose

Yon old grey Stone, protected from the ray

Of noontide suns:—and even the beams that play

And glance, while wantonly the rough wind blows,

Are seldom free to touch the moss that grows

5

Upon that roof—amid embowering gloom

The very image framing of a Tomb,

In which some ancient Chieftain finds repose

Among the lonely mountains.—Live, ye Trees!

And Thou, grey Stone, the pensive likeness keep

10

Of a dark chamber where the Mighty sleep:

For more than Fancy to the influence bends

When solitary Nature condescends

To mimic Time’s forlorn humanities.

“The Shepherd, looking eastward, softly said”

The Shepherd, looking eastward, softly said,

“Bright is thy veil, O Moon, as thou art bright!”

Forthwith, that little Cloud, in ether spread,

And penetrated all with tender light,

She cast away, and shewed her fulgent head

5

Uncover’d;—dazzling the Beholder’s sight

As if to vindicate her beauty’s right,

Her beauty thoughtlessly disparaged.

Meanwhile that Veil, removed or thrown aside,

Went, floating from her, darkening as it went;

10

And a huge Mass, to bury or to hide,

Approached this glory of the firmament;

Who meekly yields, and is obscur’d;—content

With one calm triumph of a modest pride.

  For  the  sources  of  the  reading  texts  and  the  editor’s  commentary  see  Shorter Poems, 1807–1820, ed. Carl H. Ketcham (989).

12 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“Eve’s lingering clouds extend in solid bars”

Eve’s lingering clouds extend in solid bars

Through the grey west; and lo! these waters, steeled

By breezeless air to smoothest polish, yield

A vivid repetition of the stars;

Jove—Venus—and the ruddy crest of Mars,

5

Amid his fellows, beauteously revealed

At happy distance from earth’s groaning field,

Where ruthless mortals wage incessant wars.

Is it a mirror?—or the nether sphere

Opening its vast abyss, while fancy feeds

10

On the rich show!—But list! a voice is near;

Great Pan himself low-whispering through the reeds,

“Be thankful thou; for, if unholy deeds

Ravage the world, tranquillity is here!”

Sonnet on Milton

Amid the dark control of lawless sway,

Ambitions, rivalry, fanatic hate

And various ills that shook the unsettled State,

The dauntless Bard pursued his studious way,

Not more his lofty genius to display,

5

Than raise and dignify our mortal date,

And sing the blessings which the Just await,

That Man might hence in humble hope obey.

Thus on a rock in Norway’s bleak domain,

Nature impels the stately Pine to grow;

10

[ ]

And restless Ocean dashes all below:

Still he preserves his firm majestic reign

While added strength his spreading branches shew.

  “The  subject  from  Symonds’s  Life.”  WW’s  MS.  note.  DW  left  a  gap  in  the  manuscript at l. .

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 13

Elegiac Stanzas,

composed in the churchyard of grasmere, westmorland,

a few days after the interment there, of a man and

his wife, inhabitants of the vale, who were lost

upon the neighbouring mountains, on the night

of the nineteenth of march last

Who weeps for Strangers?—Many wept

For George and Sarah Green;

Wept for that Pair’s unhappy end,

Whose Grave may here be seen.



By night, upon these stormy Heights

5

Did Wife and Husband roam:

Six little-Ones the Pair had left

And could not find their Home.



For any Dwelling-place of men

As vainly did they seek.—

10

He perish’d, and a voice was heard,

The Widow’s lonely shriek.



Down the dark precipice he fell,

And she was left alone,

Not long to think of her Children dear,

15

Not long to pray or groan!

A few wild steps—she too was left,

A Body without life!

The chain of but a few wild steps

To the Husband bound the Wife.

20

Now lodge they in one Grave, this Grave,

A House with two-fold Roof,

Two Hillocks but one Grave, their own,

A covert tempest-proof.



And from all agony of mind

25

It keeps them safe and far,

14 The Poems of William Wordsworth

From fear, and from all need of hope,

From sun, or guiding Star.

Our peace is of the immortal Soul,

Our anguish is of clay;

30

Such bounty is in Heaven, so pass

The bitterest pangs away.



Three days did teach the Mother’s Babe

Forgetfully to rest

In reconcilement how serene!

35

Upon another’s breast.



The trouble of the elder Brood

I know not that it stay’d

So long—they seiz’d their joy, and They

Have sung, and danc’d, and play’d.

40



Now do the sternly-featur’d Hills

Look gently on this Grave,

And quiet now is the depth of air

As a sea without a wave.



But deeper lies the heart of peace,

45

In shelter more profound;

The heart of quietness is here,

Within this Church-yard ground.



O Darkness of the Grave! how calm

After that living night,

50

That last and dreary living one

Of sorrow and affright!

O sacred Marriage-bed of Death

That holds them side by side,

In bond of love, in bond of God,

55

Which may not be untied!

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 15

“A few bold Patriots, Reliques of the Fight”

A few bold Patriots, Reliques of the Fight

That crush’d the Gothic sovereignty of Spain,

Beneath Pelayo’s banner did unite;

In hope they from the Arabian crescent fled,

And when their steps had measured [ ] Plain,

5

Cross’d Deva’s [ ] flood and [ ] snow-clad Height,

And wound through depth of many a sunless Vale

On which the noontide dew lay wet and pale,

And now had reach’d Auseva’s rugged breast,

The Leader turn’d, and from a jutting rock,

10

Calm as a Shepherd beck’ning to his flock,

The little band addrest.

“Stop, Christian Warriors, faithful and undaunted!

This Hill shall be our Fortress and the gloom

Of yon wide Cave our harbour or our tomb.

15

Yet if the Saints and pitying Angels bless

The efforts of the brave in their distress,

Not vainly shall your Standard here be planted!

With swords to guard our Virtue are we come

To these Asturian Wilds, a proud retreat

20

Where Friends surround us in their antient seat,

An inextinguishable people’s home.

Aloft while here we hover, night and day

Shall multiply our host and strengthen our array.

—What earthly power can check the gathering clouds

25

When from afar, along the craggy chain

Of these huge mountains they appear in crowds?

What mortal enmity the work restrain?

Which an impenetrable darkness shrouds

While steadfastly embodied they remain,

30

Feeding a silent force of thunder, wind, and rain,

Which at the sovereign word

Of their almighty Lord

Breaks forth and spreads in ravage o’er the plain—

  This  version  is  the  earliest  recoverable  beneath  later  revisions.  The  poem  was  left incomplete.

16 The Poems of William Wordsworth

No otherwise shall we descend and quell

35

The astounded Infidel.

“Meanwhile till Heav’n, O patient Warriors, call

Our Valor to the onset, yon wide Cave

Which opens like a ready grave

For desperate Fugitives, to us shall be

40

A Legislative Hall

Chear’d by the gladsome voice of Liberty;

And to that Sanctuary dark

Will we entrust the holy Ark,

The Covenant of the faith

45

That saves the soul from death,

And shall uphold our frail and mortal hands

Till we, or men as brave, the favored bands

Of our exalted Countrymen, regain

For Lordship without end the fields of Universal Spain.”

50

Thus spake Pelayo on his chosen Hill;

And shall at this late [ ] the Heavens belie

The heroic prophecy

And put to shame the great Diviner’s skill?

The Power which, issuing like a slender rill

55

From those high places, waxed by slow degrees,

Swoln with access of many sovereignties,

And gained a River’s strength and rolled a mighty wave—

The Stream which in Pelayo’s Cave

Upon the illustrious Mountain took its birth—

60

Has disappeared from earth:

A foreign Tyrant speaks his impious will,

And Spain hath own’d the Monarch which he gave.

Most horrible attempt! unthought-of hour

Of human shame and black indignity!

65

Alas, not unprovoked those Tempests low’r,

Not uninvited this malignity.

Full long relinquishing a precious dower

By Gothic Virtue won, secured by oath

Of king and people pledged in mutual troth,

70

The Spaniard hath approached on servile knee

The native Ruler; all too willingly

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 17

Full many an age in that degenerate Land

The rightful Master hath betrayed his trust.

Earthward the Imperial flower was bent

75

In mortal languishment;

This knew the Spoiler whose victorious hand

Hath snapp’d th’enfeebled Stalk and laid its head in dust.

“Say, what is Honour?—Tis the finest sense”

Say, what is Honour?—Tis the finest sense

Of justice which the human mind can frame,

Intent each lurking frailty to disclaim,

And guard the way of life from all offence

Suffered or done. When lawless violence

5

A Kingdom doth assault, and in the scale

Of perilous war her weightiest Armies fail,

Honour is hopeful elevation—whence

Glory—and Triumph. Yet with politic skill

Endangered States may yield to terms unjust,

10

Stoop their proud heads;—but not unto the dust,—

A Foe’s most favourite purpose to fulfil!

Happy occasions oft by self-mistrust

Are forfeited; but infamy doth kill.

Composed while the Author was Engaged in Writing a Tract, Occasioned

by the Convention of Cintra, 1808

Not ’mid the World’s vain objects that enslave

The free-born Soul,—that world whose vaunted skill

In selfish interest perverts the will,

Whose factions lead astray the wise and brave;

Not there! but in dark wood and rocky cave,

5

And hollow vale which foaming torrents fill

With omnipresent murmur as they rave

Down their steep beds that never shall be still:

Here, mighty Nature!—in this school sublime

I weigh the hopes and fears of suffering Spain:

10

For her consult the auguries of time,

And through the human heart explore my way,

And look and listen,—gathering where I may

Triumph, and thoughts no bondage can restrain.

18 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Composed at the Same Time, and on the Same Occasion

I dropped my pen;—and listened to the wind

That sang of trees up-torn and vessels tost;

—A midnight harmony, and wholly lost

To the general sense of men by chains confined

Of business, care, or pleasure,—or resigned

5

To timely sleep.— Thought I, the impassioned strain,

Which, without aid of numbers, I sustain,

Like acceptation from the World will find.

Yet some with apprehensive ear shall drink

A dirge devoutly breathed o’er sorrows past,

10

And to the attendant promise will give heed,

The prophecy,—like that of this wild blast,

Which, while it makes the heart with sadness shrink,

Tells also of bright calms that shall succeed.

“Hail, Zaragoza! If with unwet eye”

Hail, Zaragoza! If with unwet eye

We can approach, thy sorrow to behold,

Yet is the heart not pitiless nor cold;

Such spectacle demands not tear or sigh.

These desolate Remains are trophies high

5

Of more than martial courage in the breast

Of peaceful civic virtue: they attest

Thy matchless worth to all posterity.

Blood flowed before thy sight without remorse;

Disease consumed thy vitals; War upheaved

10

The ground beneath thee with volcanic force;

Dread trials! yet encountered and sustained

Till not a wreck of help or hope remained,

And Law was from necessity received.

1810

Ah! where is Palafox? Nor tongue nor pen

Reports of him, his dwelling or his grave!

Does yet the unheard-of Vessel ride the wave?

Or is she swallowed up—remote from ken

Of pitying human nature? Once again

5

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 19

Methinks that we shall hail thee, Champion brave,

Redeemed to baffle that imperial Slave;

And through all Europe cheer desponding men

With new-born hope. Unbounded is the might

Of martyrdom, and fortitude, and right.

10

Hark, how thy Country triumphs!—Smilingly

The Eternal looks upon her sword that gleams,

Like his own lightning, over mountains high,

On rampart, and the banks of all her streams.

“Call not the royal Swede unfortunate”

Call not the royal Swede unfortunate

Who never did to Fortune bend the knee;

Who slighted fear,—rejected steadfastly

Temptation; and whose kingly name and state

Have “perished by his choice, and not his fate!”

5

Hence lives He, to his inner self endeared;

And hence, wherever virtue is revered,

He sits a more exalted Potentate,

Throned in the hearts of men. Should Heaven ordain

That this great Servant of a righteous cause

10

Must still have sad or vexing thoughts to endure,

Yet may a sympathizing spirit pause,

Admonished by these truths, and quench all pain

In thankful joy and gratulation pure.

“Look now on that Adventurer who hath paid”

Look now on that Adventurer who hath paid

His vows to Fortune; who, in cruel slight

Of virtuous hope, of liberty, and right,

Hath followed wheresoe’er a way was made

By the blind Goddess;—ruthless, undismayed;

5

And so hath gained at length a prosperous Height,

Round which the Elements of worldly might

Beneath his haughty feet, like clouds, are laid.

O joyless power that stands by lawless force!

Curses are his dire portion, scorn, and hate,

10

Internal darkness and unquiet breath;

And, if old judgments keep their sacred course,

20 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Him from that Height shall Heaven precipitate

By violent and ignominious death.

“Is there a Power that can sustain and cheer”

Is there a Power that can sustain and cheer

The captive Chieftain—by a Tyrant’s doom

Forced to descend alive into his tomb,

A dungeon dark!—where he must waste the year,

And lie cut off from all his heart holds dear;

5

What time his injured Country is a stage

Whereon deliberate Yalour and the Rage

Of righteous Vengeance side by side appear,—

Filling from morn to night the heroic scene

With deeds of hope and everlasting praise:

10

Say can he think of this with mind serene

And silent fetters?— Yes, if visions bright

Shine on his soul, reflected from the days

When he himself was tried in open light.

“Brave Schill! by death delivered, take thy flight”

Brave Schill! by death delivered, take thy flight

From Prussia’s timid region. Go, and rest

With Heroes ’mid the Islands of the Blest,

Or in the Fields of empyrean light.

A Meteor wert thou in a darksome night;

5

Yet shall thy name, conspicuous and sublime,

Stand in the spacious firmament of time,

Fixed as a star: such glory is thy right.

Alas! it may not be: for earthly fame

Is Fortune’s frail dependant; yet there lives

10

A Judge, who, as man claims by merit, gives;

To whose all-pondering mind a noble aim,

Faithfully kept, is as a noble deed;

In whose pure sight all virtue doth succeed.

Feelings of the Tyrolese

The Land we from our Fathers had in trust,

And to our Children will transmit, or die:

This is our maxim, this our piety;

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 21

And God and Nature say that it is just.

That which we would perform in arms—we must!

5

We read the dictate in the Infant’s eye;

In the Wife’s smile; and in the placid sky;

And, at our feet, amid the silent dust

Of them that were before us.—Sing aloud

Old Songs, the precious music of the heart!

10

Give, Herds and Flocks! your voices to the wind!

While we go forth, a self-devoted crowd,

With weapons in the fearless hand, to assert

Our virtue, and to vindicate mankind.

“Alas! what boots the long, laborious quest”

Alas! what boots the long, laborious quest

Of moral prudence, sought through good and ill,

Or pains abstruse, to elevate the will,

And lead us on to that transcend ant rest

Where every passion shall the sway attest

5

Of Reason seated on her sovereign hill;—

What is it but a vain and curious skill,

If sapient Germany must lie deprest,

Beneath the brutal sword?—Her haughty Schools

Shall blush; and may not we with sorrow say,

10

A few strong instincts and a few plain rules,

Among the herdsmen of the Alps, have wrought

More for mankind at this unhappy day

Than all the pride of intellect and thought.

“And is it among rude untutored Dales”

And is it among rude untutored Dales,

There, and there only, that the heart is true?

And, rising to repel or to subdue,

Is it by rocks and woods that man prevails?

Ah, no!—though Nature’s dread protection fails

5

There is a bulwark in the soul.— This knew

Iberian Burghers when the sword they drew

In Zaragoza, naked to the gales

Of fiercely-breathing war. The truth was felt

By Palafox, and many a brave Compeer,

10

22 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Like him of noble birth and noble mind;

By Ladies, meek-eyed Women without fear;

And Wanderers of the street, to whom is dealt

The bread which without industry they find.

“O’er the wide earth, on mountain and on plain”

O’er the wide earth, on mountain and on plain,

Dwells in the affections and the soul of man

A Godhead, like the universal pan,

But more exalted, with a brighter train.

And shall his bounty be dispensed in vain,

5

Showered equally on City and on Field,

And neither hope nor steadfast promise yield

In these usurping times of fear and pain?

Such doom awaits us.—Nay, forbid it Heaven!

We know the arduous strife, the eternal laws

10

To which the triumph of all good is given,

High sacrifice, and labour without pause,

Even to the death:—else wherefore should the eye

Of man converse with immortality?

“Advance—come forth from thy Tyrolean ground”

Advance—come forth from thy Tyrolean ground

Dear Liberty!—stern Nymph of soul untamed,

Sweet Nymph, Oh! rightly of the mountains named!

Through the long chain of Alps from mound to mound

And o’er the eternal snows, like Echo, bound,—

5

Like Echo, when the Hunter-train at dawn

Have rouzed her from her sleep: and forest-lawn,

Cliffs, woods, and caves her viewless steps resound

And babble of her pastime!—On, dread Power,

With such invisible motion speed thy flight,

10

Through hanging clouds, from craggy height to height,

Through the green vales and through the Herdsman’s bower,

That all the Alps may gladden in thy might,

Here, there, and in all places at one hour.

Hôffer

Of mortal Parents is the Hero born

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 23

By whom the undaunted Tyrolese are led?

Or is it Tell’s great Spirit, from the dead

Returned to animate an age forlorn?

He comes like Phœbus through the gates of morn

5

When dreary darkness is discomfited:

Yet mark his modest state!—upon his head,

That simple crest—a heron’s plume—is worn.

O Liberty! they stagger at the shock;

The Murderers are aghast; they strive to flee

10

And half their Host is buried:—rock on rock

Descends:—beneath this godlike Warrior, see!

Hills, Torrents, Woods, embodied to bemock

The Tyrant, and confound his cruelty.

On the Final Submission of the Tyrolese

It was a moral end for which they fought;

Else how, when mighty Thrones were put to shame,

Could they, poor Shepherds, have preserved an aim,

A resolution, or enlivening thought?

Nor hath that moral good been vainly sought;

5

For in their magnanimity and fame

Powers have they left—an impulse—and a claim

Which neither can be overturned nor bought.

Sleep, Warriors, sleep! among your hills repose!

We know that ye, beneath the stern controul

10

Of awful prudence, keep the unvanquished soul.

And when, impatient of her guilt and woes

Europe breaks forth; then, Shepherds! shall ye rise

For perfect triumph o’er your Enemies.

[Epitaphs Translated from Chiabrera]

“True is it that Ambrosio Salinero”

True is it that Ambrosio Salinero

With an untoward fate was long involved

In odious litigation; and full long,

Fate harder still! had he to endure assaults

  Gabriello Chiabrera (552–638).

24 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of racking malady. And true it is

5

That not the less a frank courageous heart

And buoyant spirit triumphed over pain;

And he was strong to follow in the steps

Of the fair Muses. Not a covert path

Leads to the dear Parnassian forest’s shade,

10

That might from him be hidden; not a track

Mounts to pellucid Hippocrene, but he

Had traced its windings.— This Savona knows,

Yet no sepulchral honors to her Son

She paid, for in our age the heart is ruled

15

Only by gold. And now a simple stone

Inscribed with this memorial here is raised

By his bereft, his lonely, Chiabrera.

Think not, O Passenger! who read’st the lines

That an exceeding love hath dazzled me;

20

No—he was One whose memory ought to spread

Where’er Permessus bears an honoured name,

And live as long as its pure stream shall flow.

“Not without heavy grief of heart did He”

Not without heavy grief of heart did He,

On whom the duty fell, (for at that time

The Father sojourned in a distant Land)

Deposit in the hollow of this Tomb

A Brother’s Child, most tenderly beloved!

5

francesco was the name the Youth had borne,

pozzobonnelli his illustrious House;

And when beneath this stone the Corse was laid

The eyes of all Savona streamed with tears.

Alas! the twentieth April of his life

10

Had scarcely flowered: and at this early time,

By genuine virtue he inspired a hope

That greatly cheered his Country: to his Kin

He promised comfort; and the flattering thoughts

His Friends had in their fondness entertained,

15

He suffered not to languish or decay.

  “In justice to the Author I subjoin the original.

—————e degli amici

Non lasciava languire i bei pensieri.” WW

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 25

Now is there not good reason to break forth

Into a passionate lament?—O Soul!

Short while a Pilgrim in our nether world,

Do thou enjoy the calm empyreal air;

20

And round this earthly tomb let roses rise,

An everlasting spring! in memory

Of that delightful fragrance which was once,

From thy mild manners, quietly exhaled.

“Pause, courteous Spirit!—Balbi supplicates”

Pause, courteous Spirit!—Balbi supplicates

That Thou, with no reluctant voice, for him

Here laid in mortal darkness, wouldst prefer

A prayer to the Redeemer of the world.

This to the Dead by sacred right belongs;

5

All else is nothing.—Did occasion suit

To tell his worth, the marble of this tomb

Would ill suffice: for Plato’s lore sublime

And all the wisdom of the Stagyrite

Enriched and beautified his studious mind:

10

With Archimedes also he conversed

As with a chosen Friend, nor did he leave

Those laureat wreaths ungathered which the Nymphs

Twine on the top of Pindus.—Finally,

Himself above each lower thought uplifting,

15

His ears he closed to listen to the Song

Which Sion’s Kings did consecrate of old;

And fixed his Pindus upon Lebanon.

A blessed Man! who of protracted days

Made not, as thousands do, a vulgar sleep;

20

But truly did He live his life.—Urbino

Take pride in him;—O Passenger farewell!

“There never breathed a man who when his life”

There never breathed a man who when his life

Was closing might not of that life relate

Toils long and hard.— The Warrior will report

Of wounds, and bright swords flashing in the field,

And blast of trumpets. He, who hath been doomed

5

26 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To bow his forehead in the courts of kings,

Will tell of fraud and never-ceasing hate,

Envy, and heart-inquietude, derived

From intricate cabals of treacherous friends.

I, who on ship-board lived from earliest Youth,

10

Could represent the countenance horrible

Of the vexed waters, and the indignant rage

Of Auster and Boötes. Forty years

Over the well-steered Gallies did I rule:—

From huge Pelorus to the Atlantic pillars,

15

Rises no mountain to mine eyes unknown;

And the broad gulfs I traversed oft—and—oft:

Of every cloud which in the heavens might stir

I knew the force; and hence the rough sea’s pride

Availed not to my Yessel’s overthrow.

20

What noble pomp and frequent have not I

On regal decks beheld! yet in the end

I learn that one poor moment can suffice

To equalize the lofty and the low.

We sail the sea of life—a Calm One finds,

25

And One a Tempest—and, the voyage o’er,

Death is the quiet haven of us all.

If more of my condition ye would know,

Savona was my birth-place, and I sprang

Of noble Parents: sixty years and three

30

Lived I—then yielded to a slow disease.

“Destined to war from very infancy”

Destined to war from very infancy

Was I, Roberto Dati, and I took

In Malta the white symbol of the Cross.

Nor in life’s vigorous season did I shun

Hazard or toil; among the Sands was seen

5

Of Lybia, and not seldom on the Banks

Of wide Hungarian Danube, ’twas my lot

To hear the sanguinary trumpet sounded.

So lived I, and repined not at such fate;

This only grieves me, for it seems a wrong,

10

That stripped of arms I to my end am brought

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 27

On the soft down of my paternal home.

Yet haply Arno shall be spared all cause

To blush for me. Thou, loiter not nor halt

In thy appointed way, and bear in mind

15

How fleeting and how frail is human life.

“Weep not, beloved Friends! nor let the air”

Weep not, beloved Friends! nor let the air

For me with sighs be troubled. Not from life

Have I been taken; this is genuine life

And this alone—the life which now I live

In peace eternal; where desire and joy

5

Together move in fellowship without end.—

Francesco Ceni after death enjoined

That thus his tomb should speak for him. And surely

Small cause there is for that fond wish of ours

Long to continue in this world; a world

10

That keeps not faith, nor yet can point a hope

To good, whereof itself is destitute.

“Perhaps some needful service of the State”

Perhaps some needful service of the State

Drew Titus from the depth of studious bowers,

And doomed him to contend in faithless courts,

Where gold determines between right and wrong.

Yet did at length his loyalty of heart

5

And his pure native genius lead him back

To wait upon the bright and gracious Muses

Whom he had early loved. And not in vain

Such course he held! Bologna’s learned schools

Were gladdened by the Sage’s voice, and hung

10

With fondness on those sweet Nestorian strains.

There pleasure crowned his days; and all his thoughts

A roseate fragrance breathed.—O human life,

That never art secure from dolorous change!

Behold a high injunction suddenly

15

    “I vi vivea giocondo e i suoi pensieri

  Erano tutti rose.

The Translator had not skill to come nearer to his original.” WW

28 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To Arno’s side conducts him, and he charmed

A Tuscan audience: but full soon was called

To the perpetual silence of the grave.

Mourn, Italy, the loss of him who stood

A Champion steadfast and invincible,

20

To quell the rage of literary War!

“O Thou who movest onward with a mind”

O Thou who movest onward with a mind

Intent upon thy way, pause though in haste!

’Twill be no fruitless moment. I was born

Within Savona’s walls of gentle blood.

On Tiber’s banks my youth was dedicate

5

To sacred studies; and the Roman Shepherd

Gave to my charge Urbino’s numerous Flock.

Much did I watch, much laboured; nor had power

To escape from many and strange indignities;

Was smitten by the great ones of the World

10

But did not fall, for virtue braves all shocks,

Upon herself resting immoveably.

Me did a kindlier fortune then invite

To serve the glorious Henry, King of France,

And in his hands I saw a high reward

15

Stretched out for my acceptance—but Death came.—

Now, Reader, learn from this my fate—how false,

How treacherous to her promise is the World,

And trust in God—to whose eternal doom

Must bend the sceptred Potentates of Earth.

20

“O Lelius, beauteous flower of gentleness”

O Lelius, beauteous flower of gentleness,

The fair Aglaia’s friend above all friends,

O darling of the fascinating Loves,

By what dire envy moved did De[a]th uproot

Thy days e’er yet full blown and what ill chance

5

Hath robbed Savona of her noblest grace?

She weeps for thee and shall for ever weep,

And if the fountain of her tears should fail

She would implore Sabete to supply

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 29

Her need—Sabete, sympathizing stream

10

Who on his margin saw thee close thine eyes

On the chaste bosom of thy Lady dear.

Oh what do riches, what does youth avail?

Dust are our hopes; I weeping did inscribe

In bitterness thy monument and pray

15

Of every gentle Spirit bitterly

To read the record with as copious tears.

“Torquato Tasso rests within this Tomb”

Torquato Tasso rests within this Tomb;

This Figure weeping from her inmost heart

Is Poesy; from such impassioned grief

Let everyone conclude what this Man was.

“O flower of all that springs from gentle blood”

O flower of all that springs from gentle blood,

And all that generous nurture breeds, to make

Youth amiable; O friend so true of soul

To fair Aglaia; by what envy moved,

Lelius! has death cut short thy brilliant day

5

In its sweet opening? and what dire mishap

Has from Savona torn her best delight?

For thee she mourns, nor e’er will cease to mourn;

And, should the out-pourings of her eyes suffice not

For her heart’s grief, she will entreat Sebeto

10

Not to withhold his bounteous aid, Sebeto

Who saw thee, on his margin, yield to death,

In the chaste arms of thy belovéd Love!

What profit riches? what does youth avail?

Dust are our hopes;—I, weeping bitterly,

15

Penned these sad lines, nor can forbear to pray

That every gentle Spirit hither led

May read them not without some bitter tears.

——————————

30 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The Oak of Guernica

The ancient Oak of Guernica, says Laborde in his account of Biscay, is a

most venerable natural Monument. Ferdinand and Isabella, in the year 1476,

after hearing mass in the Church of Santa Maria de la Antigua, repaired to

this tree, under which they swore to the Biscayans to maintain their fueros

(privileges). What other interest belongs to it in the minds of this People will

appear from the following

Supposed Address to the Same

1810

Oak of Guernica! Tree of holier power

Than that which in Dodona did enshrine

(So faith too fondly deemed) a voice divine

Heard from the depths of its aerial bower,

How canst thou flourish at this blighting hour?

5

What hope, what joy can sunshine bring to thee,

Or the soft breezes from the Atlantic sea,

The dews of morn, or April’s tender shower?

——Stroke merciful and welcome would that be

Which should extend thy branches on the ground,

10

If never more within their shady round

Those lofty-minded Lawgivers shall meet,

Peasant and Lord, in their appointed seat,

Guardians of Biscay’s ancient liberty.

“In due observance of an ancient rite”

In due observance of an ancient rite,

The rude Biscayans, when their Children lie

Dead in the sinless time of infancy,

Attire the peaceful Corse in vestments white;

And, in like sign of cloudless triumph bright,

5

They bind the unoffending Creature’s brows

With happy garlands of the pure white rose:

This done, a festal Company unite

In choral song; and, while the uplifted Cross

Of Jesus goes before, the Child is borne

10

Uncovered to his grave.—Her piteous loss

The lonesome Mother cannot chuse but mourn;

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 31

Yet soon by Christian faith is grief subdued,

And joy attends upon her fortitude.

Feelings of a Noble Biscayan

at one of these funerals

1810

Yet, yet, Biscayans, we must meet our Foes

With firmer soul,—yet labour to regain

Our ancient freedom; else ’twere worse than vain

To gather round the Bier these festal shows!

A garland fashioned of the pure white rose

5

Becomes not one whose Father is a Slave:

Oh! bear the Infant covered to his Grave!

These venerable mountains now enclose

A People sunk in apathy and fear.

If this endure, farewell, for us, all good!

10

The awful light of heavenly Innocence

Will fail to illuminate the Infant’s bier;

And guilt and shame, from which is no defence,

Descend on all that issues from our blood.

1810

O’erweening Statesmen have full long relied

On fleets and armies, and external wealth:

But from within proceeds a Nation’s health;

Which shall not fail, though poor men cleave with pride

To the paternal floor; or turn aside,

5

In the thronged City, from the walks of gain,

As being all unworthy to detain

A Soul by contemplation sanctified.

There are who cannot languish in this strife,

Spaniards of every rank, by whom the good

10

Of such high course was felt and understood;

Who to their Country’s cause have bound a life,

Ere while by solemn consecration given

To labour, and to prayer, to nature, and to heaven.

  “See Laborde’s Character of the Spanish People; from him the sentiment of these two

last lines is taken.” WW; he cites from Alexander De Laborde,  A View of Spain (5 vols., London, 809).

32 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“Avaunt all specious pliancy of mind”

Avaunt all specious pliancy of mind

In men of low degree, all smooth pretence!

I better like a blunt indifference

And self-respecting slowness, disinclined

To win me at first sight:—and be there joined

5

Patience and temperance with this high reserve,—

Honour that knows the path and will not swerve;

Affections, which, if put to proof, are kind;

And piety tow’rds God.—Such Men of old

Were England’s native growth; and, throughout Spain,

10

Forests of such do at this day remain;

Then for that Country let our hopes be bold;

For matched with these shall Policy prove vain,

Her arts, her strength, her iron, and her gold.

Indignation of a High-minded Spaniard. 1810

We can endure that He should waste our lands,

Despoil our temples,—and by sword and flame

Return us to the dust from which we came;

Such food a Tyrant’s appetite demands:

And we can brook the thought that by his hands

5

Spain may be overpowered, and he possess,

For his delight, a solemn wilderness,

Where all the Brave lie dead. But when of bands,

Which he will break for us, he dares to speak,—

Of benefits, and of a future day

10

When our enlightened minds shall bless his sway,

Then, the strained heart of fortitude proves weak:

Our groans, our blushes, our pale cheeks declare

That he has power to inflict what we lack strength to bear.

The French, and the Spanish Guerillas

Hunger, and sultry heat, and nipping blast

From bleak hill-top, and length of march by night

Through heavy swamp, or over snow-clad height,

These hardships ill sustained, these dangers past,

The roving Spanish Bands are reached at last,

5

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 33

Charged, and dispersed like foam:—but as a flight

Of scattered quails by signs do reunite

So these,—and, heard of once again, are chased

With combinations of long practised art

And newly-kindled hope;—but they are fled,

10

Gone are they, viewless as the buried dead;

Where now?— Their sword is at the Foeman’s heart!

And thus from year to year his walk they thwart,

And hang like dreams around his guilty bed.

Spanish Guerillas. 1811

They seek, are sought; to daily battle led,

Shrink not, though far out-numbered by their Foes:

For they have learnt to open and to close

The ridges of grim War; and at their head

Are Captains such as erst their Country bred

5

Or fostered, self-supported Chiefs,—like those

Whom hardy Rome was fearful to oppose,

Whose desperate shock the Carthaginian fled.

In one who lived unknown a Shepherd’s life

Redoubted Viriatus breathes again;

10

And Mina, nourished in the studious shade,

With that great Leader vies, who, sick of strife

And bloodshed, longed in quiet to be laid

In some green Island of the western main.

“The martial courage of a day is vain—”

The martial courage of a day is vain—

An empty noise of death the battle’s roar—

If vital hope be wanting to restore,

Or fortitude be wanting to sustain,

Armies or Kingdoms. We have heard a strain

5

Of triumph, how the labouring Danube bore

A weight of hostile corses: drenched with gore

Were the wide fields, the hamlets heaped with slain.

Yet see, the mighty tumult overpast,

Austria a Daughter of her Throne hath sold!

10

And her Tyrolean Champion we behold

Murdered like one ashore by shipwreck cast,

34 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Murdered without relief. Oh! blind as bold,

To think that such assurance can stand fast!

Conclusion. 1811

Here pause: the Poet claims at least this praise

That virtuous Liberty hath been the scope

Of his pure song, which did not shrink from hope

In the worst moment of these evil days;

From hope, the paramount duty that Heaven lays,

5

For its own honour, on man’s suffering heart.

Never may from our souls one truth depart,

That an accursed thing it is to gaze

On prosperous Tyrants with a dazzled eye;

Nor, touched with due abhorrence of their guilt

10

For whose dire ends tears flow, and blood is spilt,

And justice labours in extremity,

Forget thy weakness, upon which is built,

O wretched Man, the throne of Tyranny!

1811

The power of Armies is a visible thing,

Formal, and circumscribed in time and place;

But who the limits of that power can trace

Which a brave People into light can bring,

Or hide, at will,—for Freedom combating,

5

By just revenge enflamed? No foot can chase,

No eye can follow to a fatal place

That power, that spirit, whether on the wing

Like the strong wind, or sleeping like the wind

Within its awful caves.—From year to year

10

Springs this indigenous produce far and near;

No craft this subtle element can bind,

Rising like water from the soil, to find

In every nook a lip that it may cheer.

On a Celebrated Event in Ancient History

A Roman Master stands on Grecian ground,

And to the Concourse of the Isthmian Games

He, by his Herald’s voice, aloud proclaims

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 35

the liberty of greece:—the words rebound

Until all voices in one voice are drowned;

5

Glad acclamation by which air was rent!

And birds, high-flying in the element,

Dropped to the earth, astonished at the sound!

—A melancholy Echo of that noise

Doth sometimes hang on musing Fancy’s ear:

10

Ah! that a Conqueror’s words should be so dear;

Ah! that a boon could shed such rapturous joys!

A gift of that which is not to be given

By all the blended powers of Earth and Heaven.

Upon the Same Event

When, far and wide, swift as the beams of morn

The tidings passed of servitude repealed,

And of that joy which shook the Isthmian Field,

The rough Ætolians smiled with bitter scorn.

“’Tis known,” cried they, “that He, who would adorn

5

His envied temples with the Isthmian Crown,

Must either win, through effort of his own,

The prize, or be content to see it worn

By more deserving brows.— Yet so ye prop,

Sons of the Brave who fought at Marathon,

10

Your feeble Spirits. Greece her head hath bowed,

As if the wreath of Liberty thereon

Would fix itself as smoothly as a cloud,

Which, at Jove’s will, descends on Pelion’s top!”

Upon the Sight of a Beautiful Picture

Praised be the Art whose subtle power could stay

Yon Cloud, and fix it in that glorious shape;

Nor would permit the thin smoke to escape,

Nor those bright sunbeams to forsake the day;

Which stopped that Band of Travellers on their way

5

Ere they were lost within the shady wood;

And shewed the Bark upon the glassy flood

For ever anchored in her sheltering Bay.

Soul-soothing Art! which Morning, Noon-tide, Even

Do serve with all their changeful pageantry!

10

36 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Thou, with ambition modest yet sublime,

Here, for the sight of mortal man, hast given

To one brief moment caught from fleeting time

The appropriate calm of blest eternity.

Departure

from the vale of grasmere. august 1803

The gentlest Shade that walked Elysian Plains

Might sometimes covet dissoluble chains;

Even for the Tenants of the Zone that lies

Beyond the stars, celestial Paradise,

Methinks ’twould heighten joy, to overleap

5

At will the crystal battlements, and peep

Into some other region, though less fair,

To see how things are made and managed there:

Change for the worse might please, incursion bold

Into the tracts of darkness and of cold;

10

O’er Limbo lake with aëry flight to steer,

And on the verge of Chaos hang in fear.

Such animation often do I find,

Power in my breast, wings growing in my mind,

Then, when some rock or hill is overpast,

15

Perchance without one look behind me cast,

Some barrier with which Nature, from the birth

Of things, has fenced this fairest spot on earth.

O pleasant transit, Grasmere! to resign

Such happy fields, abodes so calm as thine;

20

Not like an outcast with himself at strife;

The slave of business, time, or care for life,

But moved by choice; or, if constrained in part,

Yet still with Nature’s freedom at the heart;

To cull contentment upon wildest shores,

25

And luxuries extract from bleakest moors;

With prompt embrace all beauty to enfold,

And having rights in all that we behold.

—Then why these lingering steps? A bright adieu,

For a brief absence, proves that love is true;

30

Ne’er can the way be irksome or forlorn,

That winds into itself, for sweet return.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 37

[ Epistle to Sir George Howland Beaumont, Bart. From the

South-west Coast of Cumberland.—1811]

Far from [ ] Grasmere’s lake serene,

Her Vale profound and mountains ever green,

Fixed within hearing of loud Ocean’s roar

Where daily, on a bleak and lonesome shore,

Even at this summer season, huge Black Comb

5

Frowns, deep’ning visibly his native gloom.

Unless perchance, rejecting in despite

What on the Plain we have of warmth and light,

In his own Tempests hide himself from Sight.

Here am I, Friend, where neither sheltered road

10

Nor hedgerow screen, invite my steps abroad,

Where one poor Plane-tree, having as it can

Attained a stature twice the height of Man,

Hopeless of further growth, and brown and sere,

Thro’ half the summer stands with top cut sheer

15

Like an unshifting weathercock that proves

How cold the Quarter that the wind best loves,

Or Centinel, that placed in front before

Darkens the window, not defends the door

Of this unfinished House; a Fortress bare,

20

Where strength has been the Builder’s only care,

Whose rugged walls may still for years demand

The finer polish of the Plaisterer’s hand;

This Dwelling’s Inmate more than three weeks’ space

And oft a Prisoner in the cheerless place

25

I, of whose touch the fiddle would complain,

Whose breath would labour at the flute in vain,

In music all unversed—and without skill

A bridge to copy, or to paint a mill;

Tired of my books, a scanty company,

30

And tired of listening to the boisterous Sea,

Pace between door and window murmuring rhyme,

An old resource to cheat the froward time!

And it would well content me to disclaim

  The reading text is drawn from the earliest complete version, which is untitled. WW’s notes are those he published with the poem in  Poems, 1815. The first line in 1815 is “Far from our home by Grasmere’s quiet Lake.”

38 The Poems of William Wordsworth

In these dull hours a more ambitious aim.

35

But if there be a Muse, who, free to take

Her Seat upon Olymphus, doth forsake

Those Heights (like Phœbus when his golden locks

He veiled, attendant on Thessalian Flocks)

And in disguise, a Milkmaid with her pail

40

Trips on the pathways of some winding dale;

Or like a Mermaid warbles on the shores

To Fishers, mending nets beside their doors;

Or like a tired Way-farer faint in mind,

Gives plaintive Ballads to the heedless wind—

45

If such a visitant of Earth there be

And she would deign this day to smile on me

And aid my Verse content with narrow bounds,

Life’s beaten road and Nature’s daily rounds,

Thoughts, chances, sights or doings, which we tell

50

Without reserve to those whom we love well,

Then haply Beaumont, for my pen is near,

The unlaboured lines to your indulgent ear

May be transmitted, else will perish here.

What shall I treat of? News from Mona’s Isle?

55

Such have I, but unvaried in its style;

No tales of Runnagates fresh landed, whence

And wherefore fugitive, or on what pretence—

Of feasts or scandal eddying like the wind

Most restlessly alive, when most confined.

60

Ask not of me whose tongue can best appease

The mighty tumults of the House of Keys,

The last Year’s Cup whose Ram or Heifer gained,

What slopes are planted, and what mosses drained?

An eye of Fancy only can I cast

65

On that proud pageant, now at hand or past,

When full five hundred boats in trim array

With nets and Sails outspread, and streamers gay

And chaunted hymns and stiller voice of prayer

For the old Manx harvest to the Deep repair,

70

Soon as the Herring-shoals at distance shine

Like beds of moonlight shifting on the brine.

Mona from my Abode is daily seen

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 39

But with a wilderness of waves between,

And by conjecture only can I speak

75

Of aught transacted there, in bay or creek;

No tidings reach me thence from town or field;

Only faint news the mountain sun-beams yield,

And some I gather from the misty air,

And some the hovering clouds, my telegraph, declare.

80

But these poetic mysteries I withhold,

For Fancy hath her fits both hot and cold

And should the colder fit with you be on

When you must read, my credit would be gone.

Let more substantial themes our care engage

85

And humbler business occupy the Stage

—First, for our journey hither. Ere the dawn

Had from the east her silver star withdrawn

The Wain stood ready at our Cottage door

Thoughtfully freighted with a various store

90

And long before the uprising of the Sun,

O’er dew-damp’d dust our travel was begun,

A needful journey, under summer skies

Thro’ peopled Vales, yet something in the guise

Of those old Patriarchs, when from Well to Well

95

They roamed, where now the tented Arabs dwell.

Say then, to whom this charge did we confide,

Who promptly undertook the Wain to guide

Up many a sharply-twining road, and down,

And over many a wide hill’s craggy crown,

100

Thro’ the quick turns of many a hollow nook

And the rough bed of many an unbridged brook?

A blooming Lass, who in her better hand

Bore a light switch, her sceptre of command

When yet a slender Girl, she often led,

105

Skilful and bold, the Horse and burdened Sled

From the peat-yielding Moss on Gowdar’s head.

What could we dread with such a Charioteer!

For goods and chattels, or those Infants dear

Escaped not long from malady severe,

110

A Pair who smilingly sate side by side

  “A local word for Sledge.” WW

40 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Our hope confirming, that the salt-sea tide

Whose free embraces we were bound to seek

Would their lost strength restore, and freshen the pale cheek:

Such hope did either Parent entertain

115

Pacing behind, along the silent Lane.

Advancing Summer, Nature’s tasks fulfilled,

The Choristers in Copse and grove had stilled,

But we, we lacked not music of our own,

For lightsome Fanny had thus early thrown

120

Mid the gay prattle of those busy tongues

Some notes prelusive from that round of Songs

With which, more zealous than the liveliest bird

That in wide Arden’s brakes was ever heard,

Her work and her work’s partners she can cheer

125

The whole day long, and all days of the year.

Thus gladdened, soon we saw, and could not pass

Without a pause, Diana’s looking glass!

To Loughrigg’s pool, round, clear and bright as heaven

Such name Italian fancy would have given—

130

Ere on its banks those few grey Cabins rose

That yet molest not its concealed repose

More than the ruffling wind that idly blows.

Ah Beaumont, when an opening in the road

Stopped me at once by charm of what it showed

135

And I beheld (how vividly impressed!)

The encircling landscape on its peaceful breast—

Woods intermingling with a rocky bield,

And the smooth green of many a pendent field,

  “Loughrigg Tarn, alluded to in the foregoing Epistle, resembles, though much smaller in

compass, the Lake Nemi, or  Speculum Diana, as it is often called, not only in its clear waters and circular form, and the beauty immediately surrounding it, but also as being

overlooked by the eminence of Langdale Pikes as Lake Nemi is by that of Monte Calvo.

Since this Epistle was written Loughrigg Tarn has lost much of its beauty by the felling of

many natural clumps of wood, relics of the old forest, particularly upon the farm called ’The

Oaks,” from the abundance of that tree which grew there.

It is to be regretted, upon public grounds, that Sir George Beaumont did not carry into

effect his intention of constructing here a Summer Retreat in the style I have described; as

his Taste would have set an example how buildings, with all the accommodations modern

society requires, might be introduced even into the most secluded parts of this country

without injuring their native character. The design was not abandoned from failure of incli-

nation on his part, but in consequence of local untowardnesses which need not be par-

ticularised.” WW

2  “A word common in the country, signifying shelter, as in Scotland.” WW

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 41

One chimney smoking and its azure wreath—

140

All, all reflected in the Pool beneath,

With here and there a faint imperfect gleam

Of water lilies, veiled in misty steam.

What wonder, at this hour of stillness deep,

A shadowy link ’twixt wakefulness and sleep

145

When Nature’s self amid these watery gleams

Is rendering visible her own soft dreams,

If mixed with what appeared of rock, lawn, wood

Truly repeated in the tranquil flood,

A glimpse I caught of that Abode by Thee

150

Designed to rise in humble privacy,

A lowly Dwelling, here to be outspread

Like a small hamlet with its bashful head

Half hid in native trees. Alas, ’tis not

Nor ever was; I sighed and left the spot

155

Repining at its own untoward lot.

I thought in silence with regret most keen

Of intermingled joys that might have been,

Of neighbourhood, and intermingling Arts

And golden summer days uniting peaceful hearts.

160

But Time, irrecoverable Time is flown

And let us utter thanks for blessings sown

And reaped—what hath been, and what is our own.

To the Poet, Dyer

Bard of the Fleece, whose skilful Genius made

That Work a living landscape fair and bright;

Nor hallowed less with musical delight

Than those soft scenes through which thy Childhood stray’d,

Those southern Tracts of Cambria, “deep embayed,

5

By green hills fenced, by Ocean’s murmur lulled;”

Though hasty Fame hath many a chaplet culled

For worthless brows, while in the pensive shade

Of cold neglect she leaves thy head ungraced,

Yet pure and powerful minds, hearts meek and still,

10

A grateful few, shall love thy modest Lay

Long as the Shepherd’s bleating flock shall stray

O’er naked Snowdon’s wide aerial waste;

42 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Long as the thrush shall pipe on Grongar Hill.

Written with a Slate-pencil, on a Stone, on the

Side of the Mountain of Black Comb

Stay, bold Adventurer; rest awhile thy limbs

On this commodious Seat! for much remains

Of hard ascent before thou reach the top

Of this huge Eminence,—from blackness named,

And, to far-travelled storms of sea and land,

5

A favourite spot of tournament and war!

But thee may no such boisterous visitants

Molest; may gentle breezes fan thy brow;

And neither cloud conceal, nor misty air

Bedim, the grand terraqueous spectacle,

10

From centre to circumference, unveiled!

Know, if thou grudge not to prolong thy rest,

That, on the summit whither thou art bound,

A geographic Labourer pitched his tent,

With books supplied and instruments of art,

15

To measure height and distance; lonely task,

Week after week pursued!— To him was given

Full many a glimpse (but sparingly bestowed

On timid man) of Nature’s processes

Upon the exalted hills. He made report

20

That once, while there he plied his studious work

Within that canvass Dwelling, suddenly

The many-coloured map before his eyes

Became invisible: for all around

Had darkness fallen—unthreatened, unproclaimed—

25

As if the golden day itself had been

Extinguished in a moment; total gloom,

In which he sate alone with unclosed eyes

Upon the blinded mountain’s silent top!

View from the Top of Black Comb

This Height a ministering Angel might select:

  “Black Comb stands at the southern extremity of Cumberland; its base covers a much

greater extent of ground than any other Mountain in these parts; and, from its situation,.

the summit commands a more extensive view than any other point in Britain.” WW

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 43

For from the summit of black comb (dread name

Derived from clouds and storms!) the amplest range

Of unobstructed prospect may be seen

That British ground commands:—low dusky tracts,

5

Where Trent is nursed, far southward! Cambrian Hills

To the south-west, a multitudinous show;

And, in a line of eye-sight linked with these,

The hoary Peaks of Scotland that give birth

To Tiviot’s Stream, to Annan, Tweed, and Clyde;—

10

Crowding the quarter whence the sun comes forth

Gigantic Mountains rough with crags; beneath,

Right at the imperial Station’s western base,

Main Ocean, breaking audibly, and stretched

Far into silent regions blue and pale;—

15

And visibly engirding Mona’s Isle

That, as we left the Plain, before our sight

Stood like a lofty Mount, uplifting slowly,

(Above the convex of the watery globe)

Into clear view the cultured fields that streak

20

Its habitable shores; but now appears

A dwindled object, and submits to lie

At the Spectator’s feet.— Yon azure Ridge,

Is it a perishable cloud? Or there

Do we behold the frame of Erin’s Coast?

25

Land sometimes by the roving shepherd swain,

Like the bright confines of another world

Not doubtfully perceived.—Look homeward now!

In depth, in height, in circuit, how serene

The spectacle, how pure!—Of Nature’s works,

30

In earth, and air, and earth-embracing sea,

A Revelation infinite it seems;

Display august of man’s inheritance,

Of Britain’s calm felicity and power.

In the Grounds of Coleorton, the Seat of

Sir George Beaumont, Bart. Leicestershire

The embowering Rose, the Acacia, and the Pine

Will not unwillingly their place resign;

If but the Cedar thrive that near them stands,

44 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Planted by Beaumont’s and by Wordsworth’s hands.

One wooed the silent Art with studious pains,—

5

These Groves have heard the Other’s pensive strains;

Devoted thus, their spirits did unite

By interchange of knowledge and delight.

May Nature’s kindliest powers sustain the Tree,

And Love protect it from all injury!

10

And when its potent branches, wide out-thrown,

Darken the brow of this memorial Stone,

And to a favourite resting-place invite,

For coolness grateful and a sober light;

Here may some Painter sit in future days,

15

Some future Poet meditate his lays;

Not mindless of that distant age renowned

When Inspiration hovered o’er this ground,

The haunt of Him who sang how spear and shield

In civil conflict met on Bosworth Field;

20

And of that famous Youth, full soon removed

From earth, perhaps by Shakespear’s self approved,

Fletcher’s Associate, Jonson’s Friend beloved.

Written at the Request of Sir George Beaumont, Bart. and in his Name, for

an Urn, placed by him at the Termination of a newly-planted Avenue, in

the same Grounds

Ye Lime-trees, ranged before this hallowed Urn,

Shoot forth with lively power at Spring’s return;

And be not slow a stately growth to rear

Of Pillars, branching off from year to year

Till they at length have framed a darksome Aisle;—

5

Like a recess within that awful Pile

Where Reynolds, mid our Country’s noblest Dead,

In the last sanctity of Fame is laid.

—There, though by right the excelling Painter sleep

Where Death and Glory a joint sabbath keep,

10

Yet not the less his Spirit would hold dear

Self-hidden praise and Friendship’s private tear:

Hence on my patrimonial Grounds have I

Raised this frail tribute to his memory,

From youth a zealous follower of the Art

15

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 45

That he professed, attached to him in heart;

Admiring, loving, and with grief and pride

Feeling what England lost when Reynolds died.

In a Garden of the same

Oft is the Medal faithful to its trust

When Temples, Columns, Towers are laid in dust;

And ’tis a common ordinance of fate

That things obscure and small outlive the great:

Hence, when yon Mansion and the flowery trim

5

Of this fair Garden, and its alleys dim,

And all its stately trees, are passed away,

This little Niche, unconscious of decay,

Perchance may still survive.—And be it known

That it was scooped within the living stone,—

10

Not by the sluggish and ungrateful pains

Of labourer plodding for his daily gains;

But by an industry that wrought in love,

With help from female hands, that proudly strove

To shape the work, what time these walks and bowers

15

Were framed to cheer dark winter’s lonely hours.

Inscription for a Seat in the Groves of Coleorton

Beneath yon eastern Ridge, the craggy Bound,

Rugged and high, of Charnwood’s forest ground,

Stand yet, but, Stranger! hidden from thy view,

The ivied Ruins of forlorn grace dieu;

Erst a religious House, that day and night

5

With hymns resounded, and the chaunted rite:

And when those rites had ceased, the Spot gave birth

To honourable Men of various worth:

There, on the margin of a Streamlet wild,

Did Francis Beaumont sport, an eager Child;

10

There, under shadow of the neighbouring rocks,

Sang youthful tales of shepherds and their flocks;

Unconscious prelude to heroic themes,

Heart-breaking tears, and melancholy dreams

Of slighted love, and scorn, and jealous rage,

15

With which his genius shook the buskined Stage.

46 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Communities are lost, and Empires die,—

And things of holy use unhallowed lie;

They perish;—but the Intellect can raise,

From airy words alone, a Pile that ne’er decays.

20

Song for the Spinning Wheel

founded upon a belief prevalent among the pastoral vales of

westmorland

Swiftly turn the murmuring wheel!

Night has brought the welcome hour,

When the weary fingers feel

Help, as if from fairy power;

Dewy night o’ershades the ground;

5

Turn the swift wheel round and round!

Now, beneath the starry sky,

Rest the widely-scatter’d sheep;—

Ply, the pleasant labour, ply!—

For the spindle, while they sleep,

10

With a motion smooth and fine

Gathers up a trustier line.

Short-liv’d likings may be bred

By a glance from fickle eyes;

But true love is like the thread

15

Which the kindly wool supplies,

When the flocks are all at rest,

Sleeping on the mountain’s breast.

“Grief, thou hast lost an ever ready Friend”

Grief, thou hast lost an ever ready Friend

Now that the cottage spinning-wheel is mute;

And Care—a Comforter that best could suit

Her froward mood, and softliest reprehend;

And Love—a Charmer’s voice, that used to lend,

5

More efficaciously than aught that flows

From harp or lute, kind influence to compose

The throbbing pulse,—else troubled without end:

Ev’n Joy could tell, Joy craving truce and rest

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 47

From her own overflow, what power sedate

10

On those revolving motions did await

Assiduously, to sooth her aching breast;

And—to a point of just relief—abate

The mantling triumphs of a day too blest.

“The fairest, brightest hues of ether fade”

The fairest, brightest hues of ether fade;

The sweetest notes must terminate and die;

O Friend! thy flute has breathed a harmony

Softly resounded through this rocky glade;

Such strains of rapture as the Genius played

5

In his still haunt on Bagdad’s summit high;

He who stood visible to Mirzah’s eye,

Never before to human sight betrayed.

Lo, in the vale the mists of evening spread!

The visionary Arches are not there,

10

Nor the green Islands, nor the shining Seas;

Yet sacred is to me this Mountain’s head,

From which I have been lifted on the breeze

Of harmony, above all earthly care.

“Even as a dragon’s eye that feels the stress”

Even as a dragon’s eye that feels the stress

Of a bedimming sleep, or as a lamp

Sullenly glaring through sepulchral damp,

So burns yon Taper mid its black recess

Of mountains, silent, dreary, motionless:

5

The Lake below reflects it not; the sky

Muffled in clouds affords no company

To mitigate and cheer its loneliness.

Yet round the body of that joyless Thing,

Which sends so far its melancholy light,

10

Perhaps are seated in domestic ring

A gay society with faces bright,

Conversing, reading, laughing;—or they sing,

While hearts and voices in the song unite.

  “See the vision of Mirzah in the Spectator.” WW; he cites Joseph Addison in  The Spectator, no. 59, Saturday, September , 7.

48 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“Hail Twilight,—sovereign of one peaceful hour!”

Hail Twilight,—sovereign of one peaceful hour!

Not dull art Thou as undiscerning Night;

But studious only to remove from sight

Day’s mutable distinctions.—Ancient Power!

Thus did the waters gleam, the mountains lower

5

To the rude Briton, when, in wolf-skin vest

Here roving wild, he laid him down to rest

On the bare rock, or through a leafy bower

Looked ere his eyes were closed. By him was seen

The self-same Vision which we now behold,

10

At thy meek bidding, shadowy Power, brought forth;—

These mighty barriers, and the gulph between;

The floods,—the stars,—a spectacle as old

As the beginning of the heavens and earth!

Composed on the Eve of the Marriage of a Friend,

in the Vale of Grasmere

What need of clamorous bells, or ribbands gay,

These humble Nuptials to proclaim or grace?

Angels of Love, look down upon the place,

Shed on the chosen Vale a sun-bright day!

Even for such omen would the Bride display

5

No mirthful gladness:—serious is her face,

Modest her mien; and she, whose thoughts keep pace

With gentleness, in that becoming way

Will thank you. Faultless does the Maid appear,

No disproportion in her soul, no strife:

10

But, when the closer view of wedded life

Hath shewn that nothing human can be clear

From frailty, for that insight may the Wife

To her indulgent Lord become more dear.

“Surprized by joy—impatient as the Wind”

Surprized by joy—impatient as the Wind

I wished to share the transport—Oh! with whom

But thee, long buried in the silent Tomb,

That spot which no vicissitude can find?

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 49

Love, faithful love recalled thee to my mind—

5

But how could I forget thee?— Through what power,

Even for the least division of an hour,

Have I been so beguiled as to be blind

To my most grievous loss?— That thought’s return

Was the worst pang that sorrow ever bore,

10

Save one, one only, when I stood forlorn,

Knowing my heart’s best treasure was no more;

That neither present time, nor years unborn

Could to my sight that heavenly face restore.

Characteristics

Of a Child three Years old

Loving she is, and tractable, though wild;

And Innocence hath privilege in her

To dignify arch looks and laughing eyes;

And feats of cunning; and the pretty round

Of trespasses, affected to provoke

5

Mock-chastisement and partnership in play.

And, as a faggot sparkles on the hearth,

Not less if unattended and alone

Than when both young and old sit gathered round

And take delight in its activity,

10

Even so this happy Creature of herself

Is all sufficient: solitude to her

Is blithe society, who fills the air

With gladness and involuntary songs.

Light are her sallies as the tripping Fawn’s

15

Forth-startled from the fern where she lay couched;

Unthought-of, unexpected as the stir

Of the soft breeze ruffling the meadow flowers;

Or from before it chasing wantonly

The many-coloured images impressed

20

Upon the bosom of a placid lake.

Maternal Grief

Departed Child! I could forget thee once

Though at my bosom nursed; this woeful gain

Thy dissolution brings, that in my soul

50 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Is present and perpetually abides

A shadow, never, never to be displaced,

5

By the returning substance, seen or touched,

Seen by mine eyes, or clasped in my embrace.

Absence and death how differ they! and how

Shall I admit that nothing can restore

What one short sigh so easily removed?—

10

Death, life, and sleep, reality and thought,

Assist me God their boundaries to know,

O teach me calm submission to thy Will!

The Child she mourned had overstepped the pale

Of Infancy, but still did breathe the air

15

That sanctifies its confines, and partook

Reflected beams of that celestial light

To all the Little-ones on sinful earth

Not unvouchsafed—a light that warmed and cheered

Those several qualities of heart and mind

20

Which, in her own blest nature, rooted deep

Daily before the Mother’s watchful eye,

And not hers only, their peculiar charms

Unfolded,—beauty, for its present self

And for its promises to future years,

25

With not unfrequent rapture fondly hailed.

Have you espied upon a dewy lawn

A pair of Leverets each provoking each

To a continuance of their fearless sport,

Two separate Creatures in their several gifts

30

Abounding, but so fashioned that, in all

That Nature prompts them to display, their looks

Their starts of motion and their fits of rest,

An undistinguishable style appears

And character of gladness, as if Spring

35

Lodged in their innocent bosoms, and the spirit

Of the rejoicing morning were their own.

Such union, in the lovely Girl maintained

And her twin Brother, had the parent seen,

Ere, pouncing like a ravenous bird of prey,

40

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 51

Death in a moment parted them, and left

The Mother, in her turns of anguish, worse

Than desolate; for oft-times from the sound

Of the survivor’s sweetest voice (dear child,

He knew it not) and from his happiest looks,

45

Did she extract the food of self-reproach,

As one that lived ungrateful for the stay,

By Heaven afforded to uphold her maimed

And tottering spirit. And full oft the Boy,

Now first acquainted with distress and grief,

50

Shrunk from his Mother’s presence, shunned with fear

Her sad approach, and stole away to find,

In his known haunts of joy where’er he might,

A more congenial object. But, as time

Softened her pangs and reconciled the child

55

To what he saw, he gradually returned,

Like a scared Bird encouraged to renew

A broken intercourse; and, while his eyes

Were yet with pensive fear and gentle awe

Turned upon her who bore him, she would stoop

60

To imprint a kiss that lacked not power to spread

Faint colour over both their pallid cheeks,

And stilled his tremulous lip. Thus they were calmed

And cheered; and now together breathe fresh air

In open fields; and when the glare of day

65

Is gone, and twilight to the Mother’s wish

Befriends the observance, readily they join

In walks whose boundary is the lost One’s grave,

Which he with flowers hath planted, finding there

Amusement, where the Mother does not miss

70

Dear consolation, kneeling on the turf

In prayer, yet blending with that solemn rite

Of pious faith the vanities of grief;

For such, by pitying Angels and by Spirits

Transferred to regions upon which the clouds

75

Of our weak nature rest not, must be deemed

Those willing tears, and unforbidden sighs,

And all those tokens of a cherished sorrow,

Which, soothed and sweetened by the grace of Heaven

52 The Poems of William Wordsworth

As now it is, seems to her own fond heart,

80

Immortal as the love that gave it being.

“If Thou indeed derive thy light from Heaven”

If Thou indeed derive thy light from Heaven,

Shine, Poet, in thy place, and be content!

The Star that from the zenith darts its beams,

Visible though it be to half the Earth,

Though half a sphere be conscious of its brightness,

5

Is yet of no diviner origin,

No purer essence, than the One that burns,

Like an untended watch-fire, on the ridge

Of some dark mountain; or than those which seem

Humbly to hang, like twinkling winter lamps,

10

Among the branches of the leafless trees.

“Six months to six years added, He remain’d”

Six months to six years added, He remain’d

Upon this sinful earth, by sin unstain’d.

O blessed Lord, whose mercy then remov’d

A Child whom every eye that look’d on lov’d,

Support us, teach us calmly to resign

5

What we possess’d and now is wholly thine.

November, 1813

Now that all hearts are glad, all faces bright,

Our aged Sovereign sits;—to the ebb and flow

Of states and kingdoms, to their joy or woe

Insensible;—he sits deprived of sight,

And lamentably wrapped in twofold night,

5

Whom no weak hopes deceived,—whose mind ensued,

Through perilous war, with regal fortitude,

Peace that should claim respect from lawless Might.

Dread King of Kings, vouchsafe a ray divine

To his forlorn condition! let thy grace

10

Upon his inner soul in mercy shine;

1 The sonnet appeared first in the Courier, January , 84, about a month after the defeat of Napoleon at Leipzig was announced in London. Published in 85 as “Added, November

83”—that is, added to the sonnet series “Liberty.”

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 53

Permit his heart to kindle, and embrace,

(Though were it only for a moment’s space)

The triumphs of this hour; for they are thine!

Composed in one of the Valleys of Westmoreland,

on Easter Sunday

With each recurrence of this glorious morn

That saw the Saviour in his human frame

Rise from the dead, erewhile the Cottage-dame

Put on fresh raiment—till that hour unworn:

Domestic hands the home-bred wool had shorn,

5

And she who span it culled the daintiest fleece,

In thoughtful reverence to the Prince of Peace

Whose temples bled beneath the platted thorn.

A blest estate when piety sublime

These humble props disdain’d not! O green dales!

10

Sad may I be who heard your sabbath chime

When Art’s abused inventions were unknown;

Kind Nature’s various wealth was all your own;

And benefits were weighed in Reason’s scales!

“Weak is the will of Man, his judgment blind”

“Weak is the will of Man, his judgment blind;

Remembrance persecutes, and Hope betrays;

Heavy is woe;—and joy, for human-kind,

A mournful thing,—so transient is the blaze!”

Thus might he paint our lot of mortal days

5

Who wants the glorious faculty assigned

To elevate the more-than-reasoning Mind,

And colour life’s dark cloud with orient rays.

Imagination is that sacred power,

Imagination lofty and refined:

10

’Tis hers to pluck the amaranthine Flower

Of Faith, and round the Sufferer’s temples bind

Wreaths that endure affliction’s heaviest shower,

And do not shrink from sorrow’s keenest wind.

54 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Composed at Cora Linn,

in sight of wallace’s tower



“—How Wallace fought for Scotland, left the name



Of Wallace to be found, like a wild flower,



All over his dear Country; left the deeds



Of Wallace, like a family of ghosts,



To people the steep rocks and river banks



Her natural sanctuaries, with a local soul



Of independence and stern liberty.”

MS.

Lord of the Vale! astounding Flood!

The dullest leaf, in this thick wood,

Quakes—conscious of thy power;

The caves reply with hollow moan;

And vibrates, to its central stone,

5

Yon time-cemented Tower!

And yet how fair the rural scene!

For thou, O Clyde, hast ever been

Beneficent as strong;

Pleased in refreshing dews to steep

10

The little trembling flowers that peep

Thy shelving rocks among.

Hence all who love their country, love

To look on thee—delight to rove

Where they thy voice can hear;

15

And, to the patriot-warrior’s Shade,

Lord of the vale! to Heroes laid

In dust, that voice is dear!

Along thy banks, at dead of night,

Sweeps visibly the Wallace Wight;

20

Or stands, in warlike vest,

Aloft, beneath the moon’s pale beam,

A Champion worthy of the Stream,

Yon grey tower’s living crest!

But clouds and envious darkness hide

25

A Form not doubtfully descried:—

Their transient mission o’er,

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 55

O say to what blind regions flee

These Shapes of awful phantasy?

To what untrodden shore?

30

Less than divine command they spurn;

But this we from the mountains learn,

And this the valleys show,

That never will they deign to hold

Communion where the heart is cold

35

To human weal and woe.

The man of abject soul in vain

Shall walk the Marathonian Plain;

Or thrid the shadowy gloom,

That still invests the guardian Pass,

40

Where stood sublime Leonidas,

Devoted to the tomb.

Nor deem that it can aught avail

For such to glide with oar or sail

Beneath the piny wood,

45

Where Tell once drew, by Uri’s lake,

His vengeful shafts—prepared to slake

Their thirst in Tyrants’ blood!

Suggested by a beautiful ruin

upon one of the islands of Loch Lomond,

a place chosen for the retreat of a solitary individual,

from whom this habitation acquired the name of

The Brownie’s Cell

To barren heath, and quaking fen,

Or depth of labyrinthine glen;

Or into trackless forest set

With trees, whose lofty umbrage met;

World-wearied Men withdrew of yore,—

5

(Penance their trust, and Prayer their store;)

And in the wilderness were bound

To such apartments as they found;

Or with a new ambition raised;

That God might suitably be praised.

10

56 The Poems of William Wordsworth

High lodged the Warrior, like a bird of prey;

Or where broad waters round him lay:

But this wild Ruin is no ghost

Of his devices—buried, lost!

Within this little lonely Isle

15

There stood a consecrated Pile;

Where tapers burn’d, and mass was sung,

For them whose timid spirits clung

To mortal succour, though the tomb

Had fixed, for ever fixed, their doom!

20

Upon those servants of another world

When madding Power her bolts had hurled,

Their habitation shook;—it fell,

And perish’d—save one narrow Cell;

Whither, at length, a Wretch retir’d

25

Who neither grovell’d nor aspir’d:

He, struggling in the net of pride,

The future scorned, the past defied;

Still tempering, from the unguilty forge

Of vain conceit, an iron scourge!

30

Proud Remnant was he of a fearless Race,

Who stood and flourished face to face

With their perennial hills;—but Crime

Hastening the stern decrees of Time,

Brought low a Power, which from its home

35

Burst, when repose grew wearisome;

And, taking impulse from the sword,

And mocking its own plighted word,

Had found, in ravage widely dealt,

Its warfare’s bourn, its travel’s belt!

40

All, all were dispossess’d, save Him whose smile

Shot lightning through this lonely Isle!

No right had he but what he made

To this small spot, his leafy shade;

But the ground lay within that ring

45

To which he only dared to cling;

Renouncing here, as worse than dead,

The craven few who bowed the head

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 57

Beneath the change, who heard a claim

How loud! yet liv’d in peace with shame.

50

From year to year this shaggy Mortal went

(So seem’d it) down a strange descent:

Till they, who saw his outward frame,

Fix’d on him an unhallow’d name;

Him—free from all malicious taint,

55

And guiding, like the Patmos Saint,

A pen unwearied—to indite,

In his lone Isle, the dreams of night;

Impassion’d dreams, that strove to span

The faded glories of his Clan!

60

Suns that through blood their western harbour sought,

And stars that in their courses fought,—

Towers rent, winds combating with woods—

Lands delug’d by unbridled floods,—

And beast and bird that from the spell

65

Of sleep took import terrible,—

These types mysterious (if the show

Of battle and the routed foe

Had failed) would furnish an array

Of matter for the dawning day!

70

How disappeared He?—ask the Newt and Toad,

Inheritors of his abode;

The Otter crouching undisturb’d,

In her dank cleft;—but be thou curb’d

O froward Fancy! mid a scene

75

Of aspect winning and serene;

For those offensive creatures shun

The inquisition of the sun!

And in this region flowers delight,

And all is lovely to the sight.

80

Spring finds not here a melancholy breast,

When she applies her annual test

To dead and living; when her breath

Quickens, as now, the wither’d heath;—

Nor flaunting Summer—when he throws

85

58 The Poems of William Wordsworth

His soul into the briar-rose;

Or calls the lily from her sleep

Prolong’d beneath the bordering deep;

Nor Autumn, when the viewless wren

Is warbling near the Brownie’s Den.

90

Wild Relique! beauteous as the chosen spot

In Nysa’s isle, the embellish’d Grot;

Whither, by care of Lybian Jove,

(High Servant of paternal Love)

Young Bacchus was conveyed—to lie

95

Safe from his step-dame Rhea’s eye;

Where bud, and bloom, and fruitage, glowed,

Close-crowding round the Infant God;

All colours, and the liveliest streak

A foil to his celestial cheek!

100

Effusion,

in the pleasure-ground on the banks of the bran, near dunkeld

“The water fall, by a loud roaring, warned us when we must expect it. We

were first, however, conducted into a small apartment where the Gardener

desired us to look at the picture of Ossian, which, while he was telling the

history of the young Artist who executed the work, disappeared, parting in

the middle—flying asunder as by the touch of magic—and lo! we are at the

entrance of a splendid apartment, which was almost dizzy and alive with

waterfalls, that tumbled in all directions; the great cascade, opposite the

window, which faced us, being reflected in innumerable mirrors upon the

ceilings and against the walls.”

Extract from the Journal of my Fellow-Traveller.

What! He—who, mid the kindred throng

Of Heroes that inspired his song,

Doth yet frequent the hill of storms,

The Stars dim-twinkling through their: forms!

What! Ossian here?—a painted Thrall,

5

Mute fixture on a stuccoed wall;

To serve—an unsuspected screen

For show that must not yet be seen;

And, when the moment comes, to part

And vanish, by mysterious art;

10

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 59

Head, Harp, and, Body, split asunder,

For ingress to a world of wonder;

A gay Saloon, with waters dancing

Upon the sight wherever glancing;

One loud Cascade in front, and lo!

15

A thousand like it, white as snow—

Streams on the walls, and torrent foam

As active round the hollow dome,

Illusive cataracts! of their terrors

Not stripped, nor voiceless in the Mirrors,

20

That catch the pageant from the Flood

Thundering adown a rocky wood!

Strange scene, fantastic and uneasy

As ever made a Maniac dizzy,

When disenchanted from the mood

25

That loves on sullen thoughts to brood!

O Nature, in thy changeful visions,

Through all thy most abrupt transitions,

Smooth, graceful, tender, or sublime,

Ever averse to Pantomime,

30

Thee neither do they know nor us

Thy Servants, who can trifle thus;

Else surely had the sober powers

Of rock that frowns, and stream that roars,

Exalted by congenial sway

35

Of Spirits, and the undying Lay,

And names that moulder not away,

Awakened some redeeming thought

More worthy of this favoured Spot;

Recalled some feeling—to set free

40

The Bard from such indignity!

The Effigies of a valiant Wight

I once beheld, a Templar Knight;

Not postrate, not like those that rest

On Tombs, with palms together prest,

45

But sculptured out of living stone,

And standing upright and alone,

  “On the banks of the River Nid, near Knaresborough.” WW

60 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Both hands with rival energy

Employed in setting his sword free

From its dull sheath—stern Sentinel

50

Intent to guard St. Robert’s Cell;

As if with memory of the affray

Far distant, when, as legends say,

The Monks of Fountain’s thronged to force

From its dear home the Hermit’s corse,

55

That in their keeping it might lie,

To crown their Abbey’s sanctity.

So had they rushed into the Grot

Of sense despised, a world forgot,

And torn him from his loved Retreat,

60

Where Altar-stone and rock-hewn seat

Still hint that quiet best is found,

Even by the Living, under ground;

But a bold Knight, the selfish aim

Defeating, put the Monks to shame,

65

There where you see his Image stand

Bare to the sky, with threatening brand

Which lingering Nid is proud to show

Reflected in the pool below.

Thus, like the Men of earliest days,

70

Our Sires set forth their grateful praise;

Uncouth the workmanship, and rude!

But, nursed in mountain solitude,

Might some aspiring Artist dare

To seize whate’er, through misty air,

75

A Ghost, by glimpses, may present

Of imitable lineament,

And give the Phantom such array

As less should scorn the abandoned clay;

Then let him hew with patient stroke

80

An Ossian out of mural rock,

And leave the figurative Man

Upon thy Margin, roaring Bran!

Fixed, like the Templar of the steep,

An everlasting watch to keep;

85

With local sanctities in trust,

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 61

More precious than a Hermit’s dust;

And virtues through the mass infused,

Which old Idolatry abused.

What though the Granite would deny

90

All fervour to the sightless eye;

And touch from rising Suns in vain

Solicit a Memnonian strain;

Yet, in some fit of anger sharp,

The Wind might force the deep-grooved harp

95

To utter melancholy moans

Not unconnected with the tones

Of soul-sick flesh and weary bones;

While grove and river notes would lend,

Less deeply sad, with these to blend!

100

Vain Pleasures of luxurious life,

For ever with yourselves at strife;

Through town and country both deranged

By affectations interchanged,

And all the perishable gauds

105

That heaven-deserted Man applauds;

When will your hapless Patrons learn

To watch and ponder—to discern

The freshness, the eternal youth,

Of admiration sprung from truth;

110

From beauty infinitely growing

Upon a mind with love o’erflowing;

To sound the depths of every Art

That seeks its wisdom through the heart?

Thus (where the intrusive Pile, ill-graced

115

With baubles of Theatric taste,

O’erlooks the Torrent breathing showers

On motley bands of alien flowers,

In stiff confusion set or sown,

Till Nature cannot find her own,

120

Or keep a remnant of the sod

Which Caledonian Heroes trod)

I mused; and, thirsting for redress,

Recoiled into the wilderness.

62 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Yarrow Visited,

september, 1814

And is this—Yarrow?— This the Stream

Of which my fancy cherish’d,

So faithfully, a waking dream?

An image that hath perish’d!

O that some Minstrel’s harp were near,

5

To utter notes of gladness,

And chase this silence from the air,

That fills my heart with sadness!

Yet why?—a silvery current flows

With uncontrolled meanderings;

10

Nor have these eyes by greener hills

Been soothed, in all my wanderings.

And, through her depths, Saint Mary’s Lake

Is visibly delighted;

For not a feature of those hills

15

Is in the mirror slighted.

A blue sky bends o’er Yarrow vale,

Save where that pearly whiteness

Is round the rising sun diffused,

A tender, hazy brightness;

20

Mild dawn of promise! that excludes

All profitless dejection;

Though not unwilling here to admit

A pensive recollection.

Where was it that the famous Flower

25

Of Yarrow Vale lay bleeding?

His bed perchance was yon smooth mound

On which the herd is feeding:

And haply from this crystal pool,

Now peaceful as the morning,

30

The Water-wraith ascended thrice—

And gave his doleful warning.

  In a note published with the poem in 836, WW refers his reader to  Yarrow Unvisited (c.

803). See vol.  of this edition, and a third Yarrow poem,  Yarrow Revisited, below.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 63

Delicious is the Lay that sings

The haunts of happy Lovers,

The path that leads them to the grove,

35

The leafy grove that covers:

And Pity sanctifies the verse

That paints, by strength of sorrow,

The unconquerable strength of love;

Bear witness, rueful Yarrow!

40

But thou, that didst appear so fair

To fond imagination,

Dost rival in the light of day

Her delicate creation:

Meek loveliness is round thee spread,

45

A softness still and holy;

The grace of forest charms decayed,

And pastoral melancholy.

That Region left, the Vale unfolds

Rich groves of lofty stature,

50

With Yarrow winding through the pomp

Of cultivated nature;

And, rising from those lofty groves,

Behold a Ruin hoary!

The shattered front of Newark’s Towers,

55

Renowned in Border story.

Fair scenes for childhood’s opening bloom,

For sportive youth to stray in;

For manhood to enjoy his strength;

And age to wear away in!

60

Yon Cottage seems a bower of bliss;

It promises protection

To studious ease, and generous cares,

And every chaste affection!

How sweet, on this autumnal day,

65

The wild wood’s fruits to gather,

And on my True-love’s forehead plant

A crest of blooming heather!

And what if I enwreathed my own!

64 The Poems of William Wordsworth

’Twere no offence to reason;

70

The sober Hills thus deck their brows

To meet the wintry season.

I see—but not by sight alone,

Lov’d Yarrow, have I won thee;

A ray of Fancy still survives—

75

Her sunshine plays upon thee!

Thy ever-youthful waters keep

A course of lively pleasure;

And gladsome notes my lips can breathe,

Accordant to the measure.

80

The vapours linger round the Heights,

They melt—and soon must vanish;

One hour is theirs, nor more is mine—

Sad thought, which I would banish,

But that I know, where’er I go,

85

Thy genuine image, Yarrow,

Will dwell with me—to heighten joy,

And cheer my mind in sorrow.

To ———

From the dark chambers of dejection freed,

Spurning the unprofitable yoke of care

Rise, * * * * rise: the gales of youth shall bear

Thy genius forward like a winged steed.

Though bold Bellerophon (so Jove decreed

5

In wrath) fell headlong from the fields of air,

Yet a high guerdon waits on minds that dare,

If aught be in them of immortal seed,

And reason govern that audacious flight

Which heav’n-ward they direct.— Then droop not thou,

10

Erroneously renewing a sad vow

In the low dell mid Roslin’s fading grove:

A cheerful life is what the Muses love,

A soaring spirit is their prime delight.

  In 820 WW replaced the asterisks with the surname of his Scottish friend, R. P. Gillies

(778–858).

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 65

Extract

from the conclusion of a poem, composed upon leaving school

Dear native Regions, I foretell

From what I feel at this farewell,

That, wheresoe’er my steps shall tend,

And whensoe’er my course shall end,

If in that hour a single tie

5

Survive of local sympathy,

My soul will cast the backward view,

The longing look alone on you.

Thus, when the Sun, prepared for rest,

Hath gained the precincts of the West,

10

Though his departing radiance fail

To illuminate the hollow Vale,

A lingering light he fondly throws

On the dear Hills where first he rose.

Laodamìa

“With sacrifice, before the rising morn

Performed, my slaughtered Lord have I required;

And in thick darkness, amid shades forlorn,

Him of the infernal Gods have I desired:

Celestial pity I again implore;—

5

Restore him to my sight—great Jove, restore!”

So speaking, and by fervent love endowed

With faith, the suppliant heav’n-ward lifts her hands;

While, like the Sun emerging from a Cloud,

Her countenance brightens,—and her eye expands,

10

Her bosom heaves and spreads, her stature grows,

And she expects the issue in repose.

O terror! what hath she perceived?—O joy!

What doth she look on?—whom doth she behold?

Her hero slain upon the beach of Troy?

15

His vital presence—his corporeal mold?

  The reading text is that of  Poems, 85. For the early poem mentioned in the title, see ll.

354–365 of  The Vale of Esthwaite in vol.  of this edition.

66 The Poems of William Wordsworth

It is—if sense deceive her not—’tis He!

And a God leads him—winged Mercury!

Mild Hermes spake—and touched her with his wand

That calms all fear, “Such grace hath crowned thy prayer,

20

Laodamia, that at Jove’s command

Thy Husband walks the paths of upper air:

He comes to tarry with thee three hours’ space;

Accept the gift, behold him face to face.”

Forth sprang the impassion’d Queen her Lord to clasp;

25

Again that consummation she essayed;

But unsubstantial Form eludes her grasp

As often as that eager grasp was made.

The Phantom parts—but parts to re-unite,

And re-assume his place before her sight.

30

“Protesilaus, lo! thy guide is gone!

Confirm, I pray, the Vision with thy voice:

This is our Palace,—yonder is thy throne;

Speak, and the floor thou tread’st on will rejoice.

Not to appal me have the Gods bestowed

35

This precious boon,—and blest a sad Abode.”

“Great Jove, Laodamia, doth not leave

His gifts imperfect:—Spectre though I be,

I am not sent to scare thee or deceive;

But in reward of thy fidelity.

40

And something also did my worth obtain;

For fearless virtue bringeth boundless gain.

Thou know’st, the Delphic oracle foretold

That the first Greek who touch’d the Trojan strand

Should die; but me the threat did not withhold:

45

A generous cause a Victim did demand;

And forth I leapt upon the sandy plain;

A self-devoted Chief—by Hector slain.”

“Supreme of Heroes—bravest, noblest, best!

Thy matchless courage I bewail no more,

50

That then, when tens of thousands were deprest

By doubt, propelled thee to the fatal shore:

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 67

Thou found’st—and I forgive thee—here thou art—

A nobler counsellor than my poor heart.

But thou, though capable of sternest deed,

55

Wert kind as resolute, and good as brave;

And he, whose power restores thee, hath decreed

That thou shouldst cheat the malice of the grave;

Redundant are thy locks, thy lips as fair

As when their breath enriched Thessalian air.

60

No Spectre greets me,—no vain Shadow this:

Come, blooming Hero, place thee by my side!

Give, on this well-known couch, one nuptial kiss

To me, this day, a second time thy bride!”

Jove frowned in heaven; the conscious Parcæ threw

65

Upon those roseate lips a Stygian hue.

“This visage tells thee that my doom is past:

Know, virtue were not virtue if the joys

Of sense were able to return as fast

And surely as they vanish.—Earth destroys

70

Those raptures duly—Erebus disdains:

Calm pleasures there abide—majestic pains.

Be taught, O faithful Consort, to control

Rebellious passion: for the Gods approve

The depth, and not the tumult of the soul;

75

The fervor—not the impotence of love.

Thy transports moderate; and meekly mourn

When I depart, for brief is my sojourn—”

“Ah, wherefore?—Did not Hercules by force

Wrest from the guardian Monster of the tomb

80

Alcestis, a reanimated Corse,

Given back to dwell on earth in beauty’s bloom?

Medea’s spells dispersed the weight of years,

And Æson stood a Youth mid youthful peers.

The Gods to us are merciful—and they

85

Yet further may relent: for mightier far

Than strength of nerve and sinew, or the sway

Of magic potent over sun and star

68 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Is love, though oft to agony distrest,

And though his favorite seat be feeble Woman’s breast.

90

But if thou go’st, I follow—” “Peace!” he said—

She looked upon him and was calmed and cheered;

The ghastly colour from his lips had fled;

In his deportment, shape, and mien, appeared

Elysian beauty—melancholy grace—

95

Brought from a pensive though a happy place.

He spake of love, such love as Spirits feel

In worlds whose course is equable and pure;

No fears to beat away—no strife to heal—

The past unsighed for, and the future sure;

100

Spake, as a witness, of a second birth

For all that is most perfect upon earth:

Of all that is most beauteous—imaged there

In happier beauty; more pellucid streams,

An ampler ether, a diviner air,

105

And fields invested with purpureal gleams;

Climes which the Sun, who sheds the brightest day

Earth knows, is all unworthy to survey.

Yet there the Soul shall enter which hath earned

That privilege by virtue.— “Ill,” said he,

110

“The end of man’s existence I discerned,

Who from ignoble games and revelry

Could draw, when we had parted, vain delight

While tears were thy best pastime,—day and night:

And while my youthful peers, before my eyes,

115

(Each Hero following his peculiar bent)

Prepared themselves for glorious enterprize

By martial sports,—or, seated in the tent,

Chieftains and kings in council were detained;

What time the Fleet at Aulis lay enchained.

120

The wish’d-for wind was given:—I then revolved

  “For this feature in the character of Protesilaus, see the Iphigenia in Aulis of Euripides.”

WW

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 69

Our future course, upon the silent sea;

And, if no worthier led the way, resolved

That, of a thousand vessels, mine should be

The foremost prow in pressing to the strand,—

125

Mine the first blood that tinged the Trojan sand.

Yet bitter, oft-times bitter, was the pang

When of thy loss I thought, beloved Wife;

On thee too fondly did my memory hang,

And on the joys we shared in mortal life,—

130

The paths which we had trod—these fountains—flowers;

My new-planned Cities, and unfinished Towers.

But should suspense permit the Foe to cry,

“Behold they tremble!—haughty their array,

Yet of their number no one dares to die?”—

135

In soul I swept the indignity away:

Old frailties then recurred:—but lofty thought,

In act embodied, my deliverance wrought.

And thou, though strong in love, art all too weak

In reason, in self-government too slow;

140

I counsel thee by fortitude to seek

Our blest re-union in the shades below.

The invisible world with thee hath sympathized;

Be thy affections raised and solemnized.

Learn by a mortal yearning to ascend

145

Towards a higher object:—Love was given,

Encouraged, sanctioned, chiefly for this end.

For this the passion to excess was driven—

That self might be annulled; her bondage prove

The fetters of a dream, opposed to love.”

150

Aloud she shrieked! for Hermes re-appears!

Round the dear Shade she would have clung—’tis vain:

The hours are past, too brief had they been years;

And him no mortal effort can detain:

Swift tow’rd the realms that know not earthly day,

155

He through the portal takes his silent way—

And on the palace-floor a lifeless corse she lay.

70 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Ah, judge her gently who so deeply loved!

Her, who, in reason’s spite, yet without crime,

Was in a trance of passion thus removed;

160

Delivered from the galling yoke of time

And these frail elements to gather flowers

Of blissful quiet mid unfading bowers.

Yet tears to human suffering are due;

And mortal hopes defeated and o’erthrown

165

Are mourned by man, and not by man alone,

As fondly he believes.—Upon the side

Of Hellespont (such faith was entertained)

A knot of spiry trees for ages grew

From out the tomb of him for whom she died;

170

And ever, when such stature they had gained

That Ilium’s walls were subject to their view,

The trees’ tall summits wither’d at the sight;

A constant interchange of growth and blight!

“Through Cumbrian wilds, in many a mountain cove”

Through Cumbrian wilds, in many a mountain cove,

The pastoral Muse laments the Wheel—no more

Engaged, near blazing hearth on clean-swept floor,

In tasks which guardian Angels might approve;

Friendly the weight of leisure to remove,

5

And to beguile the lassitude of ease;

Gracious to all the dear dependences

Of house and field,—to plenty, peace, and love.

There, too, did Fancy prize the murmuring wheel;

For sympathies, inexplicably fine,

10

Instilled a confidence—how sweet to feel!

That ever in the night calm, when the Sheep

Upon their grassy beds lay couch’d in sleep,

The quickening spindle drew a trustier line.

“Emperors and Kings, how oft have Temples rung”

Emperors and Kings, how oft have Temples rung

With impious thanksgiving, the Almighty’s scorn!

  “For the account of these long-lived trees, see Pliny’s Natural History, Lib. 6. Cap. 44.” WW

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 71

How oft above their altars have been hung

Trophies that led the Good and Wise to mourn

Triumphant wrong, battle of battle born,

5

And sorrow that to fruitless sorrow clung!

Now, from Heaven-sanctioned Victory, Peace is sprung;

In this firm hour Salvation lifts her horn.

Glory to arms! but, conscious that the nerve

Of popular Reason, long mistrusted, freed

10

Your Thrones, from duty, Princes! fear to swerve;

Be just, be grateful; nor, the Oppressor’s creed

Reviving, heavier chastisement deserve

Than ever forced unpitied hearts to bleed.

Written, November 13,1814, on a blank leaf in a Copy of the Author’s

Poem The excursion, upon hearing of the death of the late

Vicar of Kendal

To public notice, with reluctance strong,

Did I deliver this unfinished Song;

Yet for one happy issue;—and I look

With self-congratulation on the Book

Which pious, learned murfitt saw and read;—

5

Upon my thoughts his saintly Spirit fed;

He conn’d the new-born Lay with grateful heart;

Foreboding not how soon he must depart,

Unweeting that to him the joy was given

Which good Men take with them from Earth to Heaven.

10

Artegal and Elidure—

Where be the Temples which in Britain’s Isle

To his paternal Gods the Trojan reared?

Gone like a morning dream or like a Pile

Of gorgeous clouds that in the west appeared!

Ere Julius landed on her white-cliff’d shore

5

They sank—deliver’d o’er

To fatal dissolution, and I ween

No vestige then was left that such had ever been.

A British Record that had lain concealed

Mid fairy-haunted woods and sainted springs,

10

72 The Poems of William Wordsworth

In old Armorica the course revealed,

The wondrous course of long-forgotten things,

How Brutus came by oracles impelled

And Albion’s Giants quelled,

A brood whom no civility could melt,

15

Who never tasted grace and goodness ne’er had felt.

By brave Corineus aided he subdued

And rooted out the intolerable kind;

And this too-long-polluted Land imbued

With gentle arts and usages refined;

20

Whence golden harvests, cities, warlike towers,

And pleasure’s peaceful bowers;

Whence all the fix’d delights of house and home,

Friendship that will not break and love that cannot roam.

O, happy Britain!—Region all too fair

25

For self-delighting fancy to endure

That Silence only should inhabit there,

Wild Beasts, or uncouth Savages impure!

But intermingled with the generous seed

Grew many [a] poisonous weed;

30

Thus fares it still with all that takes its birth

From human care, or grows upon the breast of earth.

Hence, and how soon! that uncouth warfare waged

By Guendolen against her faithless Lord,

Till She, in jealous fury unassuaged,

35

Had slain the Paramours with ruthless sword.

Then, into Severn hideously defiled

She cast their blameless Child,

Sabrina, vowing that the Stream should bear

That name through every age, her hatred to declare.

40

Thus speaks the Chronicle, and tells of Lear,

By his ungrateful Daughters turn’d adrift.

Hear him ye Elements.— They cannot hear,

Nor can the winds restore his simple gift.

But one there is, a Child of Nature meek

45

Who comes her sire to seek,

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 73

And he, recovering sense, upon her breast

Leans smilingly, and sinks into a perfect rest.

There, too, we read of Spenser’s faery themes,

And those that Milton loved in youthful years,

50

The sage enchanter Merlin’s subtle schemes,

The marvellous feats of Arthur and his peers,

That British Hero, who, to light restored

With that terrific sword

Which now he wields in subterraneous war,

55

Shall spread his country’s name in conquest wide and far.

What wonder then if [in] the ample field

Of that rich Volume one particular Flower,

Doth seemingly in vain its sweetness yield

And blooms unnoticed even till this late hour?

60

Yet Gentle Muses your assistance grant

While I this Flower transplant

Into that Garden of pure poesy

Which I have tended long in all humility.



A King more worthy of respect and love

65

Than wise Gorbonean ruled not in his day;

And Britain rose in happiness above

All neighboring Countries through his righteous sway;

He poured rewards and favours on the good,

The Oppressor he withstood,

70

And while he served the Gods with reverence due

Fields smiled, and Cities rose and Towns and Temples grew.

Him Artegal succeeds—but oft the Son

Degenerates from the Sire and so did he.

A hopeful reign auspiciously begun

75

Was darkened soon by vilest tyranny.

From bad to worse he sank until at length

The Nobles leagued their strength

With the vex’d people and the Tyrant chased

From out the realm whose throne his vices had disgraced.

80

From land to land, the royal Exile went

74 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Suppliant for aid his sceptre to regain;

To many a court, and many a Warrior’s tent

He urg’d his persevering suit in vain;

Him, in whose wretched heart ambition failed

85

Dire poverty assailed

And tired of slights which he no more could brook

Towards his native Land he cast a longing look.

The winds and waves have aided him to reach

That coast the object of his heart’s desire;

90

But as the crownless Sovereign trod the beach

His eye balls kindle with resentful ire

As if incensed with all that he beholds—

The woods, the naked wolds,

And with the remnant of that faithful band

95

That to his fortunes cleave and wait on his command.

“Forgive this passion!—” Artegal exclaimed

And as he spake they drew into a wood,

And from its shady boughs protection claimed,

For light they feared and busy neighbourhood.

100

How changed from him who, born to highest place,

Had swayed the royal mace

Flattered and feared, despiséd and defied,

In Troynovant, his seat by silver Thames’s side!

Oft by imaginary terrors scared

105

And sometimes into real danger brought

To Calaterium’s forest he repaired

And in its depth securer refuge sought.

Thence to a few whom he esteemed his Friends

A Messenger he sends,

110

And from their secret loyalty requires

Shelter and daily bread—the amount of his desires.

With his Attendants, there, at break of morn

Wandering by stealth abroad, he chanced to hear

A startling outcry made by hound and horn;

115

He would escape but sees the flying deer

And scouring toward him o’er the grassy plain,

Behold the hunter train;

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 75

And bids his Friends advance and meet the Chase

With seeming unconcern and with unaltered pace.

120

The royal Elidure who leads the chase

Hath checked his foaming Courser—“Can it be!

Methinks that I should recognize that face

Though much disguised by long adversity!”

He gazed rejoicing—and again he gazed

125

Confounded and amazed—

“It is the King my Brother”—and by sound

Of his own voice confirmed he leaps upon the ground.

Long, strait, and tender was the embrace he gave,

Feebly returned by trembling Artegal,

130

Whose natural affection doubts enslave

And apprehensions dark and criminal.

Loth to disturb the moving interview

The attendant Lords withdrew,

And while they stood upon the plain apart

135

Thus Elidure by words relieved his struggling heart.

“Gorbonian’s heir, dear Brother, gladly met;

Whence comest thou, to my knowledge lost so long?—

But neither lost to love nor to regret—

Nor to my wishes lost,—Forgive the wrong

140

(Such it may seem) if I thy crown have borne,

Thy regal mantle worn;

I was their natural guardian, and ’tis just

That now I should restore what hath been held in trust.”

“To me the wretched, helpless, destitute,

145

To me a Kingdom? Mock me not, I pray,”

Said Artegal; “thy love bears bitter fruit,

Ah let not Insult move me on my way!

Had justice rul’d in breasts of foreign kings

Then, then, upon the wings

150

Of war had I returned to claim my right;

This will I here avow not dreading thy despite.”

“I do not blame thee,” Elidure replied,

“But if my looks did with my words agree

76 The Poems of William Wordsworth

At once I should be trusted—not defied—

155

And thou from all unwelcome thoughts be free.

May spotless Dian, Goddess of the chase,

Who to this blessed place

At this blest moment led me, if I speak

With insincere intent, on me her vengeance wreak!

160

“If this same spear which in my hand I grasp

Were Britain’s Sceptre here would I [to] Thee

The symbol yield and would undo this clasp

If it confined the robe of sovereignty.

Joyless to me [the] pomp of regal court

165

And joyless sylvan sport

While thou art roving wretched and forlorn,

Thy couch the dewy earth, thy roof the forest thorn!”

Then Artegal thus spake—”I only sought

Within this realm a place of safe retreat;

170

Beware of rouzing an ambitious thought,

Beware of kindling hopes for me unmeet!

Thou bearst the name of wise; but in my mind

Art pitiably blind.

Full soon this generous impulse thou may’st rue

175

When that which has been done no wishes can undo.

“The greedy thirst of sovereignty, ’tis said,

Allows no kindred and regards no right;

But thou, I know not whence inspired, how led,

Wouldst change the course of things in all men’s sight!

180

And this for one that cannot imitate

Thy virtue—who may hate;

For if by such strange sacrifice restored

He reign, thou still must be his king and sovereign Lord.

“Lifted in magnanimity above

185

Aught that my feeble nature could perform

Or even conceive—surpassing me in Love

Far as in power the eagle doth the worm—

I only, brother, should be king in name

And govern to my shame;

190

A Shadow in an odious Land where all

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 77

Of prompt and willing service to thy share would fall.”

“Believe it not,” said Elidure; “respect

Awaits on virtuous life, and ever most

Attends on goodness with dominion decked

195

That stands the universal empire’s boast;

This can thy own experience testify,

Nor shall thy foes deny

That in the opening of thy gracious reign

Our Father’s Spirit seem’d, in thee, to rule again.

200

“And what if o’er this bright unbosoming

Clouds of disgrace and envious fortune past!

Have we not seen the glories of the Spring

By noontide darkness veiled and overcast?

The lake that glitter’d like a sun-bright shield,

205

The sky, the gay green field,

Are vanished—gladness ceases in the [groves]

And trepidation strikes the blackened mountain coves.

“Once more the Sun victorious glimmers forth

And the wide world is brighter than before!

210

Such power is granted to thy latent worth

To spread the light and joy from shore to shore;

For past misdeeds how [?grateful] to atone!

—Reseated on thy throne

Give proof that long adversity and pain

215

And sorrow have confirmed thy inborn right to reign!—

“Yet not to overlook what thou mayst know

Thy enemies are neither weak nor few;

And circumspect must be our course and slow

Or ruin from my purpose may ensue.

220

Dismiss thy followers—Let them calmly wait

Such change in thy estate,

As I already have in thought devised

And which with caution due may soon be realiz’d.”

The Story tells that Artegal straitway

225

Was by his Brother privily convey’d

To a far distant city, at that day

78 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Alclwyd named, whose fortress, undismayed

By the hostility of mortals, stood

In sight of land and flood,

230

Obnoxious only on its lofty rock

To the careering storms, and perilous lightning’s stroke.

When this impregnable retreat was gain’d,

In prudent furth’rance of his first intent

King Elidure a mortal sickness feign’d

235

And to his mightiest Lords a summons sent.

—Softly and one by one into such gloom

As suits a sick man’s room

The Attendants introduce each potent peer

That he his Sovereign’s will in singleness may hear.

240

Said Elidure, “Behold thy rightful king;

The banished Artegal before thee stands;

Kneel and renew to him the offering

Of thy allegiance: Justice this demands,

Immortal justice speaking through thy voice;

245

Receive him and rejoice!

His guilt is expiated; he will prove

Worthier than I have been of universal love.”

If firm command and mild persuasion failed

To change the temper of an adverse mind

250

With such by other engines he prevail’d,

Threatening to fling their bodies to the wind

From the dread summit of a [?lonely] rock,

Alclwyd, lofty rock,

Alclwyd then but now Dumbarton named,

255

A memorable crag through widest Albion famed.

Departing thence to York their way they bent

While the glad people flowers before them strewed

And there King Elidure with glad consent

Of all who saw, a mighty multitude,

260

Upon his Brother’s head replaced the crown,

Relinquished by his own,

Triumph of justice and affection pure

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 79

Whence he the title gained of pious Elidure.

A Brother thus a Brother did reclaim:

265

Through admiration of the heroic deed

The reelected Artegal became

“A true converted man,” from bondage freed

Of Vice,—from that day forward, on his Soul

Possessing no controul;

270

And when he died the worthy and the brave

Shed tears of fond regret upon his honored grave.

Inscription for a National Monument

in commemoration of the battle of waterloo

Intrepid sons of Albion!—not by you

Is life despised!—Ah no—the spacious earth

Ne’er saw a race who held, by right of birth,

So many objects to which love is due:

Ye slight not life—to God and Nature true;

5

But death, becoming death, is dearer far,

When duty bids you bleed in open war:

Hence hath your prowess quelled that impious crew.

Heroes, for instant sacrifice prepared,

Yet filled with ardour, and on triumph bent,

10

Mid direst shocks of mortal accident,

To you who fell, and you whom slaughter spared,

To guard the fallen, and consummate the event,

Your Country rears this sacred Monument!

Occasioned by the Same Battle.

february 1816

The Bard, whose soul is meek as dawning day,

Yet trained to judgments righteously severe;

Fervid, yet conversant with holy fear,

As recognizing one Almighty sway:

He whose experienced eye can pierce the array

5

Of past events,—to whom, in vision clear,

The aspiring heads of future things appear,

Like mountain-tops whence mists have rolled away:

80 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Assoiled from all incumbrance of our time,

He only, if such breathe, in strains devout

10

Shall comprehend this victory sublime;

And worthily rehearse the hideous rout,

Which the blest Angels, from their peaceful clime

Beholding, welcomed with a choral shout.

February 1816

O, for a kindling touch of that pure flame

Which taught the offering of song to rise

From thy lone bower, beneath Italian skies,

Great filicaia!— With celestial aim

It rose,—thy saintly rapture to proclaim,

5

Then, when the imperial city stood released

From bondage threatened by the embattled East,

And Christendom respired; from guilt and shame

Redeemed,—from miserable fear set free

By one day’s feat—one mighty victory.

10

—Chaunt the Deliverer’s praise in every tongue!

The cross shall spread,—the crescent hath waxed dim,—

He conquering—as in Earth and Heaven was sung—

he conquering through god, and god by him.

To R. B. Haydon, Esq.

High is our calling, Friend!—Creative Art

(Whether the instrument of words she use,

Or pencil pregnant with etherial hues,)

Demands the service of a mind and heart,

Though sensitive, yet, in their weakest part,

5

Heroically fashioned—to infuse

Faith in the whispers of the lonely Muse,

  “ ‘From  all  this  world’s  encumbrance  did  himself  assoil.’ Spenser.”  WW  quotes  from Edmund Spenser’s  Faerie Queen, VI, v.

2

“Ond’è ch’lo grido e griderò: giugnesti,

  Guerregiasti, è vincesti;

  Si, si, vincesti, O Campion forte e pio,

  Per Dio vinasti, e per te vinse Iddio. (86)

See Filicaia’s Canzone, addressed to John Sobieski, king of Poland, upon his raising the

siege of Vienna. This, and his other poems on the same occasion, are superior perhaps to

any lyrical pieces that contemporary events have ever given birth to, those of the Hebrew

Scriptures only excepted.” WW refers to Vincenzo da Filicaia (642-707).

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 81

While the whole world seems adverse to desert:

And, oh! when Nature sinks, as oft she may,

Through long-lived pressure of obscure distress,

10

Still to be strenuous for the bright reward,

And in the soul admit of no decay,—

Brook no continuance of weak-mindedness:—

Great is the glory, for the strife is hard!

November 1, 1815

How clear, how keen, how marvellously bright

The effluence from yon distant mountain’s head,

Which, strewn with snow as smooth as Heaven can shed,

Shines like another Sun—on mortal sight

Uprisen, as if to check approaching night,

5

And all her twinkling stars. Who now would tread,

If so he might, yon mountain’s glittering head—

Terrestrial—but a surface, by the flight

Of sad mortality’s earth-sullying wing,

Unswept, unstained? Nor shall the aerial Powers

10

Dissolve that beauty—destined to endure

White, radiant, spotless, exquisitely pure,

Through all vicissitudes—till genial spring

Have filled the laughing vales with welcome flowers.

September 1815

While not a leaf seems faded,—while the fields,

With ripening harvests prodigally fair,

In brightest sunshine bask,—this nipping air,

Sent from some distant clime where Winter wields

His icy scymetar, a foretaste yields

5

Of bitter change—and bids the Flowers beware;

And whispers to the silent Birds, “Prepare

Against the threatening Foe your trustiest shields.”

For me, who under kindlier laws belong

To Nature’s tuneful quire, this rustling dry

10

Through the green leaves, and yon crystalline sky,

Announce a season potent to renew,

Mid frost and snow, the instinctive joys of song,—

And nobler cares than listless summer knew.

82 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“I watch, and long have watch’d, with calm regret”

I watch, and long have watch’d, with calm regret

Yon slowly-sinking Star,—immortal Sire

(So might he seem) of all the glittering quire!

Blue ether still surrounds him—yet—and yet;

But now the horizon’s rocky parapet

5

Is reach’d; where, forfeiting his bright attire,

He burns—transmuted to a sullen fire,

That droops and dwindles; and, the appointed debt

To the flying moments paid, is seen no more.

Angels and Gods! we struggle with our fate,

10

While health, power, glory, pitiably decline,

Depress’d and then extinguish’d: and our state,

In this, how different, lost Star, from thine,

That no to-morrow shall our beams restore!

“Aerial Rock—whose solitary brow”

Aerial Rock—whose solitary brow

From this low threshold daily meets my sight;

When I look forth to hail the morning light,

Or quit the stars with lingering farewell—how

Shall I discharge to thee a grateful vow?—

5

By planting on thy head (in verse, at least,

As I have often done in thought) the crest

Of an imperial Castle, which the plough

Of ruin shall not touch. Innocent scheme!

That doth presume no more than to supply

A grace the sinuous vale and roaring stream

Want, through neglect of hoar Antiquity.

Rise, then, ye votive Towers, and catch a gleam

Of golden sun-set—ere it fade and die!

Ode

the morning of the day appointed for a general thanksgiving.

january 18, 1816

Hail, universal Source of pure delight!

  For the Advertisement to the volume in which this poem appeared see the notes at the end

of this volume.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 83

Thou that canst shed the bliss of gratitude

On hearts howe’er insensible or rude,

Whether thy orient visitations smite

The haughty towers where monarchs dwell;

5

Or thou, impartial Sun, with presence bright

Cheer’st the low threshold of the Peasant’s cell!

—Not unrejoiced I see thee climb the sky

In naked splendour, clear from mist or haze,

Or cloud approaching to divert the rays,

10

Which even in deepest winter testify

Thy power and majesty,

Dazzling the vision that presumes to gaze.

—Well does thine aspect usher in this Day;

As aptly suits therewith that timid pace,

15

Framed in subjection to the chains

That bind thee to the path which God ordains

That thou shalt trace,

Till, with the heavens and earth, thou pass away!

Nor less the stillness of these frosty plains,

20

Their utter stillness,—and the silent grace

Of yon etherial summits white with snow,

Whose tranquil pomp, and spotless purity,

Report of storms gone by

To us who tread below,

25

Do with the service of this Day accord.

—Divinest object, which the uplifted eye

Of mortal man is suffered to behold;

Thou, who upon yon snow-clad Heights hast poured

Meek splendour, nor forget’st the humble Vale,

30

Thou who dost warm Earth’s universal mould,—

And for thy bounty wert not unadored

By pious men of old;

Once more, heart-cheering Sun, I bid thee hail!

Bright be thy course to-day, let not this promise fail!

35

Mid the deep quiet of this morning hour,

All nature seems to hear me while I speak,—

By feelings urged, that do not vainly seek

Apt language, ready as the tuneful notes

That stream in blithe succession from the throats

40

84 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of birds in leafy bower,

Warbling a farewell to a vernal shower.

—There is a radiant but a short-lived flame,

That burns for Poets in the dawning East;—

And oft my soul hath kindled at the same,

45

When the captivity of sleep had ceased;

But he who fixed immovably the frame

Of the round world, and built, by laws as strong,

A solid refuge for distress,

The towers of righteousness;

50

He knows that from a holier altar came

The quickening spark of this day’s sacrifice;

Knows that the source is nobler whence doth rise

The current of this matin song;

That deeper far it lies

55

Than aught dependant on the fickle skies.

Have we not conquered?—By the vengeful sword?

Ah no, by dint of Magnanimity;

That curbed the baser passions, and left free

A loyal band to follow their liege Lord,

60

Clear-sighted Honour—and his staid Compeers,

Along a track of most unnatural years,

In execution of heroic deeds;

Whose memory, spotless as the crystal beads

Of morning dew upon the untrodden meads,

65

Shall live enrolled above the starry spheres.

— Who to the murmurs of an earthly string

Of Britain’s acts would sing,

He with enraptured voice will tell

Of One whose spirit no reverse could quell;

70

Of one that mid the failing never failed:

Who paints how Britain struggled and prevailed,

Shall represent her labouring with an eye

Of circumspect humanity;

Shall shew her clothed with strength and skill,

75

All martial duties to fulfil;

Firm as a rock in stationary fight;

In motion rapid as the lightning’s gleam;

Fierce as a flood-gate bursting in the night

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 85

To rouse the wicked from their giddy dream—

80

Woe, woe to all that face her in the field!

Appalled she may not be, and cannot yield.

And thus is missed the sole true glory

That can belong to human story!

At which they only shall arrive

85

Who through the abyss of weakness dive:

The very humblest are too proud of heart:

And one brief day is rightly set apart

To Him who lifteth up and layeth low;

For that Almighty God to whom we owe,

90

Say not that we have vanquished—but that we survive.

How dreadful the dominion of the impure!

Why should the song be tardy to proclaim

That less than power unbounded could not tame

That Soul of Evil—which, from Hell let loose,

95

Had filled the astonished world with such abuse,

As boundless patience only could endure?

— Wide-wasted regions—cities wrapped in flame—

Who sees, and feels, may lift a streaming eye

To Heaven,—who never saw may heave a sigh;

100

But the foundation of our nature shakes,

And with an infinite pain the spirit aches,

When desolated countries, towns on fire,

Are but the avowed attire

Of warfare waged with desperate mind

105

Against the life of virtue in mankind;

Assaulting without ruth

The citadels of truth;

While the old forest of civility

Is doomed to perish, to the last fair tree.

110

A crouching purpose—a distracted will—

Opposed to hopes that battened upon scorn,

And to desires whose ever-waxing horn

Not all the light of earthly power could fill;

Opposed to dark, deep plots of patient skill,

115

And the celerities of lawless force

Which, spurning God, had flung away remorse—

86 The Poems of William Wordsworth

What could they gain but shadows of redress?

—So bad proceeded propagating worse;

And discipline was passion’s dire excess.

120

Widens the fatal web—its lines extend,

And deadlier poisons in the chalice blend—

When will your trials teach you to be wise?

—O prostrate Lands, consult your agonies!

No more—the guilt is banished,

125

And with the Guilt the Shame is fled,

And with the Guilt and Shame the Woe hath vanished,

Shaking the dust and ashes from her head!

—No more, these lingerings of distress

Sully the limpid stream of thankfulness.

130

What robe can Gratitude employ

So seemly as the radiant vest of Joy?

What steps so suitable as those that move

In prompt obedience to spontaneous measures

Of glory—and felicity—and love,

135

Surrendering the whole heart to sacred pleasures?

Land of our fathers! precious unto me

Since the first joys of thinking infancy;

When of thy gallant chivalry I read,

And hugged the volume on my sleepless bed!

140

O England!—dearer far than life is dear,

If I forget thy prowess, never more

Be thy ungrateful son allowed to hear

Thy green leaves rustle, or thy torrents roar!

But how can He be faithless to the past,

145

Whose soul, intolerant of base decline,

Saw in thy virtue a celestial sign,

That bade him hope, and to his hope cleave fast!

The nations strove with puissance;—at length

Wide Europe heaved, impatient to be cast,

150

With all her living strength,

With all her armed powers,

Upon the offensive shores.

  “ ‘A discipline the rule whereof is passion.’—Lord Brook.” WW quotes a phrase from Fulke

Greville, st Baron Brooke (554– 628), poet and biographer of Sir Philip Sidney.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 87

The trumpet blew a universal blast!

But Thou art foremost in the field;—there stand:

155

Receive the triumph destined to thy Hand!

All States have glorified themselves;—their claims

Are weighed by Providence, in balance even;

And now, in preference to the mightiest names,

To Thee the exterminating sword is given.

160

Dread mark of approbation, justly gained!

Exalted office, worthily sustained!

Imagination, ne’er before content,

But aye ascending, restless in her pride,

From all that man’s performance could present,

165

Stoops to that closing deed magnificent,

And with the embrace is satisfied.

—Fly, ministers of Fame,

Whate’er your means, whatever help ye claim,

Bear through the world these tidings of delight!

170

—Hours, Days, and Months, have borne them in the sight

Of mortals, travelling faster than the shower,

That land-ward stretches from the sea,

The morning’s splendors to devour;

But this appearance scattered extacy,—

175

And heart-sick Europe blessed the healing power.

— The shock is given—The Adversaries bleed—

Lo, Justice triumphs! Earth is freed!

Such glad assurance suddenly went forth—

It pierced the caverns of the sluggish North—

180

It found no barrier on the ridge

Of Andes—frozen gulphs became its bridge—

The vast Pacific gladdens with the freight—

Upon the Lakes of Asia ’tis bestowed—

The Arabian desart shapes a willing road

185

Across her burning breast,

For this refreshing incense from the West!

—Where snakes and lions breed,

Where towns and cities thick as stars appear,

Wherever fruits are gathered, and where’er

190

The upturned soil receives the hopeful seed—

While the Sun rules, and cross the shades of night—

88 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The unwearied arrow hath pursued its flight!

The eyes of good men thankfully give heed,

And in its sparkling progress read

195

How Virtue triumphs, from her bondage freed!

Tyrants exult to hear of kingdoms won,

And slaves are pleased to learn that mighty feats are done;

Even the proud Realm, from whose distracted borders

This messenger of good was launched in air,

200

France, conquered France, amid her wild disorders,

Feels, and hereafter shall the truth declare,

That she too lacks not reason to rejoice,

And utter England’s name with sadly-plausive voice.

Preserve, O Lord! within our hearts

205

The memory of thy favour,

That else insensibly departs,

And loses its sweet savour!

Lodge it within us!—As the power of light

Lives inexhaustibly in precious gems,

210

Fixed on the front of Eastern diadems,

So shine our thankfulness for ever bright!

What offering, what transcendant monument

Shall our sincerity to Thee present?

—Not work of hands; but trophies that may reach

215

To highest Heaven—the labour of the soul;

That builds, as thy unerring precepts teach,

Upon the inward victories of each,

Her hope of lasting glory for the whole.

—Yet might it well become that City now,

220

Into whose breast the tides of grandeur flow,

To whom all persecuted men retreat;

If a new temple lift its votive brow

Upon the shore of silver Thames—to greet

The peaceful guest advancing from afar?

225

Bright be the distant fabric, as a star

Fresh risen—and beautiful within!—there meet

Dependance infinite, proportion just;

—A pile that grace approves, and time can trust.

But if the valiant of this land

230

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 89

In reverential modesty demand,

That all observance, due to them, be paid

Where their serene progenitors are laid;

Kings, warriors, high-souled poets, saint-like sages,

England’s illustrious sons of long, long ages;

235

Be it not unordained that solemn rites,

Within the circuit of those gothic walls,

Shall be performed at pregnant intervals;

Commemoration holy that unites

The living generations with the dead;

240

By the deep soul-moving sense

Of religious eloquence,—

By visual pomp, and by the tie

Of sweet and threatening harmony;

Soft notes, awful as the omen

245

Of destructive tempests coming,

And escaping from that sadness

Into elevated gladness;

While the white-rob’d choir attendant,

Under mouldering banners pendant,

250

Provoke all potent symphonies to raise

Songs of victory and praise,

For them who bravely stood unhurt—or bled

With medicable wounds, or found their graves

Upon the battle field—or under ocean’s waves;

255

Or were conducted home in single state,

And long procession—there to lie,

Where their sons’ sons, and all posterity,

Unheard by them, their deeds shall celebrate!

Nor will the God of peace and love

260

Such martial service disapprove.

He guides the Pestilence—the cloud

Of locusts travels on his breath;

The region that in hope was ploughed

His drought consumes, his mildew taints with death;

265

He springs the hushed Volcano’s mine,

He puts the Earthquake on her still design,

Darkens the sun, hath bade the forest sink,

And, drinking towns and cities, still can drink

90 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Cities and towns—’tis Thou—the work is Thine!

270

— The fierce Tornado sleeps within thy courts—

He hears the word—he flies—

And navies perish in their ports;

For Thou art angry with thine enemies!

For these, and for our errors,

275

And sins that point their terrors,

We bow our heads before Thee, and we laud

And magnify thy name, Almighty God!

But thy most dreaded instrument,

In working out a pure intent,

280

Is Man—arrayed for mutual slaughter,—

Yea, Carnage is thy daughter!

Thou cloth’st the wicked in their dazzling mail,

And by thy just permission they prevail;

Thine arm from peril guards the coasts

285

Of them who in thy laws delight:

Thy presence turns the scale of doubtful fight,

Tremendous God of battles, Lord of Hosts!

to thee—to thee—

On this appointed Day shall thanks ascend,

290

That Thou hast brought our warfare to an end,

And that we need no further victory!

Ha! what a ghastly sight for man to see;

And to the heavenly saints in peace who dwell,

For a brief moment, terrible;

295

But to thy sovereign penetration fair,

Before whom all things are, that were,

All judgments that have been, or e’er shall be,

Links in the chain of thy tranquillity!

Along the bosom of this favoured nation,

300

Breathe thou, this day, a vital undulation!

Let all who do this land inherit

Be conscious of Thy moving spirit!

Oh, ’tis a goodly Ordinance,—the sight,

Though sprung from bleeding war, is one of pure delight;

305

Bless thou the hour, or ere the hour arrive,

When a whole people shall kneel down in prayer,

And, at one moment, in one spirit, strive

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 91

With lip and heart to tell their gratitude

For thy protecting care,

310

Their solemn joy—praising the Eternal Lord

For tyranny subdued,

And for the sway of equity renewed,

For liberty confirmed, and peace restored!

But hark—the summons!—down the placid Lake

315

Floats the soft cadence of the Church-tower bells;

Bright shines the Sun, as if his beams might wake

The tender insects sleeping in their cells;

Bright shines the Sun—and not a breeze to shake

The drops that point the melting icicles:—

320

O, enter now his temple gate!

Inviting words—perchance already flung,

(As the crowd press devoutly down the aisle

Of some old minster’s venerable pile)

From voices into zealous passion stung,

325

While the tubed engine feels the inspiring blast,

And has begun—its clouds of sound to cast

Towards the empyreal Heaven,

As if the fretted roof were riven.

Us, humbler ceremonies now await;

330

But in the bosom with devout respect,

The banner of our joy we will erect,

And strength of love our souls shall elevate:

For to a few collected in his name,

Their heavenly Father will incline his ear,

335

Hallowing himself the service which they frame;—

Awake! the majesty of God revere!

Go—and with foreheads meekly bowed

Present your prayers—go—and rejoice aloud—

The Holy One will hear!

340

And what mid silence deep, with faith sincere,

Ye, in your low and undisturbed estate,

Shall simply feel and purely meditate

Of warnings—from the unprecedented might,

Which, in our time, the impious have disclosed;

345

And of more arduous duties thence imposed

Upon the future advocates of right;

92 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of mysteries revealed,

And judgments unrepealed,—

Of earthly revolution,

350

And final retribution,—

To his omniscience will appear

An offering not unworthy to find place,

On this high day of thanks, before the Throne of Grace!

Elegiac Verses

february 1816

“Rest, rest, perturbèd Earth!

O rest, thou doleful Mother of Mankind!”

A Spirit sang in tones more plaintive than the wind;

“From regions where no evil thing has birth

I come—thy stains to wash away,

5

Thy cherished fetters to unbind,

To open thy sad eyes upon a milder day!

— The Heavens are thronged with martyrs that have risen

From out thy noisome prison;

The penal caverns groan

10

With tens of thousands rent from off the tree

Of hopeful life,—by Battle’s whirlwind blown

Into the desarts of Eternity.

Unpitied havoc! Victims unlamented!

But not on high, where madness is resented,

15

And murder causes some sad tears to flow,

Though, from the widely-sweeping blow,

The choirs of Angels spread, triumphantly augmented.

“False Parent of Mankind!

Obdurate, proud, and blind,

20

I sprinkle thee with soft celestial dews,

Thy lost maternal heart to reinfuse!

Scattering this far-fetched moisture from my wings,

Upon the act a blessing I implore,

Of which the rivers in their secret springs,

25

The rivers stained so oft with human gore,

Are conscious;—may the like return no more!

May Discord—for a Seraph’s care

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 93

Shall be attended with a bolder prayer—

May she, who once disturbed the seats of bliss,

30

These mortal spheres above,

Be chained for ever to the black abyss!

And thou, O rescued Earth, by peace and love,

And merciful desires, thy sanctity approve!”

The Spirit ended his mysterious rite,

35

And the pure vision closed in darkness infinite.

Ode,

composed in january 1816



————Carmina possumus





Donare, et pretium dicere muneri.





Non incisa notis marmora publicis,





Per quæ spiritus et vita redit bonis





Post mortem ducibus—————





——————clarius indicant





Laudes, quam————Pierides; neque,





Si charæ sileant quod bene feceris,





Mercedem tuleris.——Hor. Car. 8. Lib. 4.

When the soft hand of sleep had closed the latch

On the tired household of corporeal sense,

And Fancy in her airy bower kept watch,

Free to exert some kindly influence;

I saw—but little boots it that my verse

5

A shadowy visitation should rehearse,

For to our Shores such glory hath been brought,

That dreams no brighter are than waking thought—

I saw, in wondrous perspective displayed,

A landscape richer than the happiest skill

10

Of pencil ever clothed with light and shade;

An intermingled pomp of vale and hill,

Tower, town, and city—and suburban grove,

  The epigraph is from Horace’s ode to Censorinus, which opens with the poet saying that

if he could, he would give his friends works of art, and Censorinus does not care for such

things: he takes pleasure in poems. Horace continues, in the passage WW quotes, “We

can give verses, and declare the worth of the gift. Marbles inscribed with public notices,

through which spirit and life return after death to good leaders, do not set forth praises

more clearly than the Muses; nor will you receive a reward if writings are silent about your

achievements.”

94 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And stately forest where the wild deer rove;

And, in a clouded quarter of the sky,

15

Through such a portal as with chearful eye

The traveller greets in time of threatened storm,

Issued, to sudden view, a radiant Form!

Earthward it glided with a swift descent:

Saint George himself this Visitant may be;

20

And ere a thought could ask on what intent

He sought the regions of humanity,

A thrilling voice was heard, that vivified

My patriotic heart;—aloud it cried,

“I, the Guardian of this Land,

25

Speak not now of toilsome duty—

Well obeyed was that command,

Days are come of festive beauty;

Haste, Virgins, haste!—the flowers which summer gave

Have perished in the field;

30

But the green thickets plenteously will yield

Fit garlands for the Brave,

That will be welcome, if by you entwined!

Haste, Virgins, haste;—and you, ye Matrons grave,

Go forth with rival youthfulness of mind,

35

And gather what ye find

Of hardy laurel and wild holly boughs,

To deck your stern defenders’ modest brows!

Such simple gifts prepare,

Though they have gained a worthier meed;

40

And in due time shall share

Those palms and amaranthine wreaths,

Unto their martyred Countrymen decreed,

In realms where everlasting freshness breathes!”

And lo! with crimson banners proudly streaming,

45

And upright weapons innocently gleaming,

Along the surface of a spacious plain,

Advance in order the redoubted bands,

And there receive green chaplets from the hands

Of a fair female train,

50

Maids and Matrons—dight

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 95

In robes of purest white,—

While from the crowd burst forth a rapturous noise

By the cloud-capt hills retorted,—

And a throng of rosy boys

55

In loose fashion told their joys,—

And grey-haired Sires, on staffs supported,

Looked round—and by their smiling seemed to say,

Thus strives a grateful Country to display

The mighty debt which nothing can repay!

60

Anon, I saw, beneath a dome of state,

The feast dealt forth with bounty unconfined;

And while the vaulted roof did emulate

The starry heavens through splendour of the show,

It rang with music,—and methought the wind

65

Scattered the tuneful largess far and near,

That they who asked not might partake the cheer,

Who listened not could hear,

Where’er the wild winds were allowed to blow!

—That work reposing, on the verge

70

Of busiest exultation hung a dirge,

Breathed from a soft and lonely instrument,

That kindled recollections

Of agonized affections;

And, though some tears the strain attended,

75

The mournful passion ended

In peace of spirit, and sublime content!

—But garlands wither,—festal shows depart,

Like dreams themselves, and sweetest sound,

Albeit of effect profound,

80

It was—and it is gone!

Victorious England! bid the silent art

Reflect, in glowing hues that shall not fade,

These high achievements,—even as she arrayed

With second life the deed of Marathon

85

Upon Athenian walls:

So may she labour for thy civic halls;

And be the guardian spaces

Of consecrated places,

96 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Graced with such gifts as Sculpture can bestow,

90

When inspiration guides her patient toil;

And let imperishable trophies grow

Fixed in the depths of this courageous soil;

Expressive records of a glorious strife,

And competent to shed a spark divine

95

Into the torpid breast of daily life;

Trophies on which the morning sun may shine,

As changeful ages flow,

With gratulation thoroughly benign!

And ye, Pierian sisters, sprung from Jove

100

And sage Mnemosyne,—full long debarred

From your first mansions,—exiled all too long

From many a consecrated stream and grove,

Dear native regions where ye wont to rove,

Chaunting for patriot heroes the reward

105

Of never-dying song!

Now, (for, though truth descending from above

The Olympian summit hath destroyed for aye

Your kindred deities, ye live and move,

And exercise unblamed a generous sway,)

110

Now, on the margin of some spotless fountain,

Or top serene of unmolested mountain,

Strike audibly the noblest of your lyres,

And for a moment meet my soul’s desires!

That I, or some more favoured Bard, may hear

115

What ye, celestial maids! have often sung

Of Britain’s acts,—may catch it with rapt ear,

And give the treasure to our British tongue!

So shall the characters of that proud page

Support their mighty theme from age to age;

120

And, in the desart places of the earth,

When they to future empires have given birth,

So shall the people gather and believe

The bold report, transferred to every clime;

And the whole world, not envious but admiring,

125

And to the like aspiring,

Own that the progeny of this fair Isle

Had power as lofty actions to achieve

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 97

As were performed in Man’s heroic prime;

Nor wanted, when their fortitude had held

130

Its even tenour and the foe was quelled,

A corresponding virtue to beguile

The hostile purpose of wide-wasting Time;

That not in vain they laboured to secure

For their great deeds perpetual memory,

135

And Fame as largely spread as Land and Sea,

By works of spirit high and passion pure!

Composed in Recollection of the Expedition of the

French into Russia

february 1816

Humanity, delighting to behold

A fond reflexion of her own decay,

Hath painted Winter like a shrunken, old,

And close-wrapt Traveller—through the weary day—

Propped on a staff, and limping o’er the Plain,

5

As though his weakness were disturbed by pain;

Or, if a juster fancy should allow

An undisputed symbol of command,

The chosen sceptre is a withered bough,

Infirmly grasped within a palsied hand.

10

These emblems suit the helpless and forlorn;

But mighty Winter the device shall scorn.

For he it was—dread Winter!—who beset,

Flinging round van and rear his ghastly net,

That host,—when from the regions of the Pole

15

They shrunk, insane ambition’s barren goal,

That host,—as huge and strong as e’er defied

Their God, and placed their trust in human pride!

As Fathers persecute rebellious sons,

He smote the blossoms of their warrior youth;

20

He called on Frost’s inexorable tooth

Life to consume in manhood’s firmest hold;

Nor spared the reverend blood that feebly runs,—

For why, unless for liberty enrolled

And sacred home, ah! why should hoary age be bold?

25

98 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Fleet the Tartar’s reinless steed,—

But fleeter far the pinions of the Wind,

Which from Siberian caves the monarch freed,

And sent him forth, with squadrons of his kind,

And bade the Snow their ample backs bestride,

30

And to the battle ride;—

No pitying voice commands a halt—

No courage can repel the dire assault,—

Distracted, spiritless, benumbed and blind,

Whole legions sink—and, in one instant, find

35

Burial and death: look for them—and descry,

When morn returns, beneath the clear blue sky,

A soundless waste, a trackless vacancy!

Sonnet,

on the same occasion.

february 1816

Ye Storms, resound the praises of your King!

And ye mild Seasons—in a sunny clime,

Midway on some high hill, while Father Time

Looks on delighted—meet in festal ring,

And loud and long of Winter’s triumph sing!

5

Sing ye, with blossoms crowned, and fruits, and flowers,

Of Winter’s breath surcharged with sleety showers,

And the dire flapping of his hoary wing!

Knit the blithe dance upon the soft green grass;

With feet, hands, eyes, looks, lips, report your gain;

10

Whisper it to the billows of the main,

And to the aerial zephyrs as they pass,

That old decrepit Winter— He hath slain

That Host, which rendered all your bounties vain!

Ode

Who rises on the banks of Seine,

And binds her temples with the civic wreath?

What joy to read the promise of her mien!

How sweet to rest her wide-spread wings beneath!

But they are ever playing,

5

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 99

And twinkling in the light,—

And if a breeze be straying,

That breeze she will invite;

And stands on tiptoe, conscious she is fair,

And calls a look of love into her face—

10

And spreads her arms—as if the general air

Alone could satisfy her wide embrace.

—Melt, Principalities, before her melt!

Her love ye hailed—her wrath have felt!

But She through many a change of form hath gone,

15

And stands amidst you now, an armed Creature,

Whose panoply is not a thing put on,

But the live scales of a portentous nature;

That, having wrought its way from birth to birth,

Stalks round—abhorred by Heaven, a terror to the Earth!

20

I marked the breathings of her dragon crest;

My soul in many a midnight vision bowed

Before the meanings which her spear expressed;

Whether the mighty Beam, in scorn upheld,

Threatened her foes,—or, pompously at rest,

25

Seemed to bisect the orbit of her shield,

Like to a long blue bar of solid cloud

At evening stretched across the fiery West.

So did she daunt the Earth, and God defy!

And, wheresoe’er she spread her sovereignty,

30

Pollution tainted all that was most pure.

—Have we not known—and live we not to tell

That Justice seemed to hear her final knell?

Faith buried deeper in her own deep breast

Her stores—and sighed to find them insecure!

35

And Hope was maddened by the drops that fell

From shades—her chosen place of short-lived rest,

Which, when they first received her, she had blest:

Shame followed shame—and woe supplanted woe—

In this the only change that time can show?

40

How long shall vengeance sleep? Ye patient Heavens, how long?

—Infirm ejaculation—from the tongue

Of Nations wanting virtue to be strong

100 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Up to the measure of accorded might,—

And daring not to feel the majesty of right!

45

Weak spirits are there—who would ask,

Upon the pressure of a painful thing,

The Lion’s sinews, or the Eagle’s wing;

Or let their wishes loose, in forest glade,

Among the lurking powers

50

Of herbs and lowly flowers,

Or seek, from Saints above, miraculous aid;

That Man may be accomplished for a task

Which his own Nature hath enjoined—and why?

If, when that interference hath relieved him,

55

He must sink down to languish

In worse than former helplessness—and lie

Till the caves roar,—and, imbecility

Again engendering anguish,

The same weak wish returns—that had before deceived him.

60

But Thou, Supreme Disposer! might’st not speed

The course of things, and change the creed,

Which hath been held aloft before Men’s sight

Since the first framing of societies;

Whether, as Bards have told in ancient song,

65

Built up by soft seducing harmonies,—

Or pressed together by the appetite,

And by the power of wrong!

A Fact, and an Imagination;

Or, Canute and Alfred

The Danish Conqueror, on his royal chair

Mustering a face of haughtiest sovereignty,

To aid a covert purpose, cried—“O ye

Approaching waters of the deep, that share

With this green isle my fortunes, come not where

5

Your Master’s throne is set!”—Absurd decree!

A mandate, uttered to the foaming sea,

Is to its motions less than wanton air.

—Then Canute, rising from the invaded Throne,

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 101

Said to his servile courtiers, “Poor the reach,

10

The undisguised extent, of mortal sway!

He only is a king, and he alone

Deserves the name, (this truth the billows preach)

Whose everlasting laws, sea, earth, and heaven obey.”

This just reproof the prosperous Dane

15

Drew, from the impulse of the Main,

For some whose rugged northern mouths would strain

At oriental flattery;

And Canute (truth more worthy to be known)

From that time forth did for his brows disown

20

The ostentatious symbol of a Crown;

Esteeming earthly royalty

Contemptible and vain.

Now hear what one of elder days,

Rich theme of England’s fondest praise,

25

Her darling Alfred, might have spoken;

To cheer the remnant of his host

When he was driven from coast to coast,

Distress’d and harass’d, but with mind unbroken;

“My faithful Followers, lo! the tide is spent;

30

That rose, and steadily advanced to fill

The shores and channels, working Nature’s will

Among the mazy streams that backward went, ,

And in the sluggish pools where ships are pent.

And now, its task perform’d, the Flood stands still

35

At the green base of many an inland hill,

In placid beauty and sublime content!

Such the repose that Sage and Hero find;

Such measured rest the sedulous and good

Of humbler name; whose souls do, like the flood

40

Of Ocean, press right on; or gently wind,

Neither to be diverted nor withstood,

Until they reach the bounds by Heaven assigned.”

On the Disinterment of the Remains of the Duke D’enghien

Dear Reliques! from a pit of vilest mold

Uprisen—to lodge among ancestral kings;

102 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And to inflict shame’s salutary stings

On the remorseless hearts of men grown old

In a blind worship; men perversely bold

5

Even to this hour; yet at this hour they quake;

And some their monstrous Idol shall forsake,

If to the living truth was ever told

By aught surrendered from the hollow grave:

O murdered Prince! meek, loyal, pious, brave!

10

The power of retribution once was given;

But ’tis a rueful thought that willow bands

So often tie the thunder-wielding hands

Of Justice, sent to earth from highest Heaven!

Dion

Fair is the Swan, whose majesty—prevailing

O’er breezeless water on Loccarno’s Lake—

Bears him on while, proudly sailing,

He leaves behind a moon-illumin’d wake:

Behold, the mantling Spirit of reserve

5

Fashions his neck into a goodly curve,

An arch thrown back between luxuriant wings

Of whitest garniture, like firtree boughs

To which on some unruffled morning clings

A flaky weight of winter’s purest snows!

10

—Behold—as with a gushing impulse heaves

That downy prow, and softly cleaves

The mirror of the crystal flood,

Vanish the dusky Hill and shadowy wood

And pendent rocks where’er in gliding state

15

Winds the mute creature without visible Mate

Or Rival, save the Queen of night

Showering down a silver light

From heaven, upon her chosen Favorite.

2

So pure—so bright—so fitted to embrace,

20

Where’er he turned, a natural grace

Of haughtiness without pretence,

And to unfold a still magnificence

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 103

Was princely Dion, in the power

And beauty of his happier hour.

25

Nor less the homage that was seen to wait

On Dion’s virtue when the lunar beam

Of Plato’s genius from its lofty sphere

Fell round him in the grove of Academe,

Softening his inbred dignity austere.

30

3

If on thy faith the World delight to gaze,

Pride of the World—beware! for thou mayst live,

Like Dion, to behold the torch of Praise

Inverted in thy presence, and to give

Proof, for the historian’s page and poet’s lays,

35

That Peace, even Peace herself, is fugitive.

4

Five thousand Warriors (O the joyful day!)

Each crown’d with flowers and arm’d with spear and Shield

Or ruder weapon such as chance might yield,

To Syracuse advanc’d in bright array.

40

Who leads them on?— The anxious People see

Long-exil’d Dion marching at their head,

He also crown’d with flowers of Sicily

And in a white far-beaming corselet clad.

Pure transport undisturb’d by doubt or fear

45

The Gazers feel, and, rushing to the Plain,

Salute those Strangers as a holy train

Or blest Procession (to the Immortals dear)

That brought their precious liberty again.

Lo! when the gates are entered, on each hand

50

Down the long street rich Goblets fill’d with wine

In seemly order stand

On tables set as if for rites divine—

And wheresoe’er the great Deliverer pass’d

Fruits were strewn before his eye

55

And flowers upon his person cast

In boundless prodigality;

Nor did the general Voice abstain from prayer,

Invoking Dion’s tutelary care

104 The Poems of William Wordsworth

As if a very Deity he were.

60

5

Mourn, olive bowers of Attica—and Thou,

Partake the sadness of the groves,

Famed Hill Hymettus, round whose fragrant brow,

Industrious Bees each seeking what she loves

Or fraught with treasure which she best approves

65

Their murmurs blend,—in choral elevation,

Not wholly lost upon the abstracted ear

Of unambitious men who wander near

Immersed in lonely contemplation,—

Mourn, sunny Hill, and shady Grove!—and mourn,

70

Ilyssus, bending o’er thy classic urn!

For He, who to divinity aspired

Not on the wings of popular applause

But through dependance on the Sacred laws

Framed in the Schools where Wisdom dwelt retired,

75

Hath stained the robes of civil power with blood,

Unjustly shed though for the public good—

Droops the Slave of fear and Sorrow,

Depress’d today and unrelieved tomorrow,

And oft his cogitations sank as low

80

As through the abysses of a joyless heart

The heaviest Plummet of despair can go—

But whence that sudden check—that fearful start?

He hears an uncouth Sound—

Anon his lifted eyes

85

Saw, at a long-drawn gallery’s dusky bound,

A Shape of more than mortal size

And hideous aspect, stalking round and round!

A Woman’s garb the Phantom wore

And fiercely swept the marble floor—

90

Like winged Auster stooping low

His force on Caspian foam to try,

Or Boreas when he scow’rs the snow

That skins the plains of Thessaly,

Or when aloft on Mænalus he stops

95

His flight, mid eddying pine-tree tops.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 105

6

So, but from toil less sign of profit reaping,

The sullen Spectre to her purpose bowed,

Sweeping—vehemently sweeping—

Long gazed the Chieftain—ere he spake—aloud—

100

With even voice, and stern composure wrought

Into his brow by self-supporting thought:

“Avaunt, inexplicable Guest—avaunt,

Intrusive Phantom!—let me rather see

What they behold whom vengeful Furies haunt

105

Who, while they struggle from the Scourge to flee,

Move where the wretched Soil is not unworn

And in their anguish bear what other minds have borne!”—

7

But Shapes that come not at an earthly call

Will not depart when mortal Voices bid—

110

Lords of the visionary Eye whose lid

Once raised, remains aghast, and will not fall—

“Ye Gods, that servile Implement

Obeys a mystical intent!

Your Minister would brush away

115

The spots that to my Soul adhere;

But should She labour, night and day,

They will not, cannot disappear—

Whence angry perturbations,—and a look

Which no Philosophy can brook.”—

120

8

Away—for hark! a rushing sound

A Conflict—and a groan profound!

O matchless perfidy!—portentous lust

Of monstrous crime—that horror—striking blade,

Drawn in defiance of the Gods, hath laid

125

The noble Syracusan low in dust!

— Thus were the hopeless troubles that involved

The soul of Dion instantly dissolved.—

Released from life and cares of princely state,

106 The Poems of William Wordsworth

He left this moral grafted on his Fate:

130

“Him only pleasure leads and peace attends,

Him, only him, the Shield of Jove defends

Whose Means are fair and spotless as his ends.”

To ———,

on her first ascent to the

summit of helvellyn

Inmate of a mountain Dwelling,

Thou hast clomb aloft, and gaz’d,

From the watch-towers of Helvellyn;

Awed, delighted, and amazed!

Potent was the spell that bound thee

5

In the moment of dismay,

While blue Ether’s arms, flung round thee,

Still’d the pantings of dismay.

Lo! the dwindled woods and meadows!

What a vast abyss is there!

10

Lo! the clouds, the solemn shadows,

And the glistenings—heavenly fair!

And a record of commotion

Which a thousand ridges yield;

Ridge, and gulph, and distant ocean

15

Gleaming like a silver shield!

—Take thy flight;—possess, inherit

Alps or Andes—they are thine!

With the morning’s roseate spirit,

Sweep their length of snowy line;

20

Or survey the bright dominions

In the gorgeous colours drest,

Flung from off the purple pinions,

Evening spreads throughout the west!

Thine are all the choral fountains

25

Warbling in each sparry vault

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 107

Of the untrodden lunar mountains;

Listen to their songs!—or halt,

To Niphate’s top invited,

Whither spiteful Satan steer’d;

30

Or descend where the ark alighted

When the green earth re-appeared;

For the power of hills is on thee,

As was witnessed through thine eye

Then, when old Helvellyn won thee

35

To confess their majesty!

“A little onward lend thy guiding hand”

“A little onward lend thy guiding hand

To these dark steps, a little further on!”

— What trick of memory to my voice hath brought,

This mournful iteration? For though Time,

The Conqueror, crowns the Conquer’d, on this brow

5

Planting his favourite silver diadem,

Nor he, nor minister of his intent

To run before him, hath enrolled me yet,

Though not unmenaced, among those who lean

Upon a living staff, with borrowed sight.

10

—O my Antigone, beloved child!

Should that day come—but hark! the birds salute

The cheerful dawn brightening for me the east;

For me, thy natural Leader, once again

Impatient to conduct thee, not as erst

15

A tottering Infant, with compliant stoop

From flower to flower supported; but to curb

Thy nymph-like step swift-bounding o’er the lawn,

Along the loose rocks, or the slippery verge

Of foaming torrents.—From thy orisons

20

Come forth; and, while the morning air is yet

Transparent as the soul of innocent youth,

Let me, thy happy Guide, now point thy way,

And now precede thee, winding to and fro,

Till we by perseverance gain the top

25

Of some smooth ridge, whose brink precipitous

108 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Kindles intense desire for powers withheld

From this corporeal frame; whereon who stands,

Is seized with strong incitement to push forth

His arms, as swimmers use, and plunge—dread thought!

30

For pastime plunge—into the “abrupt abyss,”

Where Ravens spread their plumy vans, at ease!

And yet more gladly thee would I conduct

Through woods and spacious forests,—to behold

There, how the Original of human art,

35

Heaven-prompted Nature, measures and erects

Her temples, fearless for the stately work,

Though waves in every breeze its high-arched roof,

And storms the pillars rock. But we such schools

Of reverential awe will chiefly seek

40

In the still summer noon, while beams of light;

Reposing here, and in the aisles beyond

Traceably gliding through the dusk, recall

To mind the living presences of nuns;

A gentle, pensive, white-robed sisterhood,

45

Whose saintly radiance mitigates the gloom

Of those terrestrial fabrics, where they serve,

To Christ, the Sun of Righteousness, espoused.

Re-open now thy everlasting gates,

Thou Fane of holy writ! Ye classic Domes,

50

To these glad orbs from darksome bondage freed,

Unfold again your portals! Passage lies

Through you to heights more glorious still, and shades

More awful, where this Darling of my care,

Advancing with me hand in hand, may learn

55

Without forsaking a too earnest world,

To calm the affections, elevate the soul,

And consecrate her life to truth and love.

“I heard (alas, ’twas only in a dream)”

I heard (alas, ’twas only in a dream)

Strains—which, as sage Antiquity believed,

By waking ears have sometimes been received,

Wafted adown the wind from lake or stream;

A most melodious requiem,—a supreme

5

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 109

And perfect harmony of notes, achieved

By a fair Swan on drowsy billows heaved,

O’er which her pinions shed a silver gleam:—

For is she not the votary of Apollo?

And knows she not, singing as he inspires,

10

That bliss awaits her which the ungenial hollow

Of the dull earth partakes not, nor desires?

Mount, tuneful Bird, and join the immortal quires!

She soared—and I awoke,—struggling in vain to follow.

[ Lament of Mary Queen of Scots, on the Eve of a New Year]

“Smile of the Moon—for so I name

That silent greeting from above,

A gentle flash of light that came

From her whom drooping Captives love;

Or art thou of still higher birth,

5

Thou that did’st part the clouds of earth

My torpor to reprove!

“Bright boon of pitying Heaven—alas,

I may not trust thy placid cheer,

Pondering that Time to-night will pass

10

The threshold of another Year;

For years to me are sad and dull;

My very moments are too full

Of hopelessness and fear.

“And yet the soul-awakening gleam

15

That struck perchance the farthest cone

Of Scotland’s rocky wilds did seem

To visit me, and me alone;

Me unapproached by any Friend

But those who to my sorrows lend

20

Tears due unto their own.

“Meek effluence—that while I trod

With downcast eye, in narrow space

  “See the Phedo of Plato, by which this Sonnet was suggested.” WW refers to to a passage

in Plato’s  Phaedo in which Socrates relates the legend of the swans, who are sacred to Apollo and through him have the gift of prophecy at their death, their “swan song.”

2  Untitled in this early version, but so titled in print in 820.

110 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Did’st vivify the wintry sod

As if an Angel filled the place

25

With softened light—thou wert a touch

Even to my heart of hearts—and such

Is every gift of grace.

“Yet wherefore did it leave the sky,

And wherefore did it seem to speak

30

Of something bordering all too nigh

On what full oft I dare to seek?

A happier order for my doom,

A favoured æra when the gloom

At length will cleave and break.

35

“To-night the church-tower bells shall ring

Through these wide realms a festive peal;

To the new year a welcoming,

A tuneful offering for the weal

Of happy millions lulled in sleep,

40

While I am forced lone watch to keep

By wounds that may not heal.

“Born all too high—by wedlock raised

Still higher—to be cast thus low!

Would that mine eyes had never gazed

45

On aught of more ambitious show

Than the sweet flowerets of the fields!

—It is my royal State that yields

The bitterness of woe.

“A woman rules my prison’s key;

50

A Sister Queen against the bent

Of law and holiest sympathy

Detains me doubtful of the event;

Great God who feel’st for my distress,

My thoughts are all that I possess;

55

O keep them innocent!

“Farewell for ever human aid

Which abject Mortals blindly court!

By friends deceived, by foes betrayed,

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 111

Of fears the prey, of hopes the sport,

60

Nought but the world-redeeming Cross

Is able to supply my loss,

My burthen to support.

“Hark! the death-note of the year,

Sounded by the Castle clock!”

65

From her sunk eyes a stagnant Tear

Stole forth, unsettled by the shock;

But oft the woods renewed their green

Ere the tired head of Scotland’s Queen

Reposed upon the block.

70

Captivity

“As the cold aspect of a sunless way

Strikes through the Traveller’s frame with deadlier chill,

Oft as appears a grove, or obvious hill,

Glistening with unparticipated ray,

Or shining slope where he must never stray;

5

So joys, remembered without wish or will,

Sharpen the keenest edge of present ill,—

On the crush’d heart a heavier burthen lay.

Just Heaven, contract the compass of my mind

To fit proportion with my altered state!

10

Quench those felicities whose light I find

Burning within my bosom all too late!—

O be my spirit, like my thraldom, strait;

And like mine eyes, that stream with sorrow, blind!”

Sequel to the Foregoing [ Beggars]

composed many years after

Where are they now, those wanton Boys?

For whose free range the daedal earth

Was filled with animated toys.

And implements of frolic mirth;

With tools for ready wit to guide;

5

And ornaments of seemlier pride,

  WW’s  Beggars, first published in 1807 in Poems, in Two Volumes, preceded  Sequel in Poetical Works, 827. For the text of  Beggars, see vol.  of this edition.

112 The Poems of William Wordsworth

More fresh, more bright, than Princes wear;

For what one moment flung aside,

Another could repair;

What good or evil have they seen

10

Since I their pastime witnessed here,

Their daring wiles, their sportive cheer?

I ask—but all is dark between!

Spirits of beauty and of grace!

Associates in that eager chase;

15

Ye, by a course to nature true,

The sterner judgment can subdue;

And waken a relenting smile

When she encounters fraud or guile;

And sometimes ye can charm away

20

The inward mischief, or allay,

Ye, who within the blameless mind

Your favourite seat of empire find!

They met me in a genial hour,

When universal nature breathed

25

As with the breath of one sweet flower,—

A time to overrule the power

Of discontent, and check the birth

Of thoughts with better thoughts at strife,

The most familiar bane of life

30

Since parting Innocence bequeathed

Mortality to Earth!

Soft clouds, the whitest of the year,

Sailed through the sky—the brooks ran clear;

The lambs from rock to rock were bounding;

35

With songs the budded groves resounding;

And to my heart is still endeared

The faith with which it then was cheered;

The faith which saw that gladsome pair

Walk through the fire with unsinged hair.

40

Or, if such thoughts must needs deceive,

Kind Spirits! may we not believe

That they, so happy and so fair,

Through your sweet influence, and the care

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 113

Of pitying Heaven, at least were free

45

From touch of deadly injury?

Destined, whate’er their earthly doom,

For mercy and immortal bloom!

[ Ode.—1817]

Forsake me not, Urania, but when Ev’n

Fades into night, resume the enraptur’d song

That shadowed forth the immensity of Heavn

In music—uttered surely without wrong

(For ’twas thy work,) though here the Listener lay

5

Couch’d on green herbage mid the warmth of May

—A parting promise makes a bright farewell:

Empow’rd to wait for thy return,

Voice of the Heavn’s, I will not mourn;

Content that holy peace and mute remembrance dwell

10

Within the bosom of the chorded shell

Tuned mid those seats of love and joy concealed

By day;

By Night imperfectly revealed;

Thy native mansions that endure—

15

Beyond their purest seeming—pure

From taint of dissolution or decay.

—No blights, no wintry desolations

Affect those blissful habitations

Built such as hope might gather from the hue

20

Profound of the celestial blue

And from the aspect of each radiant orb

Some fix’d, some wandering with no timid curb

Yet both permitted to proclaim

Their Maker’s Glory with unaltered frame.

25

2

And what if his presiding breath

Impart a sympathetic motion

Unto the gates of life and death

Throughout the bounds of earth and ocean;

  In 820 WW titled the poem thus in  The River Duddon, a Series of Sonnets;  Vaudracour and Julia: and Other Poems; the poem is untitled in this early manuscript version. After considerable revision it became  Vernal Ode in 827...

114 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Though all that feeds on nether air

30

Howe’er magnificent or fair,

Grows but to perish and entrust

Its ruins to their kindred dust,

Yet by her ever-during care,

Her procreant cradle Nature keeps

35

Amid the unfathomable deeps

And saves the changeful fields of earth

From fear of emptiness or dearth.

Thus, in their stations, lifting towards the sky

The foliag’d head in cloud-like majesty,

40

The shadow-casting race of trees survive;

Thus in the train of Spring arrive

Sweet Flowers;—what living eye hath viewed

Their numbers—endlessly renewed,

Wherever strikes the Sun’s glad ray,

45

Where’er the joyous waters stray;

Wherever sportive Zephyrs bend

Their course, or genial showers descend.

3

O nurs’d at happy distance from the cares

Of a too anxious World, mild, pastoral Muse

50

That to the sparkling crown Urania wears

And to her Sister Clio’s laurel wreath

Preferr’st a garland cull’d from purple heath

Or blooming thicket moist with morning dews;

Oft side by side with some lov’d Votary

55

Wrapp’d like Thyself in pleasing indolence

While thy tired Lute hung on the hawthorn tree

Hast thou sate listening till oer-drowsed sense

Sank, hardly conscious of the influence

To the soft murmur of the vagrant Bee.

60

—A slender sound!—yet hoary Time

Doth, to the Soul, exalt it—with the Chime

Of all his years—a company

Of ages coming, ages gone;

Yet each and all in unison

65

With that faint Utterance which tells

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 115

Of treasure suck’d from buds and bells

And stored with frugal [?care] in waxen cells.

4

And is she brought within the power

Of vision by this tempting flower,

70

Observe each wing—a tiny van—

The structure of her laden thigh

How fragile—yet of ancestry

Mysteriously remote and high;

High as the imperial front of Man,

75

The roseate bloom on woman’s cheek,

The soaring Eagle’s curved beak,

The white plumes of the floating swan—

Old as the tyger’s paws, the lion’s mane

Ere shaken by that mood of stern disdain

80

At which the Desart trembles.—Humming Bee,

Thy sting was needless then, perchance unknown;

The seeds of malice were not sown;

All Creatures met in peace from fierceness free

And no pride blended with their majesty.

85

Sonnet

The Stars are Mansions built by Nature’s hand;

And, haply, there the spirits of the blest

Live, clothed in radiance, their immortal vest;

Huge Ocean frames, within his yellow strand,

A Habitation marvellously planned,

5

For life to occupy in love and rest;

All that we see—is dome, or vault, or nest,

Or fort, erected at her sage command.

Is this a vernal thought? Even so, the Spring

Gave it while cares were weighing on my heart,

10

Mid song of birds, and insects murmuring;

And while the youthful year’s prolific art—

Of bud, leaf, blade, and flower—was fashioning

Abodes, where self-disturbance hath no part.

116 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Ode

to lycoris,

may, 1817

An age hath been when Earth was proud

Of lustre too intense

To be sustain’d; and Mortals bowed

The front in self-defence.

Who then, if Dian’s crescent gleamed,

5

Or Cupid’s sparkling arrow streamed

While on the wing the Urchin play’d,

Could fearlessly approach the shade?

—Enough for one soft vernal day,

If I, a Bard of ebbing time

10

And nurtur’d in a fickle clime,

May haunt this horned bay;

Whose amorous water multiplies

The flitting halcyon’s vivid dyes;

And smoothes its liquid breast—to show

15

These swan-like specks of mountain snow,

White, as the pair that slid along the plains

Of Heaven, when Venus held the reins!

ii

In youth we love the darksome lawn

Brush’d by the owlet’s wing;

20

Then, Twilight is preferred to Dawn,

And Autumn to the Spring.

Sad fancies do we then affect,

In luxury of disrespect

To our own prodigal excess

25

Of too familiar happiness.

Lycoris (if such name befit

Thee, thee my life’s celestial sign!)

When Nature marks the year’s decline

Be ours to welcome it;

30

Pleased with the soil’s requited cares;

Pleased with the blue that ether wears;

Pleased while the sylvan world displays

Its ripeness to the feeding gaze;

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 117

Pleased when the sullen winds resound the knell

35

Of the resplendent miracle.

iii

But something whispers to my heart

That, as we downward tend,

Lycoris! life requires an art

To which our souls must bend;

40

A skill—to balance and supply;

And, ere the flowing fount be dry,

As soon it must, a sense to sip,

Or drink, with no fastidious lip.

Frank greetings, then, to that blithe Guest

45

Diffusing smiles o’er land and sea,

To aid the vernal Deity

Whose home is in the breast!

May pensive Autumn ne’er present

A claim to her disparagement!

50

While blossoms and the budding spray

Inspire us in our own decay;

Still, as we nearer draw to life’s dark goal,

Be hopeful Spring the favourite of the Soul!

Addressed to ———,

on the longest day

Let us quit the leafy Arbour,

And the torrent murmuring by;

Sol has dropped into his harbour,

Weary of the open sky.

Evening now unbinds the fetters

5

Fashioned by the glowing light;

All that breathe are thankful debtors

To the harbinger of night.

Yet by some grave thoughts attended

Eve renews her calm career;

10

For the day that now is ended,

Is the Longest of the Year.

118 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Laura! sport, as now thou sportest,

On this platform, light and free;

Take thy bliss, while longest, shortest

15

Are indifferent to thee!

Who would check the happy feeling

That inspires the linnet’s song?

Who would stop the swallow wheeling

On her pinions swift and strong?

20

Yet, at this impressive season,

Words, which tenderness can speak

From the truths of homely reason,

Might exalt the loveliest cheek;

And, while shades to shades succeeding

25

Steal the landscape from the sight,

I would urge this moral pleading,

Last forerunner of “Good night!”

Summer ebbs;—each day that follows

Is a reflux from on high,

30

Tending to the darksome hollows

Where the frosts of winter lie.

He who governs the creation,

In his providence assigned

Such a gradual declination

35

To the life of human kind.

Yet we mark it not;—fruits redden,

Fresh flowers blow as flowers have blown,

And the heart is loth to deaden

Hopes that she so long hath known.

40

Be thou wiser, youthful Maiden!

And, when thy decline shall come,

Let not flowers, or boughs fruit-laden,

Hide the knowledge of thy doom.

Now, even now, ere wrapped in slumber,

45

Fix thine eyes upon the sea

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 119

That absorbs time, space, and number,

Look towards Eternity!

Follow thou the flowing River

On whose breast are thither borne

50

All Deceiv’d, and each Deceiver,

Through the gates of night and morn;

Through the years’ successive portals;

Through the bounds which many a star

Marks, not mindless of frail mortals

55

When his light returns from far.

Thus, when Thou with Time hast travell’d

Tow’rds the mighty gulph of things,

And the mazy Stream unravell’d

With thy best imaginings;

60

Think, if thou on beauty leanest,

Think how pitiful that stay,

Did not virtue give the meanest

Charms superior to decay.

Duty, like a strict preceptor,

65

Sometimes frowns, or seems to frown;

Choose her thistle for thy sceptre,

While thy brow youth’s roses crown.

Grasp it,—if thou shrink and tremble,

Fairest Damsel of the green!

70

Thou wilt lack the only symbol

That proclaims a genuine Queen;

And ensures those palms of honour

Which selected spirits wear,

Bending low before the Donor,

75

Lord of Heaven’s unchanging Year!

120 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Ode.

the pass of kirkstone

i

Within the mind strong fancies work,

A deep delight the bosom thrills,

Oft as I pass along the fork

Of these fraternal hills:

Where, save the rugged road, we find

5

No appanage of human kind;

Nor hint of man, if stone or rock

Seem not his handy-work to mock

By something cognizably shaped;

Mockery—or model—roughly hewn,

10

And left as if by earthquake strewn,

Or from the Flood escaped:—

Altars for Druid service fit;

(But where no fire was ever lit

Unless the glow-worm to the skies

15

Thence offer nightly sacrifice;)

Wrinkled Egyptian monument;

Green moss-grown tower; or hoary tent;

Tents of a camp that never shall be raised;

On which four thousand years have gazed!

20

ii

Ye plowshares sparkling on the slopes!

Ye snow-white lambs that trip

Imprison’d mid the formal props

Of restless ownership!

Ye trees that may to-morrow fall,

25

To feed the insatiate Prodigal!

Lawns, houses, chattels, groves, and fields,

All that the fertile valley shields;

Wages of folly—baits of crime,—

Of life’s uneasy game the stake,—

30

Playthings that keep the eyes awake

Of drowsy, dotard Time;—

O care! O guilt!—O vales and plains,

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 121

Here, mid his own unvexed domains,

A Genius dwells, that can subdue

35

At once all memory of You,—

Most potent when mists veil the sky,

Mists that distort and magnify;

While the coarse rushes, to the sweeping breeze,

Sigh forth their ancient melodies!

40

iii

List to those shriller notes!— that march

Perchance was on the blast,

When through this Height’s inverted arch

Rome’s earliest legion passed!

— They saw, adventurously impell’d,

45

And older eyes than theirs beheld,

This block—and yon whose Church-like frame

Gives to the savage Pass its name.

Aspiring Road! that lov’st to hide

Thy daring in a vapoury bourn,

50

Not seldom may the hour return

When thou shalt be my Guide;

And I (as often we find cause,

When life is at a weary pause,

And we have panted up the hill

55

Of duty with reluctant will)

Be thankful, even though tired and faint,

For the rich bounties of Constraint;

Whence oft invigorating transports flow

That Choice lacked courage to bestow!

60

iv

My soul was grateful for delight

That wore a threatening brow;

A veil is lifted—can she slight

The scene that opens now?

Though habitation none appear,

65

The greenness tells, man must be there;

The shelter—that the perspective

Is of the clime in which we live;

Where Toil pursues his daily round;

122 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Where Pity sheds sweet tears, and Love,

70

In woodbine bower or birchen grove,

Inflicts his tender wound.

—Who comes not hither ne’er shall know

How beautiful the world below;

Nor can he guess how lightly leaps

75

The brook adown the rocky steeps.

Farewell thou desolate Domain!

Hope, pointing to the cultur’d Plain,

Carols like a shepherd boy;

And who is she?—can that be Joy?

80

Who, with a sun-beam for her guide,

Smoothly skims the meadows wide;

While Faith, from yonder opening cloud,

To hill and vale proclaims aloud,

“Whate’er the weak may dread the wicked dare,

85

Thy lot, O man, is good, thy portion fair!”

[ To the Same]

Here let us rest—here, where the gentle beams

Of noontide stealing in between the boughs

Illuminate their faded leaves;—the air

In the habitual silence of this wood

Is more than silent; and this tuft of heath

5

Deck’d with the fullness of its flowers presents

As beautiful a couch as e’er was framed.

Come—let us venture to exchange the pomp

Of widespread landscape for the internal wealth

Of quiet thought—protracted till thine eye

10

Be calm as water when the winds are gone

And no one can tell whither. Dearest Friend!

We two have had such blissful hours together

That were power granted to replace them (fetched

From out the pensive shadows where they lie)

15

In the first warmth of their original sunshine,

Loth should I be to use it. Passing sweet

Are the domains of tender memory!

  This poem and the later version that follows refer back to  Ode. To Lycoris, May, 1817, included above.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 123

To the Same

Enough of climbing toil!—Ambition treads

Here, as mid busier scenes, ground steep and rough,

Or slippery even to peril! and each step,

As we for most uncertain recompense

Mount tow’rd the empire of the fickle clouds,

5

Each weary step, dwarfing the world below,

Induces, for its old familiar sights,

Unacceptable feelings of contempt,

With wonder mixed—that Man could e’er be tied,

In anxious bondage, to such nice array

10

And formal fellowship of petty things!

—Oh! ’tis the heart that magnifies this life,

Making a truth and beauty of her own;

And moss-grown alleys, circumscribing shades,

And gurgling rills, assist her in the work

15

More efficaciously than realms outspread,

As in a map, before the adventurer’s gaze—

Ocean and Earth contending for regard.

The umbrageous woods are left—how far beneath!

But lo! where darkness seems to guard the mouth

20

Of yon wild cave, whose jagged brows are fringed

With flaccid threads of ivy, in the still

And sultry air, depending motionless.

Yet cool the space within, and not uncheered

(As whoso enters shall ere long perceive)

25

By stealthy influx of the timid day

Mingling with night, such twilight to compose

As Numa loved; when, in the Egerian Grot,

From the sage Nymph appearing at his wish,

He gained whate’er a regal mind might ask,

30

Or need, of council breathed through lips divine.

Long as the heat shall rage, let that dim cave

Protect us, there deciphering as we may

Diluvian records; or the sighs of Earth

Interpreting; or counting for old Time

35

His minutes, by reiterated drops,

Audible tears, from some invisible source

124 The Poems of William Wordsworth

That deepens upon fancy—more and more

Drawn tow’rd the centre whence those sighs creep forth

To awe the lightness of humanity.

40

Or, shutting up thyself within thyself,

There let me see thee sink into a mood

Of gentler thought, protracted till thine eye

Be calm as water when the winds are gone,

And no one can tell whither. Dearest Friend!

45

We two have known such happy hours together,

That, were power granted to replace them (fetched

From out the pensive shadows where they lie)

In the first warmth of their original sunshine,

Loth should I be to use it: passing sweet

50

Are the domains of tender memory!

Ode,

composed upon an evening of extraordinary splendor and beauty

1

Had this effulgence disappeared

With flying haste, I might have sent

Among the speechless clouds a look

Of blank astonishment;

But ’tis endued with power to stay

5

And solemnize one closing day

That frail Mortality may see

What is? ah no—but what can be.

Time was when field and watry cove

With modulated echoes rang

10

Of harp and voice while Angels sang

Amid the umbrageous grove;

Or ranged like stars along some sovereign Height

Warbled for heaven above and earth below

Strains suitable to both. Ye Sons of light,

15

If such communion were repeated now

Nor harp nor Seraph’s voice could move

Sublimer rapture, holier love,

Than doth this silent spectacle—the gleam,

The shadow—and the peace supreme.

20

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 125

2

What though no sound be heard? A deep

And solemn harmony pervades

The hollow vale from steep to steep

And penetrates the glades.

Far-distant images draw nigh

25

Call’d forth by wondrous potency

Of beamy radiance that imbues

Whate’er it strikes with gem-like hues.

In vision exquisitely clear

Herds graze along the mountain-side

30

And glistening antlers are descried

And gilded flocks appear.

Thine is the tranquil hour, purpureal Eve!

But long as god-like wish or hope divine

Informs my spirit, ne’er I can believe

35

That this magnificence is wholly thine!

From worlds unquicken’d by the Sun

A portion of the gift is won,

An intermingling of heav’n’s pomp is spread

On ground which British Shepherds tread.

40

3

Whence but from some celestial urn

These colours—wont to meet my eye

Where’er I wandered in the morn

Of blissful infancy?

This glimpse of glory, why renewed?

45

Nay, rather speak in gratitude!

For, if a vestige of those gleams

Survived, ’twas only in my dreams.

Dread Power! whom peace and calmness serve

No less than Nature’s threatening voice,

50

If aught unworthy be my choice,

From Thee if I would swerve,

O let thy grace remind me of the light,

Full early lost and fruitlessly deplored,

Which, at this moment, on my waking sight

55

Appears to shine, by miracle restored.

126 The Poems of William Wordsworth

My Soul though yet confined to earth

Rejoices in a second birth!

—Tis past—the visionary splendor fades

And Night approaches with her shades.

60

“Indulgent Muse, if Thou the labour share”

Indulgent Muse, if Thou the labour share

This Object of my care

Shall grow a garden stock’d with poesy—

Bright Weeds and flowers of song

Which have been tended long

In all humility.

5

Hint from the Mountains

for certain political aspirants

Stranger, ’tis a sight of pleasure

When the wings of genius rise,

Their ability to measure

With great enterprise;

But in man was ne’er such daring

5

As yon Hawk exhibits, pairing

His brave spirit with the war in

The stormy skies!

Mark him, how his power he uses,

Lays it by, at will resumes!

10

Mark, ere for his haunt he chooses

Clouds and utter glooms!

There, he wheels in downward mazes;

Sunward now his flight he raises,

Catches fire, as seems, and blazes

15

With uninjur’d plumes!—

answer

Traveller, ’tis no act of courage

Which aloft thou dost discern;

No bold bird gone forth to forage

Mid the tempest stern;

20

But such mockery as the Nations

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 127

See, when Commonwealth-vexations

Lift men from their native stations,

Like yon tuft of fern;

Such it is, and not a Haggard

25

Soaring on undaunted wing;

’Tis by nature dull and laggard,

A poor helpless Thing,

Dry, and withered, light and yellow;—

That to be the tempest’s fellow!

30

Wait—and you shall see how hollow

Its endeavouring!

Inscriptions,

supposed to be found in, and near, a hermit’s cell

I

Hast thou seen, with train incessant,

Bubbles gliding under ice,

Bodied forth and evanescent,

No one knows by what device?

Such are thoughts!—a wind-swept meadow

5

Mimicking a troubled sea—

Such is life;—and death a shadow

From the rock eternity!

II

inscribed upon a rock

Pause, Traveller! whosoe’er thou be

Whom chance may lead to this retreat,

Where silence yields reluctantly

Even to the fleecy straggler’s bleat;

Give voice to what my hand shall trace,

5

And fear not lest an idle sound

Of words unsuited to the place,

Disturb its solitude profound.

I saw this Rock, while vernal air

128 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Blew softly o’er the russet heath,

10

Uphold a Monument as fair

As Church or Abbey furnisheth.

Unsullied did it meet the day,

Like marble white, like ether pure;

As if beneath some hero lay,

15

Honour’d with costliest sepulture.

My fancy kindled as I gazed;

And, ever as the sun shone forth,

The flatter’d structure glisten’d, blazed,

And seemed the proudest thing on earth.

20

But Frost had reared the gorgeous Pile

Unsound as those which fortune builds;

To undermine with secret guile,

Sapp’d by the very beam that gilds.

And, while I gazed, with sudden shock

25

Fell the whole Fabric to the ground;

And naked left this dripping Rock,

With shapeless ruin spread around!

III

Hopes what are they?—Beads of morning

Strung on slender blades of grass;

Or a spider’s web adorning

In a strait and treacherous pass.

What are fears but voices airy?

5

Whispering harm where harm is not,

And deluding the unwary

Till the fatal bolt is shot!

What is glory?—in the socket

See how dying Tapers fare!

10

What is pride?—a whizzing rocket

That would emulate a star.

What is friendship?—do not trust her,

Nor the vows which she has made;

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 129

Diamonds dart their brightest lustre

15

From a palsy-shaken head.

What is truth?—a staff rejected;

Duty?—an unwelcome clog;

Joy?—a dazzling moon reflected

In a swamp or watery bog;

20

Bright, as if through ether steering,

To the Traveller’s eye it shone:

He hath hailed it re-appearing—

And as quickly it is gone;

Gone, as if for ever hidden,

25

Or misshapen to the sight;

And by sullen weeds forbidden

To resume its native light.

What is youth?—a dancing billow,

Winds behind, and rocks before!

30

Age?—a drooping, tottering willow

On a flat and lazy shore.

What is peace?—when pain is over,

And love ceases to rebel,

Let the last faint sigh discover

35

That precedes the passing knell!

IV

near the spring of the hermitage

Troubled long with warring notions,

Long impatient of thy rod,

I resign my soul’s emotions

Unto Thee, mysterious God!

What avails the kindly shelter

5

Yielded by this craggy rent,

If my spirit toss and welter

On the waves of discontent?

Parching Summer hath no warrant

130 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To consume this crystal well;

10

Rains, that make each rill a torrent,

Neither sully it nor swell.

Thus dishonouring not her station,

Would my Life present to Thee,

Gracious God, the pure oblation

15

Of divine Tranquillity!

V

Not seldom, clad in radiant vest,

Deceitfully goes forth the Morn;

Not seldom Evening in the west

Sinks smilingly forsworn.

The smoothest seas will sometimes prove,

5

To the confiding Bark, untrue;

And, if she trust the stars above,

They can be treacherous too.

The umbrageous Oak, in pomp outspread,

Full oft, when storms the welkin rend,

10

Draws lightning down upon the head

It promis’d to defend.

But Thou art true, incarnate Lord!

Who didst vouchsafe for man to die;

Thy smile is sure, thy plighted word

15

No change can falsify!

I bent before thy gracious throne,

And asked for peace with suppliant knee;

And peace was given,—nor peace alone,

But faith, and hope, and extacy!

20

Placard for a Poll bearing an Old Shirt

If money I lack

The shirt on my back

Shall off—and go to the hammer;

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 131

For though with bare skin

By G— I’ll be in,

5

And raise up a radical clamor!

“The Scottish Broom on Bird-nest brae”

The Scottish Broom on Bird-nest brae

Twelve tedious years ago,

When many plants strange blossoms bore

That puzzled high and low,

A not unnatural longing felt,

5

What longing, would ye know?

Why, Friend, to deck her supple twigs

With yellow in full blow.

To Lowther Castle she addressed

A prayer both bold and sly,

10

(For all the Brooms on Bird-nest Brae

Can talk and speechify)

That flattering breezes blowing thence

Their succour would supply;

Then she would instantly put forth

15

A flag of Yellow die.

But from the Castle turret blew

A chill forbidding blast,

Which the poor Broom no sooner felt

Than she shrank up as fast:

20

Her wished-for yellow she foreswore,

And since that time has cast

Fond looks on colours three or four,

And put forth Blue at last.

But now my Lads, the Election comes

25

In June’s sunshiny hours

When every field, and bank, and brae

Is clad with yellow flowers;

While factious Blue from Shops and Booths

Tricks out her blustering powers,

30

  WW suggested an improvement on this line, “Though I sell shirt, and skin,” to his corre-

spondent, Lord Lonsdale, February 25, 88.

132 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Lo! smiling Nature’s lavish hand

Has furnished wreathes for ours.

The Pilgrim’s Dream

or, the star and the glow-worm

A Pilgrim, when the summer day

Had closed upon his weary way,

A lodging begg’d beneath a castle’s roof;

But him the haughty Warder spurn’d;

And from the gate the Pilgrim turn’d,

5

To seek such covert as the field

Or heath-besprinkled copse might yield,

Or lofty wood, shower-proof.

He paced along; and, pensively

Halting beneath a shady tree,

10

Whose moss-grown root might serve for couch or seat,

Fixed on a Star his upward eye;

Then, from the tenant of the sky

He turned, and watch’d with kindred look,

A glow-worm, in a dusky nook,

15

Apparent at his feet.

The murmur of a neighbouring stream

Induced a soft and slumb’rous dream,

A pregnant dream within whose shadowy bounds

He recognised the earth-born Star,

20

And That whose radiance gleam’d from far;

And (strange to witness!) from the frame

Of the ethereal Orb there came

Intelligible sounds.

Much did it taunt the humbler Light

25

That now, when day was fled, and night

Hushed the dark earth—fast closing weary eyes,

A very Reptile could presume

To show her taper in the gloom,

As if in rivalship with One

30

Who sate a Ruler on his throne

Erected in the skies.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 133

“Exalted Star!” the Worm replied,

“Abate this unbecoming pride,

Or with a less uneasy lustre shine;

35

Thou shrink’st as momently thy rays

Are master’d by the breathing haze;

While neither mist, nor thickest cloud

That shapes in heaven its murky shroud,

Hath power to injure mine.

40

Yet not for this do I aspire

To match the spark of local fire,

That at my will burns on the dewy lawn,

With thy acknowledged glories;—No!

But it behoves that thou shouldst know

45

What favours do attend me here,

Till, like thyself, I disappear

Before the purple dawn.”

When this in modest guise was said,

Across the welkin seem’d to spread

50

A boding sound—for aught but sleep unfit!

Hills quaked—the rivers backward ran—

That Star, so proud of late, looked wan;

And reeled with visionary stir

In the blue depth, like Lucifer

55

Cast headlong to the pit!

Fire raged,—and when the spangled floor

Of ancient ether was no more,

New heavens succeeded, by the dream brought forth:

And all the happy souls that rode

60

Transfigured through that fresh abode,

Had heretofore, in humble trust,

Shone meekly mid their native dust,

The Glow-worms of the earth!

This knowledge, from an Angel’s voice

65

Proceeding, made the heart rejoice

Of Him who slept upon the open lea:

Waking at morn he murmur’d not;

And, till life’s journey closed, the spot

134 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Was to the Pilgrim’s soul endeared,

70

Where by that dream he had been cheered

Beneath the shady tree.

Sonnets

suggested by mr. w. westall’s views of the caves, &c.

in yorkshire

“Pure element of waters! wheresoe’er”

Pure element of waters! wheresoe’er

Thou dost forsake thy subterranean haunts,

Green herbs, bright flowers, and berry-bearing plants,

— Rise into life and in thy train appear:

And, through the sunny portion of the year,

5

Swift insects shine, thy hovering pursuivants:

And, if thy bounty fail, the forest pants;

And hart and hind and hunter with his spear,

Languish and droop together. Nor unfelt

In man’s perturbed soul thy sway benign;

10

And, haply, far within the marble belt

Of central earth, where tortured Spirits pine

For grace and goodness lost, thy murmurs melt

Their anguish,—and they blend sweet songs with thine!

Malham Cove

Was the aim frustrated by force or guile,

When giants scoop’d from out the rocky ground

— Tier under tier—this semicirque profound?

(Giants—the same who built in Erin’s isle

That Causeway with incomparable toil!)

5

O, had this vast theatric structure wound

With finish’d sweep into a perfect round,

No mightier work had gain’d the plausive smile

Of all-beholding Phœbus! But, alas,

Vain earth!—false world! Foundations must be laid

10

In Heav’n; for, mid the wreck of is and was,

1 “Waters (as Mr. Westall informs us in the letter-press prefixed to his admirable views) are invariably found to flow through these caverns.” WW

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 135

Things incomplete and purposes betrayed

Make sadder transits o’er truth’s mystic glass

Than noblest objects utterly decayed.

Gordale

At early dawn,—or rather when the air

Glimmers with fading light, and shadowy eve

Is busiest to confer and to bereave,—

Then, pensive votary, let thy feet repair

To Gordale-chasm, terrific as the lair

5

Where the young lions couch;—for so, by leave

Of the propitious hour, thou may’st perceive

The local Deity, with oozy hair

And mineral crown, beside his jagged urn

Recumbent:—Him thou may’st behold, who hides

10

His lineaments by day, and there presides,

Teaching the docile waters how to turn;

Or, if need be, impediment to spurn,

And force their passage to the salt-sea tides!

Composed on the Banks of a Rocky Stream

Dogmatic Teachers, of the snow-white fur!

Ye wrangling Schoolmen, of the scarlet hood!

Who, with a keenness not to be withstood,

Press the point home,—or falter and demur,

Checked in your course by many a teazing burr;

5

These natural council-seats your acrid blood

Might cool;—and, as the Genius of the flood

Stoops willingly to animate and spur

Each lighter function slumbering in the brain,

Yon eddying balls of foam—these arrowy gleams,

10

That o’er the pavement of the surging streams

Welter and flash—a synod might detain

With subtile speculations, haply vain,

But surely less so than your far-fetched themes!

To a Snow-drop, appearing very early in the Season.

Lone Flower, hemmed in with snows and white as they

But hardier far, though modestly thou bend

136 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Thy front—as if such presence could offend!

Who guards thy slender stalk while, day by day,

Storms, sallying from the mountain-tops, way-lay

5

The rising sun, and on the plains descend?

Accept the greeting that befits a friend

Whose zeal outruns his promise! Blue-eyed May

Shall soon behold this border thickly set

With bright jonquils, their odours lavishing

10

On the soft west-wind and his frolic peers;

Yet will I not thy gentle grace forget

Chaste Snow-drop, vent’rous harbinger of Spring,

And pensive monitor of fleeting years!

Sonnet

on seeing a tuft of snowdrops in a storm

When haughty expectations prostrate lie,

And grandeur crouches like a guilty thing,

Oft shall the lowly weak, till nature bring

Mature release, in fair society

Survive, and Fortune’s utmost anger try;

5

Like these frail snow-drops that together cling,

And nod their helmets smitten by the wing

Of many a furious whirlblast sweeping by.

Observe the faithful flowers! if small to great

May lead the thoughts, thus struggling used to stand

10

The Emathian phalanx, nobly obstinate;

And so the bright immortal Theban band,

Whom onset, fiercely urged at Jove’s command,

Might overwhelm, but could not separate!

Composed during one of the most awful of the late Storms,

Feb. 1819

One who was suffering tumult in his soul

Yet fail’d to seek the sure relief of prayer—

Went forth—his course surrendering to the care

Of the fierce wind, while mid-day lightnings prowl

Insidiously,—untimely thunders growl,—

5

While trees, dim-seen, in frenzied numbers tear

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 137

The lingering remnant of their yellow hair,—

And shivering wolves, surpris’d with darkness, howl

As if the sun were not;—he lifted high

His head—and in a moment did appear

10

Large space, mid dreadful clouds, of purest sky,

An’ azure orb—shield of Tranquillity,

Invisible unlook’d-for minister

Of providential goodness ever nigh!

To ———

Those silver clouds collected round the sun

His mid-day warmth abate not, seeming less

To overshade than multiply his beams

By soft reflection—grateful to the sky,

To rocks, fields, woods. Nor doth our human sense

5

Ask, for its pleasure, screen or canopy

More ample than that time-dismantled Oak

Spreads o’er this tuft of heath: which now, attired

In the whole fulness of its bloom, affords

As beautiful a couch as e’er on earth

10

Was fashioned; whether by the hand of art

That Eastern Sultan, amid flowers enwrought

On silken tissue, might diffuse his limbs

In languor; or, by Nature, for repose

Of panting Wood-nymph weary of the chace.

15

O Lady! fairer in thy Poet’s sight

Than fairest spiritual Creature of the groves,

Approach—and, thus invited, crown with rest

The noon-tide hour:—though truly some there are

Whose footsteps superstitiously avoid

20

This venerable Tree; for, when the wind

Blows keenly, it sends forth a creaking sound,

Above the general roar of woods and crags;

Distinctly heard from far—a doleful note

As if (so Grecian shepherds would have deem’d)

25

The Hamadryad, pent within, bewailed

Some bitter wrong. Nor is it unbelieved,

By ruder fancy, that a troubled Ghost

Haunts this old Trunk; lamenting deeds of which

138 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The flowery ground is conscious. But no wind

30

Sweeps now along this elevated ridge;

Not even a zephyr stirs;—the obnoxious Tree

Is mute,—and, in his silence, would look down

On thy reclining form with more delight

Than his Coevals in the sheltered vale

35

Seem to participate, the whilst they view

Their own far-stretching arms and leafy heads

Vividly pictured in some glassy pool,

That, for a brief space, checks the hurrying stream!

Sonnet

on the detraction which followed

the publication of a certain poem





See Milton’s Sonnet, beginning



“A Book was writ of late called ‘Tetrachordon.’ ”

A Book came forth of late called, “Peter Bell;”

Not negligent the style;—the matter?—good .

As aught that song records of Robin Hood;

Or Roy, renowned through many a Scottish dell;

But some (who brook these hacknied themes full well,

5

Nor heat, at Tam o’ Shanter’s name, their blood)

Wax’d wrath, and with foul claws, a harpy brood—

On Bard and Hero clamorously fell.

Heed not, wild Rover once through heath and glen

Who mad’st at length the better life thy choice,

10

Heed not such onset! nay, if praise of men

To thee appear not an unmeaning voice,

Lift up that grey-haired forehead, and rejoice

In the just tribute of thy Poet’s pen!

September, 1819

The sylvan slopes with corn-clad fields

Are hung, as if with golden shields,

Bright trophies of the sun!

Like a fair sister of the sky,

Unruffled doth the blue Lake lie,

5

1 WW’s first three lines are patterned after Milton’s sonnet.11.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 139

The Mountains looking on.

And, sooth to say, yon vocal Grove

Albeit uninspired by love,

By love untaught to ring,

May well afford to mortal ear

10

An impulse more profoundly dear

Than music of the Spring.

For that from turbulence and heat

Proceeds, from some uneasy seat

In Nature’s struggling frame,

15

Some region of impatient life;

And jealousy, and quivering strife,

Therein a portion claim.

This, this is holy;—while I hear

These vespers of another year,

20

This hymn of thanks and praise,

My spirit seems to mount above

The anxieties of human love,

And earth’s precarious days.

But list!—though winter storms be nigh,

25

Unchecked is that soft harmony:

There lives Who can provide

For all his creatures; and in Him,

Even like the radiant Seraphim,

These Choristers confide.

30

Upon the Same Occasion

Departing Summer hath assumed

An aspect tenderly illumed,

The gentlest look of Spring:

That calls from yonder leafy shade

Unfaded, yet prepared to fade,

5

A timely caroling.

No faint and hesitating trill,

Such tribute as to Winter chill

The lonely red-breast pays!

140 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Clear, loud, and lively is the din,

10

From social Warblers gathering in

Their harvest of sweet lays.

Nor doth the example fail to cheer

Me conscious that my leaf is sear,

And yellow on the bough:—

15

Fall, rosy garlands, from my head!

Ye myrtle wreaths, your fragrance shed

Around a younger brow!

Yet will I temperately rejoice;

Wide is the range, and free the choice

20

Of undiscordant themes;

Which, haply, kindred souls may prize

Not less than vernal extacies,

And passion’s feverish dreams.

For deathless powers to verse belong,

25

And they like Demi-gods are strong

On whom the Muses smile;

But some their function have disclaimed,

Best pleased with what is aptliest framed

To enervate and defile.

30

Not such the initiatory strains

Committed to the silent plains

In Britain’s earliest dawn;

Trembled the groves, the stars grew pale,

While all-too-daringly the veil

35

Of Nature was withdrawn!

Nor, such the spirit-stirring note

When the live chords Alcæus smote,

Inflamed by sense of wrong;

Woe! woe to Tyrants! from the lyre

40

Broke threateningly, in sparkles dire

Of fierce vindictive song.

And not unhallow’d was the page

By winged Love inscrib’d, to assuage

The pangs of vain pursuit;

45

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 141

Love listening while the Lesbian Maid

With passion’s finest finger swayed

Her own Æolian lute.

O ye who patiently explore

The wreck of Herculanean lore,

50

What rapture could ye seize

Some Theban fragment, or unroll

One precious, tender-hearted scroll

Of pure Simonides!

That were, indeed, a genuine birth

55

Of poesy; a bursting forth

Of Genius from the dust:

What Horace boasted to behold,

What Maro loved, shall we enfold?

Can haughty Time be just!

60

To ———

with a selection from the poems of anne, countess of winchelsea; and

extracts of similar character from other writers;

the whole transcribed by a female friend

Lady! I rifled a Parnassian Cave

(But seldom trod) of mildly-gleaming ore;

And cull’d, from sundry beds, a lucid store

Of genuine crystals, pure as those that pave

The azure brooks where Dian joys to lave

5

Her spotless limbs; and ventur’d to explore

Dim shades—for reliques, upon Lethe’s shore,

Cast up at random by the sullen wave.

To female hands the treasures were resign’d;

And lo this work!—a grotto bright and clear

10

From stain or taint; in which thy blameless mind

May feed on thoughts though pensive not austere;

Or if thy deeper spirit be inclin’d

To holy musing it may enter here.

On the Death of His Late Majesty

Ward of the Law!—dread Shadow of a King!

142 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Whose Realm had dwindled to one stately room;

Whose universe was gloom immers’d in gloom,

Darkness as thick as Life o’er Life could fling,

Yet haply cheered with some faint glimmering

5

Of Faith and Hope; if thou by nature’s doom

Gently hast sunk into the quiet tomb,

Why should we bend in grief, to sorrow cling,

When thankfulness were best?—Fresh-flowing tears,

Or, where tears flow not, sigh succeeding sigh,

10

Yield to such after-thought the sole reply

Which justly it can claim. The Nation hears

In this deep knell—silent for threescore years,

An unexampled voice of awful memory!

Oxford, May 30, 1820

Ye sacred Nurseries of blooming Youth!

In whose collegiate shelter England’s Flowers

Expand—enjoying through their vernal hours

The air of liberty, the light of truth;

Much have ye suffered from Time’s gnawing tooth,

5

Yet, O ye Spires of Oxford! Domes and Towers!

Gardens and Groves! your presence overpowers

The soberness of Reason; ’till, in sooth,

Transformed, and rushing on a bold exchange,

I slight my own beloved Cam, to range

10

Where silver Isis leads my stripling feet;

Pace the long avenue, or glide adown

The stream-like windings of that glorious street,

—An eager Novice robed in fluttering gown!

Oxford, May 30, 1820

Shame on this faithless heart! that could allow

Such transport—though but for a moment’s space:

Not while—to aid the spirit of the place—

The crescent moon cleaves with its glittering prow

The clouds, or night-bird sings from shady bough;

5

But in plain day-light:—She, too, at my side,

Who, with her heart’s experience satisfied,

Maintains inviolate its slightest vow.

Shorter Poems (1807–1820) 143

Sweet Fancy! other gifts must I receive;

Proofs of a higher sovereignty I claim;

10

Take from her brow the withering flowers of Eve,

And to that brow Life’s morning wreath restore;

Let her be comprehended in the frame

Of these illusions, or they please no more.

June, 1820

Fame tells of Groves—from England far away—

Groves that inspire the Nightingale to trill

And modulate, with subtle reach of skill

Elsewhere unmatched, her ever-varying lay;

Such bold report I venture to gainsay:

5

For I have heard the choir of Richmond hill

Chaunting with indefatigable bill;

While I bethought me of a distant day;

When, haply under shade of that same wood,

And scarcely conscious of the dashing oars

10

Plied steadily between those willowy shores,

The sweet-souled Poet of the Seasons stood—

Listening, and listening long, in rapturous mood,

Ye heavenly Birds! to your Progenitors.

  “Wallachia is the country alluded to.” WW

144

The Prelude (1824–1839)

BOOK FIRST

introduction, childhood, and school-time

O there is blessing in this gentle Breeze,

A visitant that, while he fans my cheek,

Doth seem half-conscious of the joy he brings

From the green fields, and from yon azure sky.

Whate’er his mission, the soft breeze can come

5

To none more grateful than to me; escaped

From the vast City, where I long have pined

A discontented Sojourner—Now free,

Free as a bird to settle where I will.

What dwelling shall receive me? in what vale

10

Shall be my harbour? underneath what grove

Shall I take up my home? and what clear stream

Shall with its murmur lull me into rest?

The earth is all before me: with a heart

Joyous, nor scared at its own liberty,

15

I look about; and should the chosen guide

Be nothing better than a wandering cloud,

I cannot miss my way. I breathe again;

Trances of thought and mountings of the heart

Come fast upon me: it is shaken off,

20

That burthen of my own unnatural self,

The heavy weight of many a weary day

Not mine, and such as were not made for me.

Long months of peace (if such bold word accord

With any promises of human life),

25

Long months of ease and undisturbed delight

Are mine in prospect; whither shall I turn,

By road or pathway, or through trackless field,

Up hill or down, or shall some floating thing

Upon the River point me out my course?

30

Dear Liberty! Yet what would it avail,

  During the years 824–839, WW prepared his fourteen-book version of  The Prelude for publication after his death. For the source of the reading text and the editor’s commentary,

see  The Fourteen-Book “Prelude,”  ed. W. J. B. Owen (985).

The Prelude (1824–1829) 145

But for a gift that consecrates the joy?

For I, methought, while the sweet breath of heaven

Was blowing on my body, felt, within,

A correspondent breeze, that gently moved

35

With quickening virtue, but is now become

A tempest, a redundant energy,

Vexing its own creation. Thanks to both,

And their congenial powers that, while they join

In breaking up a long continued frost,

40

Bring with them vernal promises, the hope

Of active days urged on by flying hours;

Days of sweet leisure taxed with patient thought

Abstruse, nor wanting punctual service high,

Matins and vespers, of harmonious verse!

45

Thus far, O Friend! did I, not used to make

A present joy the matter of a Song,

Pour forth, that day, my soul in measured strains,

That would not be forgotten, and are here

Recorded:—to the open fields I told

50

A prophecy:—poetic numbers came

Spontaneously, to clothe in priestly robe

A renovated Spirit singled out,

Such hope was mine, for holy services:

My own voice cheered me, and, far more, the mind’s

55

Internal echo of the imperfect sound;

To both I listened, drawing from them both

A chearful confidence in things to come.

Content, and not unwilling now to give

A respite to this passion, I paced on

60

With brisk and eager steps; and came at length

To a green shady place where down I sate

Beneath a tree, slackening my thoughts by choice,

And settling into gentler happiness.

’Twas Autumn, and a clear and placid day,

65

With warmth, as much as needed, from a sun

Two hours declined towards the west, a day

With silver clouds, and sunshine on the grass,

And, in the sheltered and the sheltering grove,

A perfect stillness. Many were the thoughts

70

146 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Encouraged and dismissed, till choice was made

Of a known Vale whither my feet should turn,

Nor rest till they had reached the very door

Of the one Cottage which methought I saw.

No picture of mere memory ever looked

75

So fair; and while upon the fancied scene

I gazed with growing love, a higher power

Than Fancy gave assurance of some work

Of glory, there forthwith to be begun,

Perhaps too there performed. Thus long I mused,

80

Nor e’er lost sight of what I mused upon,

Save where, amid the stately grove of Oaks,

Now here—now there—an acorn, from its cup

Dislodged, through sere leaves rustled, or at once

To the bare earth dropped with a startling sound.

85

From that soft couch I rose not, till the sun

Had almost touched the horizon; casting then

A backward glance upon the curling cloud

Of city smoke, by distance ruralized,

Keen as a Truant or a Fugitive,

90

But as a Pilgrim resolute, I took,

Even with the chance equipment of that hour,

The road that pointed tow’rd the chosen Vale.

It was a splendid evening: and my Soul

Once more made trial of her strength, nor lacked

95

Eolian visitations; but the harp

Was soon defrauded, and the banded host

Of harmony dispersed in straggling sounds;

And lastly utter silence! “Be it so;

Why think of any thing but present good?”

100

So, like a Home-bound Labourer, I pursued

My way, beneath the mellowing sun, that shed

Mild influence; nor left in me one wish

Again to bend the sabbath of that time

To a servile yoke. What need of many words?

105

A pleasant loitering journey, through three days

Continued, brought me to my hermitage.

I spare to tell of what ensued, the life

In common things,—the endless store of things

The Prelude (1824–1829) 147

Rare, or at least so seeming, every day

110

Found all about me in one neighbourhood;

The self-congratulation, and from morn

To night unbroken cheerfulness serene.

But speedily an earnest longing rose

To brace myself to some determined aim,

115

Reading or thinking; either to lay up

New stores, or rescue from decay the old

By timely interference: and therewith

Came hopes still higher, that with outward life

I might endue some airy phantasies

120

That had been floating loose about for years;

And to such Beings temperately deal forth

The many feelings that oppressed my heart.

That hope hath been discouraged; welcome light

Dawns from the East, but dawns—to disappear

125

And mock me with a sky that ripens not

Into a steady morning: if my mind,

Remembering the bold promise of the past,

Would gladly grapple with some noble theme,

Vain is her wish: where’er she turns, she finds

130

Impediments from day to day renewed.

And now it would content me to yield up

Those lofty hopes awhile for present gifts

Of humbler industry. But, O dear Friend!

The Poet, gentle Creature as he is,

135

Hath, like the Lover, his unruly times,

His fits when he is neither sick nor well,

Though no distress be near him but his own

Unmanageable thoughts: his mind, best pleas’d

While she, as duteous as the Mother Dove,

140

Sits brooding, lives not always to that end,

But, like the innocent Bird, hath goadings on

That drive her, as in trouble, through the groves:

With me is now such passion, to be blamed

No otherwise than as it lasts too long.

145

When, as becomes a Man who would prepare

For such an arduous Work, I through myself

Make rigorous inquisition, the report

148 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Is often chearing; for I neither seem

To lack that first great gift, the vital Soul,

150

Nor general Truths, which are themselves a sort

Of Elements and Agents, Under-powers,

Subordinate helpers of the living Mind:

Nor am I naked of external things,

Forms, images, nor numerous other aids

155

Of less regard, though won perhaps with toil,

And needful to build up a Poet’s praise.

Time, place, and manners do I seek, and these

Are found in plenteous store, but no where such

As may be singled out with steady choice:

160

No little band of yet remembered names

Whom I in perfect confidence might hope

To summon back from lonesome banishment,

And make them dwellers in the hearts of men

Now living, or to live in future years.

165

Sometimes the ambitious Power of choice, mistaking

Proud spring-tide swellings for a regular sea,

Will settle on some British theme, some old

Romantic Tale by Milton left unsung:

More often turning to some gentle place

170

Within the groves of Chivalry, I pipe

To Shepherd Swains, or seated, harp in hand,

Amid reposing knights by a River side

Or fountain, listen to the grave reports

Of dire enchantments faced, and overcome

175

By the strong mind, and Tales of warlike feats

Where spear encountered spear, and sword with sword

Fought, as if conscious of the blazonry

That the shield bore, so glorious was the strife;

Whence inspiration for a song that winds

180

Through ever changing scenes of votive quest,

Wrongs to redress, harmonious tribute paid

To patient courage and unblemished truth,

To firm devotion, zeal unquenchable,

And Christian meekness hallowing faithful loves.

185

Sometimes, more sternly moved, I would relate

How vanquished Mithridates northward passed,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 149

And, hidden in the cloud of years, became

Odin, the Father of a Race by whom

Perished the Roman Empire; how the friends

190

And followers of Sertorius, out of Spain

Flying, found shelter in the Fortunate Isles;

And left their usages, their arts, and laws

To disappear by a slow gradual death;

To dwindle and to perish, one by one,

195

Starved in those narrow bounds: but not the soul

Of Liberty, which fifteen hundred years

Survived, and, when the European came

With skill and power that might not be withstood,

Did, like a pestilence, maintain its hold,

200

And wasted down by glorious death that Race

Of natural Heroes;—or I would record

How, in tyrannic times, some high-souled Man,

Unnamed among the chronicles of Kings,

Suffered in silence for truth’s sake: or tell

205

How that one Frenchman, through continued force

Of meditation on the inhuman deeds

Of those who conquered first the Indian isles,

Went, single in his ministry, across

The Ocean;—not to comfort the Oppressed,

210

But, like a thirsty wind, to roam about,

Withering the Oppressor:—how Gustavus sought

Help at his need in Dalecarlia’s mines:

How Wallace fought for Scotland, left the name

Of Wallace to be found, like a wild flower,

215

All over his dear Country, left the deeds

Of Wallace, like a family of Ghosts,

To people the steep rocks and river banks,

Her natural sanctuaries, with a local soul

Of independence and stern liberty.

220

Sometimes it suits me better to invent

A Tale from my own heart, more near akin

To my own passions, and habitual thoughts,

Some variegated Story, in the main

Lofty, but the unsubstantial Structure melts

225

Before the very sun that brightens it,

150 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Mist into air dissolving! Then, a wish,

My last and favourite aspiration, mounts,

With yearning, tow’rds some philosophic Song

Of Truth that cherishes our daily life;

230

With meditations passionate, from deep

Recesses in man’s heart, immortal verse

Thoughtfully fitted to the Orphean lyre;

But from this awful burthen I full soon

Take refuge, and beguile myself with trust

235

That mellower years will bring a riper mind

And clearer insight. Thus my days are passed

In contradiction; with no skill to part

Vague longing, haply bred by want of power,

From paramount impulse—not to be withstood;

240

A timorous capacity from prudence;

From circumspection, infinite delay.

Humility and modest awe themselves

Betray me, serving often for a cloke

To a more subtile selfishness; that now

245

Locks every function up in blank reserve,

Now dupes me, trusting to an anxious eye

That with intrusive restlessness beats off

Simplicity, and self-presented truth.

Ah! better far than this, to stray about

250

Voluptuously, through fields and rural walks,

And ask no record of the hours, resigned

To vacant musing, unreproved neglect

Of all things, and deliberate holiday:

Far better never to have heard the name

255

Of zeal and just ambition, than to live

Baffled and plagued by a mind that every hour

Turns recreant to her task, takes heart again,

Then feels immediately some hollow thought

Hang like an interdict upon her hopes.

260

This is my lot; for either still I find

Some imperfection in the chosen theme;

Or see of absolute accomplishment

Much wanting, so much wanting, in myself

That I recoil and droop, and seek repose

265

The Prelude (1824–1829) 151

In listlessness from vain perplexity;

Unprofitably travelling toward the grave,

Like a false Steward who hath much received,

And renders nothing back.

Was it for this

That one, the fairest of all rivers, loved

270

To blend his murmurs with my Nurse’s song;

And, from his alder shades and rocky falls,

And from his fords and shallows, sent a voice

That flowed along my dreams? For this didst Thou,

O Derwent! winding among grassy holms

275

Where I was looking on, a Babe in arms,

Make ceaseless music, that composed my thoughts

To more than infant softness, giving me,

Amid the fretful dwellings of mankind,

A foretaste, a dim earnest, of the calm

280

That Nature breathes among the hills and groves?

When he had left the mountains, and received

On his smooth breast the shadow of those Towers

That yet survive, a shattered Monument

Of feudal sway, the bright blue River passed

285

Along the margin of our Terrace Walk;

A tempting Playmate whom we dearly loved.

O many a time have I, a five years’ Child,

In a small mill-race severed from his stream,

Made one long bathing of a summer’s day;

290

Basked in the sun, and plunged, and basked again,

Alternate all a summer’s day, or scoured

The sandy fields, leaping through flow’ry groves

Of yellow ragwort; or when rock and hill,

The woods and distant Skiddaw’s lofty height,

295

Were bronzed with deepest radiance, stood alone

Beneath the sky, as if I had been born

On Indian plains, and from my Mother’s hut

Had run abroad in wantonness, to sport,

A naked Savage, in the thunder shower.

300

Fair seed-time had my soul, and I grew up

Fostered alike by beauty and by fear;

Much favoured in my birth-place, and no less’

152 The Poems of William Wordsworth

In that beloved Vale to which erelong

We were transplanted—there were we let loose

305

For sports of wider range. Ere I had told

Ten birth-days, when among the mountain slopes

Frost, and the breath of frosty wind, had snapped

The last autumnal Crocus, ’twas my joy,

With store of Springes o’er my Shoulder slung,

310

To range the open heights where woodcocks ran

Along the smooth green turf. Through half the night,

Scudding away from snare to snare, I plied

That anxious visitation;—moon and stars

Were shining o’er my head; I was alone,

315

And seemed to be a trouble to the peace

That dwelt among them. Sometimes it befel,

In these night-wanderings, that a strong desire

O’erpowered my better reason, and the Bird

Which was the Captive of another’s toil

320

Became my prey; and when the deed was done

I heard, among the solitary hills,

Low breathings coming after me, and sounds

Of undistinguishable motion, steps

Almost as silent as the turf they trod.

325

Nor less, when Spring had warmed the cultured Vale,

Roved we as plunderers where the Mother-bird

Had in high places built her lodge; though mean

Our object, and inglorious, yet the end

Was not ignoble. Oh! when I have hung

330

Above the Raven’s nest, by knots of grass

And half-inch fissures in the slippery rock

But ill-sustained; and almost (so it seemed)

Suspended by the blast that blew amain,

Shouldering the naked crag; Oh, at that time,

335

While on the perilous ridge I hung alone,

With what strange utterance did the loud dry wind

Blow through my ears! the sky seemed not a sky

Of earth, and with what motion moved the clouds!

Dust as we are, the immortal Spirit grows

340

Like harmony in music; there is a dark

Inscrutable workmanship that reconciles

The Prelude (1824–1829) 153

Discordant elements, makes them cling together

In one society. How strange that all

The terrors, pains, and early miseries,

345

Regrets, vexations, lassitudes, interfused

Within my mind, should e’er have borne a part,

And that a needful part, in making up

The calm existence that is mine when I

Am worthy of myself! Praise to the end!

350

Thanks to the means which Nature deigned to employ!

Whether her fearless visitings or those

That came with soft alarm like hurtless lightning

Opening the peaceful clouds, or she would use

Severer interventions, ministry

355

More palpable, as best might suit her aim.

One summer evening (led by her) I found

A little Boat tied to a Willow-tree

Within a rocky cave, its usual home.

Strait I unloosed her chain, and, stepping in,

360

Pushed from the shore. It was an act of stealth

And troubled pleasure, nor without the voice

Of mountain-echoes did my Boat move on,

Leaving behind her still, on either side,

Small circles glittering idly in the moon,

365

Until they melted all into one track

Of sparkling light. But now, like one who rows

(Proud of his skill) to reach a chosen point

With an unswerving line, I fixed my view

Upon the summit of a craggy ridge,

370

The horizon’s utmost boundary; for above

Was nothing but the stars and the grey sky.

She was an elfin Pinnace; lustily

I dipped my oars into the silent Lake;

And, as I rose upon the stroke, my boat

375

Went heaving through the Water like a swan:

When, from behind that craggy Steep, till then

The horizon’s bound, a huge peak, black and huge,

As if with voluntary power instinct,

Upreared its head.—I struck, and struck again,

380

And, growing still in stature, the grim Shape

154 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Towered up between me and the stars, and still,

For so it seemed, with purpose of its own

And measured motion, like a living Thing

Strode after me. With trembling oars I turned,

385

And through the silent water stole my way

Back to the Covert of the Willow-tree;

There, in her mooring-place, I left my Bark,—

And through the meadows homeward went, in grave

And serious mood; but after I had seen

390

That spectacle, for many days, my brain

Worked with a dim and undetermined sense

Of unknown modes of being; o’er my thoughts

There hung a darkness, call it solitude

Or blank desertion. No familiar Shapes

395

Remained, no pleasant images of trees,

Of sea or Sky, no colours of green fields,

But huge and mighty Forms, that do not live

Like living men, moved slowly through the mind

By day, and were a trouble to my dreams.

400

Wisdom and Spirit of the Universe!

Thou Soul that art the eternity of thought,

That giv’st to forms and images a breath

And everlasting Motion! not in vain,

By day or star-light, thus from my first dawn

405

Of Childhood didst thou intertwine for me

The passions that build up our human Soul,

Not with the mean and vulgar works of man,

But with high objects, with enduring things,

With life and nature, purifying thus

410

The elements of feeling and of thought,

And sanctifying, by such discipline,

Both pain and fear; until we recognize

A grandeur in the beatings of the heart.

Nor was this fellowship vouchsafed to me

415

With stinted kindness. In November days

When vapours, rolling down the valley, made

A lonely scene more lonesome; among woods

At noon, and ’mid the calm of summer nights,

When, by the margin of the trembling Lake,

420

The Prelude (1824–1829) 155

Beneath the gloomy hills homeward I went

In solitude, such intercourse was mine:

Mine was it, in the fields both day and night,

And by the waters, all the summer long.

—And in the frosty season, when the sun

425

Was set, and visible for many a mile,

The cottage windows blazed through twilight gloom,

I heeded not their summons;—happy time

It was indeed for all of us; for me

It was a time of rapture!—Clear and loud

430

The village Clock toll’d six—I wheeled about,

Proud and exulting like an untired horse

That cares not for his home.—All shod with steel,

We hissed along the polished ice, in games

Confederate, imitative of the chase

435

And woodland pleasures,—the resounding horn,

The Pack loud-chiming and the hunted hare.

So through the darkness and the cold we flew,

And not a voice was idle: with the din

Smitten, the precipices rang aloud;

440

The leafless trees and every icy crag

Tinkled like iron; while far distant hills

Into the tumult sent an alien sound

Of melancholy, not unnoticed while the stars,

Eastward, were sparkling clear, and in the west

445

The orange sky of evening died away.

Not seldom from the uproar I retired

Into a silent bay,—or sportively

Glanced sideway, leaving the tumultuous throng

To cut across the reflex of a star

450

That fled, and, flying still before me, gleamed

Upon the glassy plain: and oftentimes,

When we had given our bodies to the wind,

And all the shadowy banks on either side

Came sweeping through the darkness, spinning still

455

The rapid line of motion, then at once

Have I, reclining back upon my heels,

Stopped short; yet still the solitary cliffs

Wheeled by me—even as if the earth had rolled

156 The Poems of William Wordsworth

With visible motion her diurnal round!

460

Behind me did they stretch in solemn train,

Feebler and feebler, and I stood and watched

Till all was tranquil as a dreamless sleep.

Ye presences of Nature, in the sky,

And on the earth! Ye visions of the hills!

465

And Souls of lonely places! can I think

A vulgar hope was yours when ye employed

Such ministry, when ye, through many a year,

Haunting me thus among my boyish sports,

On caves and trees, upon the woods and hills,

470

Impressed upon all forms the characters

Of danger or desire; and thus did make

The surface of the universal earth

With triumph and delight, with hope and fear,

Work like a sea?

Not uselessly employed,

475

Might I pursue this theme through every change

Of exercise and play, to which the year

Did summon us in his delightful round.

—We were a noisy crew; the sun in heaven

Beheld not vales more beautiful than ours,

480

Nor saw a Band in happiness and joy

Richer, or worthier of the ground they trod.

I could record with no reluctant voice

The woods of Autumn, and their hazel bowers

With milk-white clusters hung; the rod and line,

485

True symbol of hope’s foolishness, whose strong

And unreproved enchantment led us on,

By rocks and pools shut out from every star

All the green summer, to forlorn cascades

Among the windings hid of mountain brooks.

490

—Unfading recollections! at this hour

The heart is almost mine with which I felt,

From some hill-top on sunny afternoons,

The paper-Kite, high among fleecy clouds,

Pull at her rein, like an impatient Courser;

495

Or, from the meadows sent on gusty days,

Beheld her breast the wind, then suddenly

The Prelude (1824–1829) 157

Dashed headlong, and rejected by the storm.

Ye lowly Cottages in which we dwelt,

A ministration of your own was yours!

500

Can I forget you, being as ye were

So beautiful among the pleasant fields

In which ye stood? or can I here forget

The plain and seemly countenance with which

Ye dealt out your plain Comforts? Yet had ye

505

Delights and exultations of your own.

Eager and never weary, we pursued

Our home-amusements by the warm peat-fire

At evening, when with pencil, and smooth slate

In square divisions parcelled out, and all

510

With crosses and with cyphers scribbled o’er,

We schemed and puzzled, head opposed to head,

In strife too humble to be named in verse;

Or round the naked table, snow-white deal,

Cherry, or maple, sate in close array,

515

And to the Combat, Lu or Whist, led on

A thick-ribbed Army, not as in the world

Neglected and ungratefully thrown by

Even for the very service they had wrought,

But husbanded through many a long campaign.

520

Uncouth assemblage was it, where no few

Had changed their functions; some, plebeian cards

Which Fate, beyond the promise of their birth,

Had dignified, and called to represent

The Persons of departed Pontentates.

525

Oh, with what echoes on the board they fell!

Ironic diamonds; Clubs, Hearts, Diamonds, Spades,

A congregation piteously akin!

Cheap matter offered they to boyish wit,

Those sooty Knaves, precipitated down

530

With scoffs and taunts like Vulcan out of heaven;

The paramount Ace, a moon in her eclipse,

Queens gleaming through their Splendor’s last decay,

And Monarchs surly at the wrongs sustained

By royal visages. Meanwhile abroad

535

Incessant rain was falling, or the frost

158 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Raged bitterly, with keen and silent tooth;

And, interrupting oft that eager game,

From under Esthwaite’s splitting fields of ice

The pent-up air, struggling to free itself,

540

Gave out to meadow-grounds and hills, a loud

Protracted yelling, like the noise of wolves

Howling in Troops along the Bothnic Main.

Nor, sedulous as I have been to trace

How Nature by extrinsic passion first

545

Peopled the mind with forms sublime or fair

And made me love them, may I here omit

How other pleasures have been mine, and joys

Of subtler origin; how I have felt,

Not seldom even in that tempestuous time,

550

Those hallowed and pure motions of the sense

Which seem, in their simplicity, to own

An intellectual charm;—that calm delight

Which, if I err not, surely must belong

To those first-born affinities that fit

555

Our new existence to existing things,

And, in our dawn of being, constitute

The bond of union between life and joy.

Yes, I remember when the changeful earth

And twice five summers on my mind had stamped

560

The faces of the moving year, even then

I held unconscious intercourse with beauty

Old as creation, drinking in a pure

Organic pleasure from the silver wreaths

Of curling mist, or from the level plain

565

Of waters, colored by impending clouds.

The sands of Westmorland, the creeks and bays

Of Cumbria’s rocky limits, they can tell

How, when the Sea threw off his evening shade,

And to the Shepherd’s hut on distant hills

570

Sent welcome notice of the rising moon,

How I have stood, to fancies such as these

A Stranger, linking with the Spectacle

No conscious memory of a kindred sight,

And bringing with me no peculiar sense

575

The Prelude (1824–1829) 159

Of quietness or peace, yet have I stood,

Even while mine eye hath moved o’er many a league

Of shining water, gathering, as it seemed,

Through every hair-breadth in that field of light,

New pleasure, like a bee among the flowers.

580

Thus oft amid those fits of vulgar joy

Which, through all seasons, on a Child’s pursuits

Are prompt Attendants; ’mid that giddy bliss

Which like a tempest works along the blood

And is forgotten: even then I felt

585

Gleams like the flashing of a shield,—the earth

And common face of Nature spake to me

Rememberable things; sometimes, ’tis true,

By chance collisions and quaint accidents

(Like those ill-sorted unions, work supposed

590

Of evil-minded fairies), yet not vain

Nor profitless, if haply they impressed

Collateral objects and appearances,

Albeit lifeless then, and doomed to sleep

Until maturer seasons called them forth

595

To impregnate and to elevate the mind.

—And, if the vulgar joy by its own weight

Wearied itself out of the memory,

The scenes which were a witness of that joy

Remained, in their substantial lineaments

600

Depicted on the brain, and to the eye

Were visible, a daily sight: and thus

By the impressive discipline of fear,

By pleasure and repeated happiness,

So frequently repeated, and by force

605

Of obscure feelings representative

Of things forgotten; these same scenes so bright,

So beautiful, so majestic in themselves,

Though yet the day was distant, did become

Habitually dear; and all their forms

610

And changeful colours by invisible links

Were fastened to the affections.

I began

My Story early, not misled, I trust,

160 The Poems of William Wordsworth

By an infirmity of love for days

Disowned by memory, fancying flowers where none,

615

Not even the sweetest, do or can survive

For him at least whose dawning day they cheered;

Nor will it seem to Thee, O Friend! so prompt

In sympathy, that I have lengthened out,

With fond and feeble tongue, a tedious tale.

620

Meanwhile, my hope has been, that I might fetch

Invigorating thoughts from former years;

Might fix the wavering balance of my mind,

And haply meet reproaches too, whose power

May spur me on, in manhood now mature,

625

To honorable toil. Yet should these hopes

Prove vain, and thus should neither I be taught

To understand myself, nor thou to know

With better knowledge how the heart was framed

Of him thou lovest, need I dread from thee

630

Harsh judgments, if the Song be loth to quit

Those recollected hours that have the charm

Of visionary things, those lovely forms

And sweet sensations that throw back our life,

And almost make remotest infancy

635

A visible scene, on which the sun is shining?

One end at least hath been attained—my mind

Hath been revived; and, if this genial mood

Desert me not, forthwith shall be brought down

Through later years the story of my life:

640

The road lies plain before me,—’tis a theme

Single, and of determined bounds; and hence

I chuse it rather, at this time, than work

Of ampler or more varied argument,

Where I might be discomfited and lost;

645

And certain hopes are with me that to thee

This labour will be welcome, honoured Friend!

BOOK SECOND

school-time continued

Thus far, O Friend! have we, though leaving much

Unvisited, endeavoured to retrace

The Prelude (1824–1829) 161

The simple ways in which my childhood walked,

Those chiefly, that first led me to the love

Of rivers, woods, and fields. The passion yet

5

Was in its birth, sustained, as might befal,

By nourishment that came unsought; for still,

From week to week, from month to month, we lived

A round of tumult. Duly were our games

Prolonged in summer till the day-light failed;

10

No chair remained before the doors, the bench

And threshold steps were empty; fast asleep

The Labourer, and the old Man who had sate,

A later Lingerer, yet the revelry

Continued, and the loud uproar; at last,

15

When all the ground was dark, and twinkling stars

Edged the black clouds, home and to bed we went,

Feverish, with weary joints and beating minds.

Ah! is there One who ever has been young

Nor needs a warning voice to tame the pride

20

Of intellect, and virtue’s self-esteem?

One is there, though the wisest and the best

Of all mankind, who covets not at times

Union that cannot be; who would not give,

If so he might, to duty and to truth

25

The eagerness of infantine desire?

A tranquillizing spirit presses now

On my corporeal frame, so wide appears

The vacancy between me and those days,

Which yet have such self-presence in my mind,

30

That, musing on them, often do I seem

Two consciousnesses, conscious of myself

And of some other Being. A rude mass

Of native rock, left midway in the Square

Of our small market Village, was the goal

35

Or centre of these sports; and, when, returned

After long absence, thither I repaired,

Gone was the old grey stone, and in its place

A smart Assembly-room usurped the ground

That had been ours. There let the fiddle scream,

40

And be ye happy! Yet, my Friends, I know

162 The Poems of William Wordsworth

That more than one of you will think with me

Of those soft starry nights, and that old Dame

From whom the Stone was named, who there had sate

And watched her table with its huckster’s wares

45

Assiduous, through the length of sixty years.

—We ran a boisterous course, the year span round

With giddy motion. But the time approached

That brought with it a regular desire

For calmer pleasures, when the winning forms

50

Of Nature were collaterally attached

To every scheme of holiday delight,

And every boyish sport, less grateful else

And languidly pursued.

When summer came,

Our pastime was, on bright half-holidays,

55

To sweep along the plain of Windermere

With rival oars; and the selected bourne

Was now an Island musical with birds

That sang and ceased not; now a sister isle,

Beneath the oaks’ umbrageous covert, sown

60

With lilies of the valley like a field;

And now a third small island, where survived,

In solitude, the ruins of a shrine

Once to our Lady dedicate, and served

Daily with chaunted rites. In such a race,

65

So ended, disappointment could be none,

Uneasiness, or pain, or jealousy;

We rested in the Shade, all pleased alike,

Conquered and Conqueror. Thus the pride of strength,

And the vain-glory of superior skill,

70

Were tempered, thus was gradually produced

A quiet independence of the heart:

And, to my Friend who knows me, I may add,

Fearless of blame, that hence, for future days,

Ensued a diffidence and modesty;

75

And I was taught to feel, perhaps too much,

The self-sufficing power of solitude.

Our daily meals were frugal, Sabine fare!

More than we wished we knew the blessing then

The Prelude (1824–1829) 163

Of vigorous hunger—hence corporeal strength

80

Unsapped by delicate viands; for, exclude

A little weekly stipend, and we lived

Through three divisions of the quartered year

In pennyless poverty. But now, to school

From the half-yearly holidays returned,

85

We came with weightier purses, that sufficed

To furnish treats more costly than the Dame

Of the old grey stone, from her scanty board, supplied.

Hence rustic dinners on the cool green ground,

Or in the woods, or by a river side,

90

Or shady fountains, while among the leaves

Soft airs were stirring, and the mid-day sun

Unfelt shone brightly round us in our joy.

Nor is my aim neglected if I tell

How sometimes, in the length of those half years,

95

We from our funds drew largely—proud to curb,

And eager to spur on, the gallopping Steed:

And with the cautious Inn-keeper, whose Stud

Supplied our want, we haply might employ

Sly subterfuges, if the Adventure’s bound

100

Were distant, some famed Temple where of yore

The Druids worshipped, or the antique Walls

Of that large Abbey which within the Vale

Of Nightshade, to St Mary’s honour built,

Stands yet, a mouldering Pile, with fractured arch,

105

Belfry, and Images, and living Trees;

A holy Scene!—Along the smooth green Turf

Our Horses grazed:—to more than inland peace

Left by the west wind sweeping overhead

From a tumultuous ocean, trees and towers

110

In that sequestered Valley may be seen

Both silent and both motionless alike;

Such the deep shelter that is there, and such

The safeguard for repose and quietness.

Our Steeds remounted, and the summons given,

115

With whip and spur we through the Chauntry flew

In uncouth race, and left the cross-legged Knight

And the Stone-abbot, and that single Wren

164 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Which one day sang so sweetly in the Nave

Of the old Church, that, though from recent Showers

120

The earth was comfortless, and, touched by faint

Internal breezes, sobbings of the place

And respirations, from the roofless walls

The shuddering ivy dripped large drops, yet still

So sweetly ’mid the gloom the invisible Bird

125

Sang to herself, that there I could have made

My dwelling-place, and lived for ever there

To hear such music. Through the Walls we flew,

And down the Valley, and, a circuit made

In wantonness of heart, through rough and smooth

130

We scampered homewards. Oh, ye rocks and streams,

And that still Spirit shed from evening air!

Even in this joyous time I sometimes felt

Your presence, when with slackened step we breathed

Along the sides of the steep hills, or when,

135

Lighted by gleams of moonlight from the sea,

We beat with thundering hoofs the level sand.

Midway on long Winander’s Eastern shore,

Within the crescent of a pleasant Bay,

A Tavern stood, no homely-featured House,

140

Primeval like its neighbouring Cottages;

But ’twas a splendid place, the door beset

With Chaises, Grooms, and Liveries,—and within

Decanters, Glasses, and the blood-red Wine.

In ancient times, or ere the Hall was built

145

On the large Island, had this Dwelling been

More worthy of a Poet’s love, a Hut

Proud of its one bright fire and sycamore shade.

But, though the rhymes were gone that once inscribed

The threshold, and large golden characters

150

Spread o’er the spangled sign-board had dislodged

The old Lion, and usurped his place in slight

And mockery of the rustic Painter’s hand,

Yet to this hour the spot to me is dear

With all its foolish pomp. The garden lay

155

Upon a slope surmounted by the plain

Of a small Bowling-green: beneath us stood

The Prelude (1824–1829) 165

A grove, with gleams of water through the trees

And over the tree-tops; nor did we want

Refreshment, strawberries, and mellow cream.

160

There, while through half an afternoon we played

On the smooth platform, whether skill prevailed

Or happy blunder triumphed, bursts of glee

Made all the mountains ring. But ere night-fall,

When in our pinnace we returned, at leisure

165

Over the shadowy Lake, and to the beach

Of some small Island steered our course with one,

The Minstrel of our Troop, and left him there,

And rowed off gently, while he blew his flute

Alone upon the rock,—Oh then the calm

170

And dead still water lay upon my mind

Even with a weight of pleasure, and the sky,

Never before so beautiful, sank down

Into my heart, and held me like a dream!

Thus were my sympathies enlarged, and thus

175

Daily the common range of visible things

Grew dear to me: already I began

To love the sun; a boy I loved the sun,

Not as I since have loved him, as a pledge

And surety of our earthly life, a light

180

Which we behold, and feel we are alive;

Nor for his bounty to so many worlds,

But for this cause, that I had seen him lay

His beauty on the morning hills, had seen

The western mountain touch his setting orb,

185

In many a thoughtless hour, when, from excess

Of happiness, my blood appear’d to flow

For its own pleasure, and I breathed with joy;

And from like feelings, humble though intense,

To patriotic and domestic love

190

Analogous, the moon to me was dear;

For I would dream away my purposes,

Standing to gaze upon her while she hung

Midway between the hills, as if she knew

No other region; but belonged to thee,

195

Yea, appertained by a peculiar right

166 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To thee, and thy grey huts, thou one dear Vale!

Those incidental charms which first attached

My heart to rural objects, day by day

Grew weaker, and I hasten on to tell

200

How Nature, intervenient till this time

And secondary, now at length was sought

For her own sake. But who shall parcel out

His intellect, by geometric rules,

Split like a province into round and square?

205

Who knows the individual hour in which

His habits were first sown, even as a seed?

Who that shall point, as with a wand, and say,

“This portion of the river of my mind

Came from yon fountain”? Thou, my friend! art one

210

More deeply read in thy own thoughts; to thee

Science appears but what in truth she is,

Not as our glory and our absolute boast,

But as a succedaneum, and a prop

To our infirmity. No officious slave

215

Art thou of that false secondary power

By which we multiply distinctions, then

Deem that our puny boundaries are things

That we perceive, and not that we have made.

To thee, unblinded by these formal arts,

220

The unity of all hath been revealed;

And thou wilt doubt with me, less aptly skilled

Than many are to range the faculties

In scale and order, class the cabinet

Of their sensations, and in voluble phrase

225

Run through the history and birth of each

As of a single independent thing.

Hard task, vain hope, to analyse the mind,

If each most obvious and particular thought,

Not in a mystical and idle sense,

230

But in the words of reason deeply weighed,

Hath no beginning.

Blest the infant Babe,

(For with my best conjecture I would trace

Our Being’s earthly progress) blest the Babe,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 167

Nursed in his Mother’s arms, who sinks to sleep

235

Rocked on his Mother’s breast; who, when his soul

Claims manifest kindred with a human soul,

Drinks in the feelings of his Mother’s eye!

For him, in one dear Presence, there exists

A virtue which irradiates and exalts

240

Objects through widest intercourse of sense.

No outcast he, bewildered and depressed;

Along his infant veins are interfused

The gravitation and the filial bond

Of nature that connect him with the world.

245

Is there a flower to which he points with hand

Too weak to gather it, already love

Drawn from love’s purest earthly fount for him

Hath beautified that flower; already shades

Of pity cast from inward tenderness

250

Do fall around him upon aught that bears

Unsightly marks of violence or harm.

Emphatically such a Being lives,

Frail Creature as he is, helpless as frail,

An inmate of this active universe.

255

For feeling has to him imparted power

That through the growing faculties of sense

Doth, like an Agent of the one great Mind,

Create, creator and receiver both,

Working but in alliance with the works

260

Which it beholds.—Such, verily, is the first

Poetic spirit of our human life,

By uniform control of after years

In most abated or suppressed, in some,

Through every change of growth and of decay,

265

Preeminent till death.

From early days,

Beginning not long after that first time

In which, a Babe, by intercourse of touch,

I held mute dialogues with my Mother’s heart,

I have endeavoured to display the means

270

Whereby this infant sensibility,

Great birth-right of our being, was in me

168 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Augmented and sustained. Yet is a path

More difficult before me, and I fear

That, in its broken windings, we shall need

275

The chamois’ sinews, and the eagle’s wing:

For now a trouble came into my mind

From unknown causes. I was left alone,

Seeking the visible world, nor knowing why.

The props of my affections were removed,

280

And yet the building stood, as if sustained

By its own spirit! All that I beheld

Was dear, and hence to finer influxes

The mind lay open, to a more exact

And close communion. Many are our joys

285

In youth, but Oh! what happiness to live

When every hour brings palpable access

Of knowledge, when all knowledge is delight,

And sorrow is not there! The seasons came,

And every season, wheresoe’er I moved,

290

Unfolded transitory qualities

Which, but for this most watchful power of love,

Had been neglected, left a register

Of permanent relations, else unknown.

Hence life, and change, and beauty; solitude

295

More active even than “best society,”

Society made sweet as solitude

By inward concords, silent, inobtrusive;

And gentle agitations of the mind

From manifold distinctions, difference

300

Perceived in things where, to the unwatchful eye,

No difference is, and hence, from the same source,

Sublimer joy: for I would walk alone

Under the quiet stars, and at that time

Have felt whate’er there is of power in sound

305

To breathe an elevated mood, by form

Or Image unprofaned: and I would stand,

If the night blackened with a coming storm,

Beneath some rock, listening to notes that are

The ghostly language of the ancient earth,

310

Or make their dim abode in distant winds.

The Prelude (1824–1829) 169

Thence did I drink the visionary power;

And deem not profitless those fleeting moods

Of shadowy exultation: not for this,

That they are kindred to our purer mind

315

And intellectual life; but that the soul,

Remembering how she felt, but what she felt

Remembering not, retains an obscure sense

Of possible sublimity, whereto

With growing faculties she doth aspire,

320

With faculties still growing, feeling still

That, whatsoever point they gain, they yet

Have something to pursue.

And not alone

’Mid gloom and tumult, but no less ’mid fair

And tranquil scenes, that universal power

325

And fitness in the latent qualities

And essences of things, by which the mind

Is moved with feelings of delight, to me

Came strengthened with a superadded soul,

A virtue not its own.—My morning walks

330

Were early;—oft before the hours of School

I travelled round our little Lake, five miles

Of pleasant wandering; happy time! more dear

For this, that One was by my side, a Friend

Then passionately loved; with heart how full

335

Would he peruse these lines! for many years

Have since flowed in between us, and, our minds

Both silent to each other, at this time

We live as if those hours had never been.

Nor seldom did I lift our Cottage latch

340

Far earlier, and ere one smoke-wreath had risen

From human dwelling, or the thrush, high perched,

Piped to the woods his shrill reveillè, sate

Alone upon some jutting eminence

At the first gleam of dawn-light, when the Vale,

345

Yet slumbering, lay in utter solitude.

How shall I seek the origin, where find

Faith in the marvellous things which then I felt?

Oft in those moments such a holy calm

170 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Would overspread my soul, that bodily eyes

350

Were utterly forgotten, and what I saw

Appeared like something in myself, a dream,

A prospect in the mind.

’Twere long to tell

What spring and autumn, what the winter snows,

And what the summer shade, what day and night,

355

Evening and morning, sleep and waking thought,

From sources inexhaustible, poured forth

To feed the spirit of religious love,

In which I walked with Nature. But let this

Be not forgotten, that I still retained

360

My first creative sensibility,

That by the regular action of the world

My soul was unsubdued. A plastic power

Abode with me, a forming hand, at times

Rebellious, acting in a devious mood,

365

A local Spirit of his own, at war

With general tendency, but, for the most,

Subservient strictly to external things

With which it communed. An auxiliar light

Came from my mind which on the setting sun

370

Bestowed new splendor; the melodious birds,

The fluttering breezes, fountains that ran on

Murmuring so sweetly in themselves, obeyed

A like dominion; and the midnight storm

Grew darker in the presence of my eye;

375

Hence my obeisance, my devotion hence,

And hence my transport.

Nor should this, perchance,

Pass unrecorded, that I still had loved

The exercise and produce of a toil

Than analytic industry to me

380

More pleasing, and whose character I deem

Is more poetic, as resembling more

Creative agency. The Song would speak

Of that interminable building reared

By observation of affinities

385

In objects where no brotherhood exists

The Prelude (1824–1829) 171

To passive minds. My seventeenth year was come;

And, whether from this habit rooted now

So deeply in my mind, or from excess

Of the great social principle of life

390

Coercing all things into sympathy,

To unorganic Natures were transferred

My own enjoyments; or the Power of truth,

Coming in revelation, did converse

With things that really are; I, at this time,

395

Saw blessings spread around me like a sea.

Thus while the days flew by and years passed on,

From Nature overflowing on my soul

I had received so much, that every thought

Was steeped in feeling; I was only then

400

Contented when with bliss ineffable

I felt the sentiment of Being spread

O’er all that moves, and all that seemeth still;

O’er all that, lost beyond the reach of thought

And human knowledge, to the human eye

405

Invisible, yet liveth to the heart;

O’er all that leaps, and runs, and shouts, and sings,

Or beats the gladsome air; o’er all that glides

Beneath the wave, yea, in the wave itself,

And mighty depth of waters. Wonder not

410

If high the transport, great the joy I felt,

Communing in this sort through earth and Heaven

With every form of Creature, as it looked

Towards the Uncreated with a countenance

Of adoration, with an eye of love.

415

One song they sang, and it was audible,

Most audible, then, when the fleshly ear,

O’ercome by humblest prelude of that strain,

Forgot her functions and slept undisturbed.

If this be error, and another faith

420

Find easier access to the pious mind,

Yet were I grossly destitute of all

Those human sentiments that make this earth

So dear, if I should fail with grateful voice

To speak of you, Ye Mountains, and Ye Lakes,

425

172 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And sounding Cataracts, Ye Mists and Winds

That dwell among the Hills where I was born.

If in my Youth I have been pure in heart,

If, mingling with the world, I am content

With my own modest pleasures, and have lived,

430

With God and Nature communing, removed

From little enmities and low desires,

The gift is yours: if in these times of fear,

This melancholy waste of hopes o’erthrown,

If, ’mid indifference and apathy

435

And wicked exultation, when good men,

On every side, fall off, we know not how,

To selfishness, disguised in gentle names

Of peace and quiet and domestic love,

Yet mingled, not unwillingly, with sneers

440

On visionary minds; if, in this time

Of dereliction and dismay, I yet

Despair not of our Nature, but retain

A more than Roman confidence, a faith

That fails not, in all sorrow my support,

445

The blessing of my life, the gift is yours,

Ye Winds and sounding Cataracts, ’tis yours,

Ye Mountains! thine, O Nature! Thou hast fed

My lofty speculations; and in thee,

For this uneasy heart of ours, I find

450

A never-failing principle of joy

And purest passion.

Thou, my Friend! wert reared

In the great City, ’mid far other scenes;

But we, by different roads, at length have gained

The self-same bourne. And for this cause to Thee

455

I speak, unapprehensive of contempt,

The insinuated scoff of coward tongues,

And all that silent language which so oft,

In conversation between Man and Man,

Blots from the human countenance all trace

460

Of beauty and of love. For Thou hast sought

The truth in solitude, and, since the days

That gave thee liberty, full long desired,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 173

To serve in Nature’s Temple, thou hast been

The most assiduous of her Ministers,

465

In many things my Brother, chiefly here

In this our deep devotion.

Fare Thee well!

Health, and the quiet of a healthful mind,

Attend Thee! seeking oft the haunts of Men,

And yet more often living with thyself

470

And for thyself, so haply shall thy days

Be many, and a blessing to mankind.

BOOK THIRD

residence at cambridge

It was a dreary Morning when the Wheels

Rolled over a wide plain o’erhung with clouds,

And nothing cheered our way till first we saw

The long-roof’d Chapel of King’s College lift

Turrets, and pinnacles in answering files

5

Extended high above a dusky grove.

Advancing, we espied upon the road

A Student, clothed in Gown and tasselled Cap,

Striding along, as if o’ertasked by Time

Or covetous of exercise and air.

10

He passed—nor was I Master of my eyes

Till he was left an arrow’s flight behind.

As near and nearer to the Spot we drew,

It seemed to suck us in with an eddy’s force;

Onward we drove beneath the Castle, caught,

15

While crossing Magdalene Bridge, a glimpse of Cam,

And at the Hoop alighted, famous Inn!

My Spirit was up, my thoughts were full of hope;

Some friends I had, acquaintances who there

Seemed friends, poor simple School-boys! now hung round

20

With honor and importance: in a world

Of welcome faces up and down I roved;

Questions, directions, warnings, and advice

Flowed in upon me, from all sides; fresh day

Of pride and pleasure! to myself I seemed

25

A man of business and expence, and went

174 The Poems of William Wordsworth

From shop to shop, about my own affairs,

To Tutor or to Tailor, as befel,

From street to street, with loose and careless mind.

I was the Dreamer, they the dream: I roamed

30

Delighted through the motley spectacle;

Gowns grave or gaudy, Doctors, Students, Streets,

Courts, Cloisters, flocks of Churches, gateways, towers.

Migration strange for a Stripling of the Hills,

A Northern Villager! As if the change

35

Had waited on some Fairy’s wand, at once

Behold me rich in monies; and attired

In splendid garb, with hose of silk, and hair

Powdered like rimy trees, when frost is keen.

My lordly dressing-gown, I pass it by,

40

With other signs of manhood that supplied

The lack of beard.— The weeks went roundly on

With invitations, suppers, wine and fruit,

Smooth housekeeping within, and all without

Liberal, and suiting Gentleman’s array!

45

The Evangelist St. John my Patron was;

Three gothic Courts are his, and in the first

Was my abiding-place, a nook obscure!

Right underneath, the College Kitchens made

A humming sound, less tuneable than bees,

50

But hardly less industrious; with shrill notes

Of sharp command and scolding intermixed.

Near me hung Trinity’s loquacious Clock,

Who never let the quarters, night or day,

Slip by him unproclaimed, and told the hours

55

Twice over, with a male and female voice.

Her pealing Organ was my neighbour too;

And from my pillow, looking forth by light

Of moon or favoring stars, I could behold

The Antechapel, where the Statue stood

60

Of Newton, with his prism, and silent face:

The marble index of a Mind for ever

Voyaging through strange seas of Thought, alone.

Of College labors, of the Lecturer’s room

All studded round, as thick as chairs could stand,

65

The Prelude (1824–1829) 175

With loyal Students faithful to their books,

Half-and-half Idlers, hardy Recusants,

And honest Dunces—of important days,

Examinations when the man was weighed

As in a balance! of excessive hopes,

70

Tremblings withal, and commendable fears;

Small jealousies, and triumphs good or bad,

Let others, that know more, speak as they know.

Such glory was but little sought by me

And little won. Yet, from the first crude days

75

Of settling time in this untried abode,

I was disturbed at times by prudent thoughts,

Wishing to hope, without a hope; some fears

About my future worldly maintenance;

And, more than all, a strangeness in the mind,

80

A feeling that I was not for that hour,

Nor for that place. But wherefore be cast down?

For (not to speak of Reason and her pure

Reflective acts to fix the moral law

Deep in the conscience; nor of Christian Hope

85

Bowing her head before her Sister Faith

As one far mightier), hither I had come,

Bear witness, Truth, endowed with holy powers

And faculties, whether to work or feel.

Oft when the dazzling shew no longer new

90

Had ceased to dazzle, ofttimes did I quit

My Comrades, leave the Crowd, buildings and groves,

And as I paced alone the level fields

Far from those lovely sights and sounds sublime

With which I had been conversant, the mind

95

Drooped not, but there into herself returning

With prompt rebound, seemed fresh as heretofore.

At least I more distinctly recognized

Her native instincts; let me dare to speak

A higher language, say that now I felt

100

What independent solaces were mine

To mitigate the injurious sway of place

Or circumstance, how far soever changed

In youth, or to be changed in manhood’s prime;

176 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Or, for the few who shall be called to look

105

On the long shadows, in our evening years,

Ordained Precursors to the night of death.

As if awakened, summoned, roused, constrained,

I looked for universal things, perused

The common countenance of earth and sky;

110

Earth no where unembellished by some trace

Of that first paradise whence man was driven;

And sky whose beauty and bounty are expressed

By the proud name she bears, the name of heaven.

I called on both to teach me what they might;

115

Or, turning the mind in upon herself,

Pored, watched, expected, listened, spread my thoughts

And spread them with a wider creeping; felt

Incumbencies more awful, visitings

Of the Upholder, of the tranquil Soul

120

That tolerates the indignities of Time;

And, from his centre of eternity

All finite motions overruling, lives

In glory immutable. But peace!—enough

Here to record I had ascended now

125

To such community with highest truth.

—A track pursuing, not untrod before,

From strict analogies by thought supplied,

Or consciousnesses not to be subdued,

To every natural form, rock, fruit or flower,

130

Even the loose stones that cover the high-way,

I gave a moral life; I saw them feel,

Or linked them to some feeling: the great mass

Lay bedded in a quickening soul, and all

That I beheld respired with inward meaning.

135

Add, that whate’er of Terror or of Love

Or Beauty, Nature’s daily face put on

From transitory passion, unto this

I was as sensitive as waters are

To the sky’s influence: in a kindred mood

140

Of passion, was obedient as a lute

That waits upon the touches of the wind.

Unknown, unthought of, yet I was most rich;

The Prelude (1824–1829) 177

I had a world about me; ’twas my own,

I made it; for it only lived to me,

145

And to the God who sees into the heart.

Such sympathies, though rarely, were betrayed

By outward gestures and by visible looks:

Some called it madness—so, indeed, it was,

If child-like fruitfulness in passing joy,

150

If steady moods of thoughtfulness, matured

To inspiration, sort with such a name;

If prophecy be madness; if things viewed

By Poets in old time, and higher up

By the first men, earth’s first inhabitants,

155

May in these tutored days no more be seen

With undisordered sight. But, leaving this,

It was no madness: for the bodily eye

Amid my strongest workings evermore

Was searching out the lines of difference

160

As they lie hid in all external forms,

Near or remote; minute or vast, an eye

Which from a tree, a stone, a withered leaf,

To the broad ocean, and the azure heavens

Spangled with kindred multitudes of Stars,

165

Could find no surface where its power might sleep;

Which spake perpetual logic to my Soul,

And by an unrelenting agency

Did bind my feelings, even as in a chain.

And here, O friend! have I retraced my life

170

Up to an eminence, and told a tale

Of matters which not falsely may be called

The glory of my Youth. Of genius, power,

Creation, and Divinity itself,

I have been speaking, for my theme has been

175

What passed within me. Not of outward things

Done visibly for other minds; words, signs,

Symbols, or actions, but of my own heart

Have I been speaking, and my youthful mind.

O Heavens! how awful is the might of Souls

180

And what they do within themselves, while yet

The yoke of earth is new to them, the world

178 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Nothing but a wild field where they were sown.

This is, in truth, heroic argument,

This genuine prowess, which I wished to touch

185

With hand however weak, but in the main

It lies far hidden from the reach of words.

Points have we, all of us, within our Souls,

Where all stand single: this I feel, and make

Breathings for incommunicable powers.

190

But is not each a memory to himself?

And, therefore, now that we must quit this theme,

I am not heartless; for there’s not a man

That lives who hath not known his god-like hours,

And feels not what an empire we inherit,

195

As natural Beings, in the strength of Nature.

No more:—for now into a populous plain

We must descend.—A Traveller I am

Whose tale is only of himself; even so,

So be it, if the pure of heart be prompt

200

To follow, and if Thou, O honored Friend!

Who in these thoughts art ever at my side,

Support, as heretofore, my fainting steps.

It hath been told, that when the first delight

That flashed upon me from this novel shew

205

Had failed, the mind returned into herself.

Yet true it is, that I had made a change

In climate, and my nature’s outward coat

Changed also slowly and insensibly.

Full oft the quiet and exalted thoughts

210

Of loneliness gave way to empty noise,

And superficial pastimes; now and then

Forced labor, and more frequently forced hopes;

And, worst of all, a treasonable growth

Of indecisive judgments, that impaired

215

And shook the mind’s simplicity.—And yet

This was a gladsome time. Could I behold—

Who, less insensible than sodden clay

In a sea-river’s bed at ebb of tide,

Could have beheld—with undelighted heart,

220

So many happy Youths, so wide and fair

The Prelude (1824–1829) 179

A congregation in its budding-time

Of health and hope and beauty; all at once

So many divers samples from the growth

Of life’s sweet season; could have seen unmoved

225

That miscellaneous garland of wild flowers

Decking the matron temples of a Place

So famous through the world? To me at least

It was a goodly prospect: for, in sooth,

Though I had learnt betimes to stand unpropped,

230

And independent musings pleased me so,

That spells seemed on me when I was alone;

Yet could I only cleave to Solitude

In lonely places; if a throng was near,

That way I leaned by nature; for my heart

235

Was social, and loved idleness and joy.

Not seeking those who might participate

My deeper pleasures (nay, I had not once,

Though not unused to mutter lonesome songs,

Even with myself divided such delight,

240

Or looked that way for aught that might be clothed

In human language), easily I passed

From the remembrances of better things,

And slipped into the ordinary works

Of careless youth, unburdened, unalarmed.

245

Caverns there were within my mind, which sun

Could never penetrate, yet did there not

Want store of leafy arbours where the light

Might enter in at will. Companionships,

Friendships, acquaintances, were welcome all;

250

We sauntered, played, or rioted, we talked

Unprofitable talk at morning hours,

Drifted about along the streets and walks,

Read lazily in trivial books, went forth

To gallop through the Country in blind zeal

255

Of senseless horsemanship, or on the breast

Of Cam sailed boisterously, and let the stars

Come forth, perhaps without one quiet thought.

Such was the tenor of the second act

In this new life. Imagination slept,

260

180 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And yet not utterly: I could not print

Ground where the grass had yielded to the steps

Of generations of illustrious men,

Unmoved; I could not always lightly pass

Through the same gateways, sleep where they had slept,

265

Wake where they waked, range that inclosure old,

That garden of great intellects, undisturbed.

Place also by the side of this dark sense

Of nobler feeling, that those spiritual men,

Even the great Newton’s own etherial Self,

270

Seemed humbled in these precincts, thence to be

The more endeared. Their several Memories here

(Even like their Persons in their portraits, clothed

With the accustomed garb of daily life)

Put on a lowly and a touching grace

275

Of more distinct humanity, that left

All genuine admiration unimpaired.

—Beside the pleasant Mill of Trompington

I laughed with Chaucer, in the hawthorn shade

Heard him, while birds were warbling, tell his tales

280

Of amorous passion. And that gentle Bard,

Chosen by the Muses for their Page of State,

Sweet Spenser, moving through his clouded Heaven

With the Moon’s beauty and the Moon’s soft pace,

I called him Brother, Englishman, and Friend!

285

Yea, our blind Poet, who, in his later day,

Stood almost single, uttering odious truth,

Darkness before and danger’s voice behind;

Soul awful—if the earth hath ever lodged

An awful Soul, I seemed to see him here

290

Familiarly, and in his Scholar’s dress

Bounding before me, yet a Stripling Youth,

A Boy, no better, with his rosy cheeks

Angelical, keen eye, courageous look,

And conscious step of purity and pride.

295

Among the Band of my Compeers was One

Whom Chance had stationed in the very Room

Honored by Milton’s Name. O temperate Bard!

Be it confest that, for the first time, seated

The Prelude (1824–1829) 181

Within thy innocent Lodge and Oratory,

300

One of a festive Circle, I poured out

Libations, to thy memory drank, till pride

And gratitude grew dizzy in a brain

Never excited by the fumes of wine

Before that hour, or since. Forth I ran,

305

From that assembly through a length of streets

Ran, Ostrich-like, to reach our Chapel door

In not a desperate or opprobrious time,

Albeit long after the importunate bell

Had stopped, with wearisome Cassandra voice

310

No longer haunting the dark winter night.

Call back, O Friend! a moment to thy mind

The place itself, and fashion of the Rites.

With careless ostentation shouldering up

My Surplice, through the inferior throng I clove

315

Of the plain Burghers, who in audience stood

On the last skirts of their permitted ground

Under the pealing Organ. Empty thoughts!

I am ashamed of them: and that great Bard

And Thou, O friend! who in thy ample mind

320

Hast placed me high above my best deserts,

Ye will forgive the weakness of that hour,

In some of its unworthy vanities

Brother to many more.

In this mixed sort

The months passed on, remissly, not given up

325

To wilful alienation from the right,

Or walks of open scandal, but in vague

And loose indifference, easy likings, aims

Of a low pitch,—duty and zeal dismissed,

Yet Nature, or a happy course of things,

330

Not doing, in their stead, the needful work.

The memory languidly revolved, the heart

Reposed in noontide rest; the inner pulse

Of contemplation almost failed to beat.

Such life might not inaptly be compared

335

To a floating island, an amphibious Spot

Unsound, of spungy texture, yet withal

182 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Not wanting a fair face of water weeds

And pleasant flowers.— The thirst of living praise,

Fit reverence for the glorious Dead, the Sight

340

Of those long Vistos, sacred Catacombs

Where mighty minds lie visibly entombed,

Have often stirred the heart of Youth, and bred

A fervent love of rigorous discipline.

Alas! such high emotion touched not me;

345

Look was there none within these walls to shame

My easy spirits, and discountenance

Their light composure, far less to instil

A calm resolve of mind, firmly addressed

To puissant efforts. Nor was this the blame

350

Of others, but my own: I should, in truth,

As far as doth concern my single self,

Misdeem most widely, lodging it elsewhere.—

For I, bred up ’mid Nature’s luxuries,

Was a spoiled Child; and rambling like the wind,

355

As I had done in daily intercourse

With those crystalline Rivers, solemn heights

And mountains;—ranging like a fowl of the air,

I was ill-tutored for captivity,

To quit my pleasure, and from month to month

360

Take up a station calmly on the perch

Of sedentary peace. Those lovely forms

Had also left less space within my mind,

Which, wrought upon instinctively, had found

A freshness in those objects of her love,

365

A winning power, beyond all other power.

Not that I slighted Books—that were to lack

All sense—but other passions in me ruled,

Passions more fervent, making me less prompt

To in-door study than was wise or well,

370

Or suited to those years. Yet I, though used

In magisterial liberty to rove—

Culling such flowers of Learning as might tempt

A random choice—could shadow forth a Place

(If now I yield not to a flattering dream)

375

Whose studious aspect should have bent me down

The Prelude (1824–1829) 183

To instantaneous service, should at once

Have made me pay to science and to arts,

And written lore, acknowledged my liege lord,

A homage frankly offered up, like that

380

Which I had paid to Nature. Toil and pains,

In this Recess by thoughtful Fancy built,

Should spread from heart to heart; and stately groves,

Majestic edifices, should not want

A corresponding dignity within.

385

The congregating temper, that pervades

Our unripe years, not wasted, should be taught

To minister to works of high attempt,

Works which the enthusiast would perform with love.

Youth should be awed, religiously possessed

390

With a conviction of the power that waits

On knowledge, when sincerely sought and prized

For its own sake, on glory and on praise

If but by labor won, and fit to endure.

The passing day should learn to put aside

395

Her trappings here, should strip them off abashed

Before antiquity and stedfast truth

And strong book-mindedness; and over all

A healthy sound simplicity should reign,

A seemly plainness, name it what you will,

400

Republican or pious.

If these thoughts

Are a gratuitous emblazonry

That mocks the recreant age we live in, then

Be Folly and False-seeming free to affect

Whatever formal gait of discipline

405

Shall raise them highest in their own esteem;

Let them parade among the Schools at will;

But spare the house of God. Was ever known

The witless Shepherd who persists to drive

A flock that thirsts not to a pool disliked?

410

A weight must surely hang on days begun

And ended with such mockery. Be wise,

Ye Presidents, and Deans, and till the spirit

Of ancient Times revive, and Youth be trained

184 The Poems of William Wordsworth

At home in pious service, to your bells

415

Give seasonable rest, for ’tis a sound

Hollow as ever vexed the tranquil air;

And your officious doings bring disgrace

On the plain Steeples of our English Church,

Whose worship, ’mid remotest Village trees,

420

Suffers for this. Even Science, too, at hand,

In daily sight of this irreverence,

Is smitten thence with an unnatural taint,

Loses her just authority, falls beneath

Collateral suspicion, else unknown.

425

This truth escaped me not, and I confess

That, having ’mid my native hills given loose

To a school-boy’s vision, I had raised a pile

Upon the basis of the coming time,

That fell in ruins round me. Oh! what joy

430

To see a Sanctuary for our Country’s Youth,

Informed with such a spirit as might be

Its own protection; a primeval grove

Where, though the shades with chearfulness were filled,

Nor indigent of songs warbled from crowds

435

In under-coverts, yet the countenance

Of the whole Place should wear a stamp of awe:

A habitation sober and demure

For ruminating Creatures; a domain

For quiet things to wander in; a haunt

440

In which the heron should delight to feed

By the shy rivers, and the Pelican

Upon the Cypress spire in lonely thought

Might sit and sun himself. Alas! Alas!

In vain for such solemnity I looked;

445

Mine eyes were crossed by butterflies, ears vexed

By chattering Popinjays; the inner heart

Seemed trivial, and the impresses without

Of a too gaudy region.

Different sight

Those venerable Doctors saw of old,

450

When all who dwelt within these famous Walls

Led in abstemiousness a studious life:

The Prelude (1824–1829) 185

When, in forlorn and naked chambers, cooped

And crowded, o’er their ponderous books they hung,

Like catterpillers eating out their way

455

In silence, or with keen devouring noise

Not to be tracked or fathered. Princes then

At matins froze, and couched at curfew-time,

Trained up through piety and zeal to prize

Spare diet, patient labor, and plain weeds.

460

O Seat of Arts! renowned throughout the world!

Far different service in those homely days

The Muses’ modest Nurslings underwent

From their first childhood: in that glorious time

When Learning, like a Stranger come from far,

465

Sounding through Christian lands her Trumpet, roused

Peasant and King, when Boys and Youths, the growth

Of ragged villages and crazy huts,

Forsook their homes; and, errant in the quest

Of Patron, famous School, or friendly nook,

470

Where, pensioned, they in shelter might sit down,

From town to town, and through wide-scattered realms,

Journeyed with ponderous folios in their hands;

And often, starting from some covert place,

Saluted the chance Comer in the road,

475

Crying, “an obolus, a penny give

To a poor Scholar”: when illustrious Men,

Lovers of truth, by penury constrained,

Bucer, Erasmus, or Melancthon, read

Before the doors or windows of their cells

480

By moonshine, through mere lack of taper light.

But peace to vain regrets! we see but darkly

Even when we look behind us; and best things

Are not so pure by nature that they needs

Must keep to all, as fondly all believe,

485

Their highest promise. If the Mariner,

When at reluctant distance he hath passed

Some tempting Island, could but know the ills

That must have fallen upon him, had he brought

His bark to land upon the wished-for shore,

490

Good cause would oft be his to thank the surf

186 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Whose white belt scared him thence, or wind that blew

Inexorably adverse! for myself

I grieve not; happy is the gowned Youth

Who only misses what I missed, who falls

495

No lower than I fell.

I did not love,

Judging not ill perhaps, the timid course

Of our scholastic studies, could have wished

To see the river flow with ampler range

And freer pace; but more, far more, I grieved

500

To see displayed, among an eager few

Who in the field of contest persevered,

Passions unworthy of Youth’s generous heart

And mounting spirit, pitiably repaid,

When so disturbed, whatever palms are won.

505

From these I turned to travel with the shoal

Of more unthinking Natures—easy Minds

And pillowy, yet not wanting love that makes

The day pass lightly on, when foresight sleeps

And wisdom, and the pledges interchanged

510

With our own inner being are forgot.

Yet was this deep vacation not given up

To utter waste. Hitherto I had stood

In my own mind remote from social life,

At least from what we commonly so name,

515

Like a lone shepherd on a promontory,

Who, lacking occupation, looks far forth

Into the boundless sea, and rather makes

Than finds what he beholds. And sure it is

That this first transit from the smooth delights

520

And wild outlandish walks of simple Youth

To something that resembled an approach

Towards human business; to a privileged world

Within a world, a midway residence

With all its intervenient imagery,

525

Did better suit my visionary mind,

Far better, than to have been bolted forth,

Thrust out abruptly into Fortune’s way,

Among the conflicts of substantial life;

The Prelude (1824–1829) 187

By a more just gradation did lead on

530

To higher things, more naturally matured,

For permanent possession, better fruits,

Whether of truth or virtue, to ensue.

In serious mood, but oftener, I confess,

With playful zest of fancy, did we note

535

(How could we less?) the manners and the ways

Of those who lived distinguished by the badge

Of good or ill report; or those with whom,

By frame of academic discipline,

We were perforce connected, men whose sway

540

And known authority of office served

To set our minds on edge, and did no more.

Nor wanted we rich pastime of this kind,

Found every where; but chiefly in the ring

Of the grave Elders—Men unscoured, grotesque

545

In character; tricked out like aged trees

Which, through the lapse of their infirmity,

Give ready place to any random seed

That chuses to be reared upon their trunks.

Here, on my view, confronting vividly

550

Those shepherd swains whom I had lately left,

Appeared a different aspect of old age;

How different! yet both distinctly marked,

Objects embossed, to catch the general eye,

Or portraitures for special use designed,

555

As some might seem, so aptly do they serve

To illustrate Nature’s book of rudiments,

That book upheld as with maternal care

When she would enter on her tender scheme

Of teaching comprehension with delight

560

And mingling playful with pathetic thoughts.

The surfaces of artificial life

And manners finely wrought, the delicate race

Of colours, lurking, gleaming up and down

Through that state arras woven with silk and gold;

565

This wily interchange of snaky hues,

Willingly or unwillingly revealed,

I neither knew nor cared for; and, as such

188 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Were wanting here, I took what might be found

Of less elaborate fabric. At this day

570

I smile in many a mountain Solitude,

Conjuring up scenes as obsolete in freaks

Of character, in points of wit as broad,

As aught by wooden Images performed

For entertainment of the gaping crowd

575

At Wake or fair. And oftentimes do flit

Remembrances before me of Old Men,

Old Humorists who have been long in their graves,

And, having almost in my mind put off

Their human names, have into Phantoms passed

580

Of texture midway between life and books.

I play the Loiterer; ’tis enough to note

That here, in dwarf proportions, were expressed

The limbs of the great world, its eager strifes

Collaterally pourtrayed, as in mock fight;

585

A Tournament of blows, some hardly dealt

Though short of mortal combat; and whate’er

Might in this pageant be supposed to hit

An artless rustic’s notice, this way less,

More that way, was not wasted upon me.

590

—And yet the spectacle may well demand

A more substantial name, no mimic shew,

Itself a living part of a live whole,

A creek in the vast sea;—for all degrees

And shapes of spurious fame and short-lived praise

595

Here sate in state, and fed with daily alms

Retainers won away from solid good;

And here was Labor his own bondslave—Hope

That never set the pains against the prize;

Idleness, halting with his weary clog;

600

And poor misguided Shame, and witless Fear,

And simple Pleasure foraging for Death;

Honor misplaced, and Dignity astray;

Feuds, factions, flatteries, enmity, and guile;

Murmuring Submission, and bald Government;

605

The Idol weak as the Idolater;

And Decency and Custom starving Truth;

The Prelude (1824–1829) 189

And blind Authority beating with his staff

The Child that might have led him; Emptiness

Followed as of good omen; and meek Worth

610

Left to Herself, unheard of and unknown.

Of these and other kindred notices

I cannot say what portion is in truth

The naked recollection of that time,

And what may rather have been called to life

615

By after-meditation. But delight,

That, in an easy temper lulled asleep,

Is still with innocence its own reward,

This was not wanting. Carelessly I roamed

As through a wide Museum, from whose stores

620

A casual rarity is singled out,

And has its brief perusal, then gives way

To others, all supplanted in their turn;

Till ’mid this crowded neighbourhood of things

That are, by nature, most unneighbourly,

625

The head turns round—and cannot right itself;

And though an aching and a barren sense

Of gay confusion still be uppermost,

With few wise longings and but little love,

Yet to the memory something cleaves at last,

630

Whence profit may be drawn in times to come.

Thus in submissive idleness, my Friend,

The laboring time of Autumn, Winter, Spring,

Eight months! rolled pleasingly away,—the ninth

Came and returned me to my native hills.

635

BOOK FOURTH

summer vacation

Bright was the summer’s noon when quick’ning steps

Followed each other till a dreary moor

Was crossed, a bare ridge clomb, upon whose top

Standing alone, as from a rampart’s edge

I overlooked the bed of Windermere

5

Like a vast river stretching in the sun!

With exultation at my feet I saw

Lake, islands, promontories, gleaming bays,

190 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A universe of Nature’s fairest forms

Proudly revealed with instantaneous burst,

10

Magnificent and beautiful and gay.

I bounded down the hill, shouting amain

For the old Ferryman—to the shout the rocks

Replied, and when the Charon of the flood

Had staid his oars and touched the jutting pier

15

I did not step into the well-known boat

Without a cordial greeting. Thence, with speed

Up the familiar hill I took my way

Towards that sweet valley where I had been reared.

’Twas but a short hour’s walk ere, veering round,

20

I saw the snow-white Church upon her hill

Sit like a thronèd Lady, sending out

A gracious look all over her domain.

Yon azure smoke betrays the lurking Town;

With eager footsteps I advance, and reach

25

The Cottage threshold where my journey closed.

Glad welcome had I, with some tears, perhaps,

From my old Dame, so kind, and motherly!

While she perused me with a Parent’s pride.

The thoughts of gratitude shall fall like dew

30

Upon thy grave, good Creature! while my heart

Can beat, never will I forget thy name.

Heaven’s blessing be upon thee where thou liest,

After thy innocent and busy stir

In narrow cares, thy little daily growth

35

Of calm enjoyments; after eighty years,

And more than eighty, of untroubled life,

Childless, yet by the strangers to thy blood

Honored with little less than filial love.

What joy was mine to see thee once again,

40

Thee and thy dwelling; and a crowd of things

About its narrow precincts, all beloved,

And many of them seeming yet my own!

Why should I speak of what a thousand hearts

Have felt, and every man alive can guess?

45

The rooms, the court, the garden were not left

Long unsaluted, nor the sunny seat

The Prelude (1824–1829) 191

Round the stone table, under the dark Pine,

Friendly to studious or to festive hours;

Nor that unruly Child, of mountain birth,

50

The froward Brook—who, soon as he was boxed

Within our Garden, found himself at once,

As if by trick insidious and unkind,

Stripped of his voice, and left to dimple down

(Without an effort, and without a will)

55

A channel pav’d by Man’s officious care.

I looked at him and smiled, and smiled again,

And, in the press of twenty thousand thoughts,

“Ha!” quoth I, “pretty Prisoner, are you there?”

Well might sarcastic Fancy then have whispered,

60

“An emblem here behold of thy own life

In its late course of even days, with all

Their smooth enthralment”—but the heart was full,

Too full for that reproach. My aged Dame

Walked proudly at my side; She guided me,

65

I willing, nay—nay—wishing to be led.

—The face of every neighbour whom I met

Was like a volume to me; some were hailed

Upon the road—some, busy at their work;

Unceremonious greetings, interchanged

70

With half the length of a long field between.

Among my Schoolfellows I scattered round

Like recognitions, but with some constraint

Attended, doubtless from a little pride,

But with more shame, for my habiliments,

75

The transformation wrought by gay attire.

Not less delighted did I take my place

At our domestic table; and, dear Friend!

In this endeavour simply to relate

A Poet’s history, may I leave untold

80

The thankfulness with which I laid me down

In my accustomed bed, more welcome now,

Perhaps, than if it had been more desired,

Or been more often thought of with regret?—

That lowly bed, whence I had heard the wind

85

Roar, and the rain beat hard; where I so oft

192 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Had lain awake, on summer nights, to watch

The moon in splendor couched among the leaves

Of a tall Ash, that near our Cottage stood;

Had watched her with fixed eyes while to and fro,

90

In the dark summit of the waving tree,

She rocked, with every impulse of the breeze.

Among the favorites whom it pleased me well

To see again, was one, by ancient right

Our Inmate, a rough terrier of the hills,

95

By birth and call of nature pre-ordained

To hunt the badger, and unearth the fox,

Among the impervious crags; but having been

From youth our own adopted, he had passed

Into a gentler service. And when first

100

The boyish spirit flagged, and day by day

Along my veins I kindled with the stir,

The fermentation and the vernal heat

Of poesy, affecting private shades

Like a sick lover, then this Dog was used

105

To watch me, an attendant and a friend

Obsequious to my steps, early and late,

Though often of such dilatory walk

Tired, and uneasy at the halts I made.

A hundred times when, roving high and low,

110

I have been harrassed with the toil of verse,

Much pains and little progress, and at once

Some lovely Image in the Song rose up

Full-formed, like Venus rising from the Sea;

Then have I darted forwards and let loose

115

My hand upon his back, with stormy joy;

Caressing him again, and yet again.

And when at evening on the public Way

I sauntered, like a river murmuring

And talking to itself, when all things else

120

Are still, the Creature trotted on before—

Such was his custom; but whene’er he met

A passenger approaching, he would turn

To give me timely notice; and, straitway,

Grateful for that admonishment, I hushed

125

The Prelude (1824–1829) 193

My voice, composed my gait, and with the air

And mien of one whose thoughts are free, advanced

To give and take a greeting, that might save

My name from piteous rumours, such as wait

On men suspected to be crazed in brain.

130

Those walks, well worthy to be prized and loved,

Regretted! that word too was on my tongue,

But they were richly laden with all good,

And cannot be remembered but with thanks

And gratitude, and perfect joy of heart;

135

Those walks, in all their freshness, now came back,

Like a returning Spring. When first I made

Once more the circuit of our little Lake,

If ever happiness hath lodged with man,

That day consummate happiness was mine,

140

Wide-spreading, steady, calm, contemplative.

The sun was set, or setting, when I left

Our cottage door, and evening soon brought on

A sober hour,—not winning or serene,

For cold and raw the air was, and untuned:

145

But as a face we love is sweetest then

When sorrow damps it; or, whatever look

It chance to wear, is sweetest if the heart

Have fulness in herself, even so with me

It fared that evening. Gently did my Soul

150

Put off her veil, and, self-transmuted, stood

Naked, as in the presence of her God.

While on I walked, a comfort seemed to touch

A heart that had not been disconsolate;

Strength came where weakness was not known to be,

155

At least not felt; and restoration came,

Like an intruder, knocking at the door

Of unacknowledged weariness. I took

The balance, and with firm hand weighed myself.

—Of that external scene which round me lay

160

Little, in this abstraction, did I see,

Remembered less; but I had inward hopes

And swellings of the Spirit: was rapt and soothed,

Conversed with promises; had glimmering views

194 The Poems of William Wordsworth

How life pervades the undecaying mind,

165

How the immortal Soul with God-like power

Informs, creates, and thaws the deepest sleep

That time can lay upon her; how on earth,

Man, if he do but live within the light

Of high endeavours, daily spreads abroad

170

His being armed with strength that cannot fail.

Nor was there want of milder thoughts, of love,

Of innocence, and holiday repose;

And more than pastoral quiet ’mid the stir

Of boldest projects; and a peaceful end

175

At last, or glorious, by endurance won.

Thus musing, in a wood I sate me down,

Alone, continuing there to muse; the slopes

And heights, meanwhile, were slowly overspread

With darkness; and before a rippling breeze

180

The long lake lengthened out its hoary line:

And in the sheltered coppice where I sate,

Around me from among the hazel leaves,

Now here, now there, moved by the straggling wind,

Came ever and anon a breath-like sound,

185

Quick as the pantings of the faithful Dog,

The off and on Companion of my walk;

And such, at times, believing them to be,

I turned my head, to look if he were there;

Then into solemn thought I passed once more.

190

A freshness also found I at this time

In human Life, the daily life of those

Whose occupations really I loved.

The peaceful scene oft filled me with surprize,

Changed like a garden in the heat of Spring

195

After an eight-days’ absence. For (to omit

The things which were the same, and yet appeared

Far otherwise) amid this rural Solitude,

(A narrow Vale where each was known to all)

’Twas not indifferent, to a youthful mind,

200

To mark some sheltering bower or sunny nook,

Where an old Man had used to sit alone,

Now vacant,—pale-faced Babes, whom I had left

The Prelude (1824–1829) 195

In arms, now rosy Prattlers, at the feet

Of a pleased Grandame, tottering up and down:

205

And growing girls, whose beauty, filched away

With all its pleasant promises, was gone

To deck some slighted Playmate’s homely cheek.

—Yes, I had something of a subtler sense,

And often, looking round, was moved to smiles,

210

Such as a delicate Work of humor breeds.

I read, without design, the opinions, thoughts,

Of those plain-living people, now observed

With clearer knowledge; with another eye

I saw the quiet Woodman in the woods,

215

The Shepherd roam the hills. With new delight,

This chiefly, did I note my gray-haired Dame,

Saw her go forth to Church, or other work

Of state, equipped in monumental trim,

Short velvet cloak (her bonnet of the like),

220

A mantle such as Spanish Cavaliers

Wore in old time. Her smooth domestic life,

Affectionate without disquietude,

Her talk, her business, pleased me; and no less

Her clear, though shallow, stream of piety,

225

That ran on Sabbath days a fresher course.

With thoughts, unfelt till now, I saw her read

Her Bible, on hot Sunday afternoons;

And loved the book, when she had dropped asleep

And made of it a pillow for her head.

230

Nor less do I remember to have felt,

Distinctly manifested at this time,

A human-heartedness about my love

For objects, hitherto the absolute wealth

Of my own private being, and no more;

235

Which I had loved, even as a blessed Spirit,

Or Angel, if he were to dwell on earth,

Might love, in individual happiness.

But now there opened on me other thoughts,

Of change, congratulation, or regret—

240

A pensive feeling! It spread far and wide;

The trees, the mountains shared it, and the brooks;

196 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The stars of heaven, now seen in their old haunts,

White Sirius, glittering o’er the southern crags,

Orion with his belt, and those fair Seven,

245

Acquaintances of every little Child,

And Jupiter, my own beloved Star!

Whatever shadings of mortality,

Whatever imports from the world of death

Had come among these objects heretofore,

250

Were, in the main, of mood less tender:—strong,

Deep, gloomy were they, and severe; the scatterings

Of awe, or tremulous dread, that had given way,

In later youth, to yearnings of a love

Enthusiastic, to delight and hope.

255

As one who hangs down-bending from the side

Of a slow-moving boat, upon the breast

Of a still water, solacing himself

With such discoveries as his eye can make,

Beneath him, in the bottom of the deep,

260

Sees many beauteous sights, weeds, fishes, flowers,

Grots, pebbles, roots of trees, and fancies more;

Yet often is perplexed, and cannot part

The shadow from the substance, rocks and sky,

Mountains and clouds reflected in the depth

265

Of the clear flood, from things which there abide

In their true Dwelling: now is crossed by gleam

Of his own image, by a sun-beam now,

And wavering motions, sent he knows not whence,

Impediments that make his task more sweet—

270

Such pleasant office have we long pursued,

Incumbent o’er the surface of past time,

With like success, nor often have appeared

Shapes fairer, or less doubtfully discerned

Than these to which the Tale, indulgent Friend!

275

Would now direct thy notice. Yet in spite

Of pleasure won and knowledge not withheld,

There was an inner falling-off. I loved,

Loved deeply, all that had been loved before,

More deeply even than ever: but a swarm

280

Of heady schemes, jostling each other, gawds,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 197

And feast, and dance, and public revelry;

And sports, and games (too grateful in themselves,

Yet in themselves less grateful, I believe,

Than as they were a badge, glossy and fresh,

285

Of manliness and freedom) all conspired

To lure my mind from firm habitual quest

Of feeding pleasures; to depress the zeal

And damp those daily yearnings which had once been mine—

A wild unworldly-minded youth, given up

290

To his own eager thoughts. It would demand

Some skill, and longer time than may be spared,

To paint these vanities, and how they wrought

In haunts where they, till now, had been unknown.

It seemed the very garments that I wore

295

Preyed on my strength, and stopped the quiet stream

Of self-forgetfulness.

Yes, that heartless chase

Of trivial pleasures was a poor exchange

For books and nature at that early age.

’Tis true some casual knowledge might be gained

300

Of character or life; but at that time,

Of manners put to School I took small note;

And all my deeper passions lay elsewhere.

Far better had it been to exalt the mind

By solitary Study; to uphold

305

Intense desire through meditative peace.

And yet, for chastisement of these regrets,

The memory of one particular hour

Doth here rise up against me.—’Mid a throng

Of Maids and Youths, old Men and Matrons staid,

310

A medley of all tempers, I had passed

The night in dancing, gaiety, and mirth;

With din of instruments, and shuffling feet,

And glancing forms, and tapers glittering,

And unaimed prattle flying up and down—

315

Spirits upon the stretch, and here and there

Slight shocks of young love-liking interspersed,

Whose transient pleasure mounted to the head,

And tingled through the veins. Ere we retired

198 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The cock had crowed; and now the eastern sky

320

Was kindling, not unseen from humble copse

And open field through which the pathway wound

That homeward led my steps. Magnificent

The Morning rose, in memorable pomp,

Glorious as e’er I had beheld; in front

325

The Sea lay laughing at a distance;—near,

The solid mountains shone bright as the clouds,

Grain-tinctured, drenched in empyrean light:

And, in the meadows and the lower grounds,

Was all the sweetness of a common dawn;

330

Dews, vapours, and the melody of birds;

And Labourers going forth to till the fields.

Ah! need I say, dear Friend, that to the brim

My heart was full: I made no vows, but vows

Were then made for me; bond unknown to me

335

Was given, that I should be, else sinning greatly,

A dedicated Spirit. On I walked

In thankful blessedness which yet survives.

Strange rendezvous my mind was at that time,

A party-colored shew of grave and gay,

340

Solid and light, short-sighted and profound;

Of inconsiderate habits and sedate,

Consorting in one mansion, unreproved.

The worth I knew of powers that I possessed,

Though slighted and too oft misused. Besides,

345

That summer, swarming as it did with thoughts

Transient and idle, lacked not intervals

When Folly from the frown of fleeting Time

Shrunk, and the Mind experienced in herself

Conformity as just as that of old

350

To the end and written spirit of God’s works,

Whether held forth in Nature or in Man,

Through pregnant vision, separate or conjoined.

When from our better selves we have too long

Been parted by the hurrying world, and droop,

355

Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired,

How gracious, how benign is Solitude!

How potent a mere image of her sway!

The Prelude (1824–1829) 199

Most potent when impressed upon the mind

With an appropriate human centre—Hermit

360

Deep in the bosom of the Wilderness;

Votary (in vast Cathedral, where no foot

Is treading and no other face is seen)

Kneeling at prayer; or Watchman on the top

Of Lighthouse beaten by Atlantic Waves;

365

Or as the soul of that great Power is met

Sometimes embodied on a public road,

When, for the night deserted, it assumes

A character of quiet more profound

Than pathless Wastes.

Once, when those summer Months

370

Were flown, and Autumn brought its annual shew

Of oars with oars contending, sails with sails,

Upon Winander’s spacious breast, it chanced

That—after I had left a flower-decked room

(Whose in-door pastime, lighted-up, survived

375

To a late hour) and spirits overwrought

Were making night do penance for a day

Spent in a round of strenuous idleness—

My homeward course led up a long ascent

Where the road’s watery surface, to the top

380

Of that sharp rising, glittered to the moon

And bore the semblance of another stream

Stealing with silent lapse to join the brook

That murmured in the Vale. All else was still;

No living thing appeared in earth or air,

385

And, save the flowing Water’s peaceful voice,

Sound was there none: but lo! an uncouth shape

Shewn by a sudden turning of the road,

So near, that, slipping back into the shade

Of a thick hawthorn, I could mark him well,

390

Myself unseen. He was of stature tall,

A span above man’s common measure tall,

Stiff, lank, and upright;—a more meagre man

Was never seen before by night or day.

Long were his arms, pallid his hands;—his mouth

395

Looked ghastly in the moonlight. From behind,

200 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A mile-stone propped him; I could also ken

That he was clothed in military garb,

Though faded, yet entire. Companionless,

No dog attending, by no staff sustained

400

He stood; and in his very dress appeared

A desolation, a simplicity

To which the trappings of a gaudy world

Make a strange background. From his lips erelong

Issued low muttered sounds, as if of pain

405

Or some uneasy thought; yet still his form

Kept the same awful steadiness;—at his feet

His shadow lay and moved not. From self-blame

Not wholly free, I watched him thus; at length

Subduing my heart’s specious cowardice,

410

I left the shady nook where I had stood,

And hailed him. Slowly, from his resting-place

He rose; and, with a lean and wasted arm

In measured gesture lifted to his head,

Returned my salutation: then resumed

415

His station as before; and when I asked

His history, the Veteran, in reply,

Was neither slow nor eager; but, unmoved,

And with a quiet uncomplaining voice,

A stately air of mild indifference,

420

He told, in few plain words, a Soldier’s tale—

That in the Tropic Islands he had served,

Whence he had landed, scarcely three weeks past,

That on his landing he had been dismissed,

And now was travelling towards his native home.

425

This heard, I said in pity, “Come with me.”

He stooped, and straightway from the ground took up

An oaken staff, by me yet unobserved—

A staff which must have dropped from his slack hand

And lay till now neglected in the grass.

430

Though weak his step and cautious, he appeared

To travel without pain, and I beheld,

With an astonishment but ill suppressed,

His ghastly figure moving at my side;

Nor could I, while we journeyed thus, forbear

435

The Prelude (1824–1829) 201

To turn from present hardships to the past,

And speak of war, battle, and pestilence,

Sprinkling this talk with questions, better spared,

On what he might himself have seen or felt.

He all the while was in demeanour calm,

440

Concise in answer; solemn and sublime

He might have seemed, but that in all he said

There was a strange half-absence, as of one

Knowing too well the importance of his theme,

But feeling it no longer. Our discourse

445

Soon ended, and together on we passed,

In silence, through a wood, gloomy and still.

Up-turning then along an open field,

We reached a Cottage. At the door I knocked,

And earnestly to charitable care

450

Commended him, as a poor friendless Man

Belated, and by sickness overcome.

Assured that now the Traveller would repose

In comfort, I entreated, that henceforth

He would not linger in the public ways,

455

But ask for timely furtherance and help,

Such as his state required.—At this reproof,

With the same ghastly mildness in his look,

He said, “My trust is in the God of Heaven,

And in the eye of him who passes me.”

460

The Cottage door was speedily unbarred,

And now the Soldier touched his hat once more

With his lean hand; and, in a faltering voice

Whose tone bespake reviving interests

Till then unfelt, he thanked me; I returned

465

The farewell blessing of the patient Man,

And so we parted. Back I cast a look,

And lingered near the door a little space;

Then sought with quiet heart my distant home.

This passed, and He who deigns to mark with care

470

By what rules governed, with what end in view

This Work proceeds, he will not wish for more.

202 The Poems of William Wordsworth

BOOK FIFTH

books

When Contemplation, like the night-calm felt

Through earth and sky, spreads widely, and sends deep

Into the Soul its tranquillizing power,

Even then I sometimes grieve for thee, O Man,

Earth’s paramount Creature! not so much for woes

5

That thou endurest; heavy though that weight be,

Cloud-like it mounts, or touched with light divine

Doth melt away; but for those palms achieved

Through length of time, by patient exercise

Of study and hard thought—there, there it is

10

That sadness finds its fuel. Hitherto,

In progress through this Work, my mind hath looked

Upon the speaking face of earth and heaven

As her prime Teacher, intercourse with man

Established by the sovereign Intellect

15

Who through that bodily Image hath diffused,

As might appear to the eye of fleeting Time,

A deathless Spirit. Thou also, Man! hast wrought,

For commerce of thy nature with herself,

Things that aspire to unconquerable life:

20

And yet we feel, we cannot chuse but feel

That they must perish. Tremblings of the heart

It gives, to think that our immortal being

No more shall need such garments; and yet Man,

As long as he shall be the Child of earth,

25

Might almost “weep to have” what he may lose,

Nor be himself extinguished; but survive

Abject, depressed, forlorn, disconsolate.

A thought is with me sometimes, and I say—

Should the whole frame of earth by inward throes

30

Be wrenched, or fire come down from far to scorch

Her pleasant habitations, and dry up

Old Ocean in his bed, left singed and bare,

Yet would the living Presence still subsist

Victorious; and composure would ensue,

35

And kindlings like the morning—presage sure

Of day returning, and of life revived.

The Prelude (1824–1829) 203

But all the meditations of mankind,

Yea, all the adamantine holds of truth,

By reason built, or passion, which itself

40

Is highest reason in a soul sublime;

The consecrated works of Bard and Sage,

Sensuous or intellectual, wrought by men,

Twin labourers, and heirs of the same hopes;

Where would they be? Oh! why hath not the Mind

45

Some element to stamp her image on

In nature somewhat nearer to her own?

Why, gifted with such powers to send abroad

Her spirit, must it lodge in shrines so frail?

One day, when from my lips a like complaint

50

Had fallen in presence of a studious friend,

He with a smile made answer that in truth

’Twas going far to seek disquietude,

But, on the front of his reproof, confessed

That he himself had oftentimes given way

55

To kindred hauntings. Whereupon I told

That once in the stillness of a summer’s noon,

While I was seated in a rocky cave

By the sea-side, perusing, so it chanced,

The famous history of the errant Knight

60

Recorded by Cervantes, these same thoughts

Beset me, and to height unusual rose,

While listlessly I sate, and, having closed

The Book, had turned my eyes tow’rd the wide Sea.

On Poetry, and geometric truth,

65

And their high privilege of lasting life,

From all internal injury exempt,

I mused; upon these chiefly: and, at length,

My senses yielding to the sultry air,

Sleep seized me, and I passed into a dream.

70

I saw before me stretched a boundless plain,

Of sandy wilderness, all blank and void;

And as I looked around, distress and fear

Came creeping over me, when at my side,

Close at my side, an uncouth Shape appeared

75

Upon a Dromedary, mounted high.

204 The Poems of William Wordsworth

He seemed an Arab of the Bedouin Tribes:

A Lance he bore, and underneath one arm

A Stone; and, in the opposite hand, a Shell

Of a surpassing brightness. At the sight

80

Much I rejoiced, not doubting but a Guide

Was present, one who with unerring skill

Would through the desert lead me; and while yet

I looked, and looked, self-questioned what this freight

Which the New-comer carried through the Waste

85

Could mean, the Arab told me that the Stone

(To give it in the language of the Dream)

Was Euclid’s Elements; “and this,” said he,

“This other,” pointing to the Shell, “this book

Is something of more worth”; and, at the word,

90

Stretched forth the Shell, so beautiful in shape,

In color so resplendent, with command

That I should hold it to my ear. I did so,—

And heard, that instant, in an unknown tongue,

Which yet I understood, articulate sounds,

95

A loud prophetic blast of harmony—

An Ode, in passion uttered, which foretold

Destruction to the Children of the Earth,

By Deluge now at hand. No sooner ceased

The Song than the Arab with calm look declared

100

That all would come to pass, of which the voice

Had given forewarning, and that he himself

Was going then to bury those two Books:

The One that held acquaintance with the stars,

And wedded Soul to Soul in purest bond

105

Of Reason, undisturbed by space or time:

Th’other, that was a God, yea many Gods,

Had voices more than all the winds, with power

To exhilarate the Spirit, and to soothe,

Through every clime, the heart of human kind.

110

While this was uttering, strange as it may seem,

I wondered not, although I plainly saw

The One to be a Stone, the Other a Shell,

Nor doubted once but that they both were Books;

Having a perfect faith in all that passed.

115

The Prelude (1824–1829) 205

Far stronger now grew the desire I felt

To cleave unto this Man; but when I prayed

To share his enterprize, he hurried on,

Reckless of me: I followed, not unseen,

For oftentimes he cast a backward look,

120

Grasping his twofold treasure. Lance in rest,

He rode, I keeping pace with him; and now

He to my fancy had become the Knight

Whose tale Cervantes tells; yet not the Knight,

But was an Arab of the desert, too,

125

Of these was neither, and was both at once.

His countenance, meanwhile, grew more disturbed,

And looking backwards when he looked, mine eyes

Saw, over half the wilderness diffused,

A bed of glittering light: I asked the cause.

130

“It is,” said he, “the waters of the Deep

Gathering upon us”; quickening then the pace

Of the unwieldy Creature he bestrode,

He left me; I called after him aloud,—

He heeded not; but with his twofold charge

135

Still in his grasp, before me, full in view,

Went hurrying o’er the illimitable Waste

With the fleet waters of a drowning World

In chase of him; whereat I waked in terror;

And saw the Sea before me, and the Book,

140

In which I had been reading, at my side.

Full often, taking from the world of Sleep

This Arab Phantom, which I thus beheld,

This semi-Quixote, I to him have given

A substance, fancied him a living man,

145

A gentle Dweller in the desert, crazed

By love and feeling, and internal thought

Protracted among endless solitudes;

Have shaped him, in the oppression of his brain,

And so equipped, wandering upon this quest!

150

Nor have I pitied him; but rather felt

Reverence was due to a Being thus employed;

And thought that, in the blind and awful lair

Of such a madness, reason did lie couched.

206 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Enow there are on earth to take in charge

155

Their Wives, their Children, and their virgin Loves,

Or whatsoever else the heart holds dear;

Enow to stir for these;—yea, will I say,

Contemplating in soberness the approach

Of an event so dire, by signs, in earth

160

Or heaven, made manifest,—that I could share

That maniac’s fond anxiety, and go

Upon like errand. Oftentimes, at least,

Me hath such strong entrancement overcome,

When I have held a volume in my hand,

165

Poor earthly casket of immortal Verse,

Shakespear, or Milton, Labourers divine!

Great and benign, indeed, must be the power

Of living Nature, which could thus so long

Detain me from the best of other Guides

170

And dearest Helpers left unthanked, unpraised.

Even in the time of lisping Infancy,

And later down, in prattling Childhood, even,

While I was travelling back among those days,

How could I ever play an Ingrate’s part?

175

Once more should I have made those bowers resound,

By intermingling strains of thankfulness

With their own thoughtless melodies; at least,

It might have well beseemed me to repeat

Some simply fashioned tale, to tell again,

180

In slender accents of sweet Verse, some tale

That did bewitch me then, and soothes me now.

O Friend! O Poet! Brother of my soul,

Think not that I could pass along untouched

By these remembrances. Yet wherefore speak?

185

Why call upon a few weak words to say

What is already written in the hearts

Of all that breathe? what in the path of all

Drops daily from the tongue of every Child,

Wherever Man is found? The trickling tear

190

Upon the cheek of listening Infancy

Proclaims it, and the insuperable look

That drinks as if it never could be full.

The Prelude (1824–1829) 207

That portion of my Story I shall leave

There registered; whatever else of power

195

Or pleasure, sown or fostered thus, may be

Peculiar to myself, let that remain

Where still it works, though hidden from all search,

Among the depths of time. Yet is it just

That here, in memory of all books which lay

200

Their sure foundations in the heart of man,

Whether by native prose, or numerous verse;

That in the name of all inspired Souls,

From Homer the great Thunderer, from the voice

That roars along the bed of Jewish Song:

205

And that more varied and elaborate,

Those trumpet-tones of harmony that shake

Our shores in England; from those loftiest notes

Down to the low and wren-like warblings, made

For Cottagers, and Spinners at the wheel,

210

And sun-burnt Travellers resting their tired limbs,

Stretched under way-side hedgerows, ballad tunes,

Food for the hungry ears of little ones,

And of old Men who have survived their joy;

’Tis just that in behalf of these, the Works,

215

And of the men that framed them, whether known,

Or sleeping nameless in their scattered graves,

That I should here assert their rights, attest

Their honours, and should, once for all, pronounce

Their benediction: speak of them as Powers

220

For ever to be hallowed; only less,

For what we are and what we may become,

Than Nature’s self, which is the breath of God;

Or His pure Word by miracle revealed.

Rarely, and with reluctance, would I stoop

225

To transitory themes; yet I rejoice,

And, by these thoughts admonished, will pour out

Thanks with uplifted heart, that I was reared

Safe from an evil which these days have laid

Upon the Children of the Land, a pest

230

That might have dried me up, body and soul.

This Verse is dedicate to Nature’s self

208 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And things that teach as Nature teaches: then

Oh! where had been the Man, the Poet where,

Where had we been, we two, beloved Friend?

235

If in the season of unperilous choice,

In lieu of wandering, as we did, through Tales

Rich with indigenous produce, open ground

Of Fancy, happy pastures ranged at will,

We had been followed, hourly watched,—and noosed

240

Each in his several melancholy walk,

Stringed like a poor-man’s heifer, at its feed

Led through the lanes in forlorn servitude;

Or rather like a stallèd Ox debarred

From touch of growing grass, that may not taste

245

A flower, till it have yielded up its sweets

A prelibation to the mower’s scythe.

Behold the Parent Hen amid her Brood,

Though fledged and feathered and well-pleased to part

And straggle from her presence, still a Brood,—

250

And she herself from the maternal bond

Still undischarged; yet doth she little more

Than move with them in tenderness and love,

A centre to the circle which they make;

And, now and then, alike from need of theirs,

255

And call of her own natural appetites,

She scratches, ransacks up the earth for food

Which they partake at pleasure. Early died

My honored Mother, she who was the heart

And hinge of all our learnings and our loves;

260

She left us destitute, and as we might

Trooping together. Little suits it me

To break upon the sabbath of her rest

With any thought that looks at others’ blame;

Nor would I praise her but in perfect love;

265

Hence am I checked; but let me boldly say,

In gratitude, and for the sake of truth,

Unheard by her, that she, not falsely taught,

Fetching her goodness rather from times past

Than shaping novelties for times to come,

270

Had no presumption, no such jealousy;

The Prelude (1824–1829) 209

Nor did by habit of her thoughts mistrust

Our Nature, but had virtual faith that He

Who fills the Mother’s breast with innocent milk,

Doth also for our nobler part provide,

275

Under His great correction and controul,

As innocent instincts and as innocent food;

Or draws for minds that are left free to trust

In the simplicities of opening life

Sweet honey out of spurned or dreaded weeds.

280

This was her creed; and therefore she was pure

From anxious fear of error or mishap,

And evil,—overweeningly so called;

Was not puffed up by false unnatural hopes;

Nor selfish with unnecessary cares;

285

Nor with impatience from the season asked

More than its timely produce—rather loved

The hours for what they are than from regards

Glanced on their promises, in restless pride.

Such was she—not from faculties more strong

290

Than others have, but from the times, perhaps,

And spot in which she lived, and through a grace

Of modest meekness, simple-mindedness,

A heart that found benignity and hope,

Being itself benign.

My drift, I fear,

295

Is scarcely obvious; but, that Common sense

May try this modern system by its fruits,

Leave let me take to place before her sight

A specimen pourtrayed with faithful hand.

Full early trained to worship seemliness,

300

This model of a Child is never known

To mix in quarrels—that were far beneath

His dignity; with gifts he bubbles o’er

As generous as a fountain; selfishness

May not come near him, nor the little throng

305

Of flitting pleasures tempt him from his path;

The wandering beggars propagate his name,

Dumb creatures find him tender as a Nun;

And natural or supernatural fear,

210 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Unless it leap upon him in a dream,

310

Touches him not. To enhance the wonder, see

How arch his notices, how nice his sense

Of the ridiculous; not blind is he

To the broad follies of the licenced world;

Yet innocent himself withal, though shrewd,

315

And can read Lectures upon innocence.

A miracle of scientific lore,

Ships he can guide across the pathless sea,

And tell you all their cunning;—he can read

The inside of the earth, and spell the stars;

320

He knows the policies of foreign Lands;

Can string you names of districts, cities, towns,

The whole world over, tight as beads of dew

Upon a gossamer thread; he sifts, he weighs;

All things are put to question; he must live

325

Knowing that he grows wiser every day

Or else not live at all, and seeing, too,

Each little drop of wisdom as it falls

Into the dimpling Cistern of his heart.

For this unnatural growth the Trainer blame,

330

Pity the Tree.—Poor human Vanity!

Wert thou extinguished, little would be left

Which he could truly love; but how escape?

For, ever as a thought of purer birth

Rises to lead him toward a better clime,

335

Some Intermedler still is on the watch

To drive him back, and pound him like a Stray

Within the pinfold of his own conceit.

Meanwhile old Grandame Earth is grieved to find

The play-things which her love designed for him

340

Unthought of: in their woodland beds the flowers

Weep, and the river sides are all forlorn.

Oh! give us once again the wishing-Cap

Of Fortunatus, and the invisible Coat

Of Jack the Giant-killer, Robin Hood,

345

And Sabra in the Forest with St George!

The Child, whose love is here, at least doth reap

One precious gain, that he forgets himself.

The Prelude (1824–1829) 211

These mighty Workmen of our later age

Who with a broad highway have overbridged

350

The froward chaos of futurity,

Tamed to their bidding; they who have the skill

To manage books and things, and make them act

On Infant minds as surely as the sun

Deals with a flower; the Keepers of our Time,

355

The Guides and Wardens of our faculties,

Sages who in their prescience would control

All accidents, and to the very road

Which they have fashioned would confine us down

Like engines; when will their presumption learn

360

That in the unreasoning progress of the world

A wiser Spirit is at work for us,

A better eye than theirs, most prodigal

Of blessings and most studious of our good,

Even in what seem our most unfruitful hours?

365

There was a Boy;—ye knew him well, Ye Cliffs

And Islands of Winander!—many a time

At evening, when the earliest stars began

To move along the edges of the hills,

Rising or setting, would he stand alone,

370

Beneath the trees, or by the glimmering lake;

And there, with fingers interwoven, both hands

Pressed closely palm to palm and to his mouth

Uplifted, he, as through an instrument,

Blew mimic hootings to the silent owls

375

That they might answer him.—And they would shout

Across the watery Vale, and shout again,

Responsive to his call,—with quivering peals,

And long halloos, and screams, and echoes loud

Redoubled and redoubled; concourse wild

380

Of jocund din! and when a lengthened pause

Of silence came, and baffled his best skill,

Then, sometimes, in that silence, while he hung

Listening, a gentle shock of mild surprize

Has carried far into his heart the voice

385

Of mountain torrents; or the visible scene

Would enter unawares into his mind

212 The Poems of William Wordsworth

With all its solemn imagery, its rocks,

Its woods, and that uncertain heaven, received

Into the bosom of the steady lake.

390

This Boy was taken from his Mates, and died

In childhood, ere he was full twelve years old.

Fair is the Spot, most beautiful the Vale

Where he was born: the grassy Church-yard hangs

Upon a slope above the Village School;

395

And through that Church-yard when my way has led

On summer evenings, I believe that there

A long half-hour together I have stood

Mute—looking at the grave in which he lies!

Even now appears before the mind’s clear eye

400

That self-same Village Church; I see her sit

(The throned Lady whom erewhile we hailed)

On her green hill, forgetful of this Boy

Who slumbers at her feet, forgetful, too,

Of all her silent neighbourhood of graves,

405

And listening only to the gladsome sounds

That, from the rural School ascending, play

Beneath her, and about her. May she long

Behold a race of Young Ones like to those

With whom I herded! (easily, indeed,

410

We might have fed upon a fatter soil

Of Arts and Letters, but be that forgiven)

A race of real children; not too wise,

Too learned, or too good: but wanton, fresh,

And bandied up and down by love and hate;

415

Not unresentful where self-justified;

Fierce, moody, patient, venturous, modest, shy;

Mad at their sports like withered leaves in winds:

Though doing wrong and suffering, and full oft

Bending beneath our life’s mysterious weight

420

Of pain, and doubt, and fear; yet yielding not

In happiness to the happiest upon earth.

Simplicity in habit, truth in speech,

Be these the daily strengtheners of their minds!

May books and nature be their early joy!

425

And knowledge, rightly honored with that name,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 213

Knowledge not purchased by the loss of power!

Well do I call to mind the very week

When I was first entrusted to the care

Of that sweet Valley; when its paths, its shores,

430

And brooks were like a dream of novelty

To my half-infant thoughts,—that very week,

While I was roving up and down alone,

Seeking I knew not what, I chanced to cross

One of those open fields, which, shaped like ears,

435

Make green peninsulas on Esthwaite’s lake.

Twilight was coming on, yet, through the gloom,

Appeared distinctly on the opposite shore

A heap of garments, as if left by One

Who might have there been bathing. Long I watched,

440

But no one owned them; meanwhile, the calm Lake

Grew dark, with all the shadows on its breast,

And, now and then, a fish upleaping snapped

The breathless stillness. The succeeding day,

Those unclaimed garments, telling a plain tale,

445

Drew to the spot an anxious Crowd; some looked

In passive expectation from the shore,

While from a boat others hung o’er the deep,

Sounding with grappling irons and long poles.

At last, the dead Man, ’mid that beauteous scene

450

Of trees and hills and water, bolt upright

Rose with his ghastly face: a spectre shape

Of terror, yet no soul-debasing fear,

Young as I was, a Child not nine years old,

Possessed me; for my inner eye had seen

455

Such sights before, among the shining streams

Of fairey land, the forests of romance;

Their spirit hallowed the sad spectacle

With decoration and ideal grace;

A dignity, a smoothness, like the works

460

Of Grecian Art, and purest Poesy.

A precious treasure I had long possessed,

A little, yellow, canvas-covered book,

A slender abstract of the Arabian tales;

And, from companions in a new abode,

465

214 The Poems of William Wordsworth

When first I learnt that this dear prize of mine

Was but a block hewn from a mighty quarry—

That there were four large Volumes, laden all

With kindred matter, ’twas to me, in truth,

A promise scarcely earthly. Instantly,

470

With one not richer than myself, I made

A covenant that each should lay aside

The monies he possessed, and hoard up more,

Till our joint savings had amassed enough

To make this Book our own. Through several months,

475

In spite of all temptation, we preserved

Religiously that vow, but firmness failed;

Nor were we ever Masters of our wish.

And when thereafter to my Father’s house

The holidays returned me, there to find

480

That golden store of books which I had left,

What joy was mine! How often, in the course

Of those glad respites, though a soft west wind

Ruffled the waters to the Angler’s wish

For a whole day together, have I lain

485

Down by thy side, O Derwent, murmuring stream!

On the hot stones, and in the glaring sun,

And there have read, devouring as I read,

Defrauding the day’s glory, desperate!

Till, with a sudden bound of smart reproach,

490

Such as an Idler deals with in his shame,

I to the sport betook myself again.

A gracious Spirit o’er this earth presides,

And o’er the heart of man: invisibly

It comes, to works of unreproved delight,

495

And tendency benign, directing those

Who care not, know not, think not what they do.

The Tales that charm away the wakeful night

In Araby,—romances, legends, penned

For solace, by dim light of monkish lamps;

500

Fictions, for Ladies of their Love, devised

By youthful Squires; adventures endless, spun

By the dismantled Warrior in old age

Out of the bowels of those very schemes

The Prelude (1824–1829) 215

In which his youth did first extravagate;

505

These spread like day, and something in the shape

Of these will live till man shall be no more.

Dumb yearnings, hidden appetites are ours,

And they must have their food; our childhood sits,

Our simple childhood sits upon a throne

510

That hath more power than all the elements.

I guess not what this tells of Being past,

Nor what it augurs of the life to come,

But so it is; and, in that dubious hour,

That twilight when we first begin to see

515

This dawning earth, to recognize, expect;

And, in the long probation that ensues,

The time of trial, ere we learn to live

In reconcilement with our stinted powers,

To endure this state of meagre vassalage;

520

Unwilling to forego, confess, submit,

Uneasy and unsettled; yoke-fellows

To custom, mettlesome, and not yet tamed

And humbled down—Oh! then we feel, we feel,

We know where we have friends.—Ye dreamers, then,

525

Forgers of daring Tales! we bless you then,

Impostors, drivellers, dotards, as the Ape

Philosophy will call you; then we feel

With what, and how great might ye are in league,

Who make our wish our power, our thought a deed,

530

An empire, a possession; ye whom time

And seasons serve; all faculties,—to whom

Earth crouches, the elements are potter’s clay,

Space like a heaven filled up with Northern lights,

Here, no where, there, and every where at once.

535

Relinquishing this lofty eminence

For ground, though humbler, not the less a tract

Of the same isthmus which our Spirits cross

In progress from their native Continent

To earth and human life, the Song might dwell

540

On that delightful time of growing Youth

When craving for the marvellous gives way

To strengthening love for things that we have seen;

216 The Poems of William Wordsworth

When sober truth and steady sympathies

Offered to notice by less daring pens

545

Take firmer hold of us; and words themselves

Move us with conscious pleasure.

I am sad

At thought of raptures now for ever flown;

Almost to tears I sometimes could be sad

To think of, to read over, many a page,

550

Poems withal of name, which at that time

Did never fail to entrance me, and are now

Dead in my eyes, dead as a Theatre

Fresh emptied of Spectators. Twice five years,

Or less, I might have seen, when first my mind

555

With conscious pleasure opened to the charm

Of words in tuneful order, found them sweet

For their own sakes, a passion and a power;

And phrases pleased me, chosen for delight,

For pomp, or love. Oft in the public roads

560

Yet unfrequented, while the morning light

Was yellowing the hill-tops, I went abroad

With a dear Friend, and for the better part

Of two delightful hours we strolled along

By the still borders of the misty Lake,

565

Repeating favourite Verses with one voice,

Or conning more,—as happy as the birds

That round us chaunted. Well might we be glad,

Lifted above the ground by airy fancies

More bright than madness or the dreams of wine;

570

And, though full oft the objects of our love

Were false, and in their splendour overwrought,

Yet was there, surely, then no vulgar power

Working within us, nothing less, in truth,

Than that most noble attribute of Man,

575

Though yet untutored and inordinate,

That wish for something loftier, more adorned,

Than is the common aspect, daily garb

Of human life. What wonder then, if sounds

Of exultation echoed through the groves!

580

For images, and sentiments, and words,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 217

And every thing encountered or pursued

In that delicious world of poesy,

Kept holiday; a never-ending shew,

With music, incense, festival, and flowers!

585

Here must we pause; this only let me add,

From heart-experience, and in humblest sense

Of modesty, that he, who, in his youth,

A daily Wanderer among woods and fields,

With living Nature hath been intimate,

590

Not only in that raw unpractised time

Is stirred to extasy, as others are,

By glittering verse; but, further, doth receive,

In measure only dealt out to himself,

Knowledge and increase of enduring joy

595

From the great Nature that exists in works

Of mighty Poets. Visionary Power

Attends the motions of the viewless winds

Embodied in the mystery of words:

There darkness makes abode, and all the host

600

Of shadowy things work endless changes there,

As in a mansion like their proper home.

Even forms and substances are circumfused

By that transparent veil with light divine;

And, through the turnings intricate of verse,

605

Present themselves as objects recognized,

In flashes, and with glory not their own.

Thus far a scanty record is deduced

Of what lowed to Books in early life;

Their later influence yet remains untold;

610

But as this work was taking in my mind

Proportions that seemed larger than had first

Been meditated, I was indisposed

To any further progress, at a time

When these acknowledgments were left unpaid.

615

BOOK SIxTH

cambridge, and the alps

The leaves were fading, when to Esthwaite’s banks

And the simplicities of Cottage life

218 The Poems of William Wordsworth

I bade farewell; and, one among the Youth

Who, summoned by that season, reunite

As scattered birds troop to the Fowler’s lure,

5

Went back to Granta’s cloisters; not so prompt

Or eager, though as gay and undepressed

In mind, as when I thence had taken flight,

A few short months before. I turned my face,

Without repining, from the coves and heights

10

Clothed in the sunshine of their withering fern;

Quitted, not loth, the mild magnificence

Of calmer Lakes, and louder streams;—and you,

Frank-hearted Maids of rocky Cumberland,

You, and your not unwelcome days of mirth,

15

Relinquished, and your nights of revelry;

And in my own unlovely Cell sate down

In lightsome mood,—such privilege has youth

That cannot take long-leave of pleasant thoughts.

The bonds of indolent society

20

Relaxing in their hold, henceforth I lived

More to myself. Two winters may be passed

Without a separate notice: many books

Were skimmed, devoured, or studiously perused,

But with no settled plan. I was detached

25

Internally from academic cares;

Yet independent study seemed a course

Of hardy disobedience toward friends

And kindred, proud rebellion and unkind.

This spurious virtue,—rather let it bear

30

A name it more deserves,—this cowardise

Gave treacherous sanction to that over-love

Of freedom, which encouraged me to turn

From regulations even of my own,

As from restraints and bonds. Yet who can tell,

35

Who knows, what thus may have been gained both then

And at a later season, or preserved;

What love of Nature, what original strength

Of contemplation, what intuitive truths,

The deepest and the best, what keen research

40

Unbiassed, unbewildered, and unawed?

The Prelude (1824–1829) 219

The Poet’s soul was with me at that time,

Sweet meditations, the still overflow

Of present happiness, while future years

Lacked not anticipations, tender dreams

45

No few of which have since been realized;

And some remain hopes for my future life.

Four years and thirty, told this very week,

Have I been now a Sojourner on earth,

By sorrow not unsmitten, yet for me

50

Life’s morning radiance hath not left the hills,

Her dew is on the flowers. Those were the days

Which also first emboldened me to trust

With firmness, hitherto but lightly touched

By such a daring thought, that I might leave

55

Some monument behind me which pure hearts

Should reverence. The instinctive humbleness,

Maintained even by the very name and thought

Of printed books and authorship, began

To melt away: and further, the dread awe

60

Of mighty names was softened down, and seemed

Approachable, admitting fellowship

Of modest sympathy. Such aspect now,

Though not familiarly, my mind put on,

Content to observe, to admire, and to enjoy.

65

All winter long, whenever free to chuse,

Did I by night frequent the College Groves

And tributary Walks; the last and oft

The only One who had been lingering there

Through hours of silence; till the Porter’s bell,

70

A punctual follower on the stroke of nine,

Rang with its blunt unceremonious voice,

Inexorable summons! Lofty Elms,

Inviting shades of opportune recess,

Bestowed composure on a neighbourhood

75

Unpeaceful in itself. A single Tree,

With sinuous trunk, boughs exquisitely wreathed,

Grew there—an Ash which Winter for himself

Decked as in pride, and with outlandish grace.

Up from the ground, and almost to the top,

80

220 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The trunk and every master branch were green

With clustering ivy, and the lightsome twigs

And outer spray profusely tipped with seeds

That hung in yellow tassels, while the air

Stirred them, not voiceless. Often have I stood

85

Foot-bound, uplooking at this lovely Tree

Beneath a frosty moon. The hemisphere

Of magic fiction, verse of mine perchance

May never tread, but scarcely Spenser’s Self

Could have more tranquil visions in his Youth,

90

Nor could more bright appearances create

Of human Forms with superhuman powers,

Than I beheld loitering on calm clear nights,

Alone, beneath this fairy work of earth.

On the vague Reading of a truant Youth

95

’Twere idle to descant. My inner judgment

Not seldom differed from my taste in books

As if it appertained to another mind.

And yet the books which then I valued most

Are dearest to me now; for, having scanned,

100

Not heedlessly, the laws, and watched the forms

Of nature, in that knowledge I possessed

A standard, often usefully applied,

Even when unconsciously, to things removed

From a familiar sympathy.—In fine,

105

I was a better judge of thoughts than words;

Misled, in estimating words, not only

By common inexperience of youth,

But by the trade in classic niceties,

The dangerous craft of culling term and phrase

110

From languages that want the living voice

To carry meaning to the natural heart;

To tell us what is passion, what is truth,

What reason, what simplicity and sense.

Yet may we not entirely overlook

115

The pleasure gathered from the rudiments

Of geometric science. Though advanced

In these enquiries, with regret I speak,

No farther than the threshold, there I found

The Prelude (1824–1829) 221

Both elevation and composed delight.

120

With Indian awe and wonder, Ignorance pleased

With its own struggles, did I meditate

On the relation those abstractions bear

To Nature’s laws, and by what process led

Those immaterial Agents bowed their heads

125

Duly to serve the mind of earth-born Man

From star to star, from kindred sphere to sphere,

From system on to system without end.

More frequently from the same source I drew

A pleasure quiet and profound, a sense

130

Of permanent and universal sway

And paramount belief: there recognized

A type, for finite natures, of the one

Supreme Existence, the surpassing life

Which, to the boundaries of space and time,

135

Of melancholy space and doleful time,

Superior, and incapable of change,

Nor touched by welterings of passion, is,

And hath the name of God. Transcendent peace

And silence did await upon these thoughts

140

That were a frequent comfort to my youth.

’Tis told by One whom stormy waters threw

With Fellow-sufferers, by the Shipwreck spared,

Upon a desert Coast, that, having brought

To land a single volume, saved by chance,

145

A treatise of Geometry, he wont,

Although of food and clothing destitute

And beyond common wretchedness depressed,

To part from Company, and take this Book

(Then first a self-taught Pupil in its truths)

150

To spots remote, and draw his diagrams

With a long staff upon the sand, and thus

Did oft beguile his sorrow, and almost

Forget his feeling: so (if like effect

From the same cause produced, ’mid outward things

155

So different, may rightly be compared),

So was it then with me, and so will be

With Poets, ever. Mighty is the charm

222 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of those abstractions to a mind beset

With images, and haunted by herself;

160

And specially delightful unto me

Was that clear Synthesis, built up aloft

So gracefully! even then when it appeared

Not more than a mere play-thing, or a toy

To sense embodied; not the thing it is

165

In verity, an independent world

Created out of pure Intelligence.

Such dispositions then were mine, unearned

By aught, I fear, of genuine desert,

Mine, through heaven’s grace, and inborn aptitudes.

170

And, not to leave the story of that time

Imperfect, with these habits must be joined

Moods melancholy, fits of spleen, that loved

A pensive sky, sad days, and piping winds,

The twilight more than dawn, autumn than Spring,

175

A treasured and luxurious gloom, of choice

And inclination mainly, and the mere

Redundancy of Youth’s contentedness.

— To time thus spent, add multitudes of hours

Pilfered away, by what the Bard, who sang

180

Of the Enchanter Indolence, hath called

“Good-natured lounging,” and behold a map

Of my Collegiate life,—far less intense

Than Duty called for, or, without regard

To Duty, might have sprung up of itself

185

By change of accidents,—or even, to speak

Without unkindness, in another place;

Yet why take refuge in that plea?—the fault,

This I repeat, was mine, mine be the blame.

In summer, making quest for works of Art

190

Or scenes renowned for beauty, I explored

That Streamlet whose blue current works its way

Between romantic Dovedale’s spiry rocks,

Pryed into Yorkshire dales, or hidden tracts

Of my own native region, and was blest

195

Between these sundry wanderings with a joy

Above all joys, that seemed another morn

The Prelude (1824–1829) 223

Risen on mid noon; blest with the presence, Friend!

Of that sole Sister, she who hath been long

Dear to Thee also, thy true Friend, and mine,

200

Now after separation desolate

Restored to me, such absence that she seemed

A gift then first bestowed. The varied banks

Of Emont, hitherto unnamed in Song,

And that monastic Castle ’mid tall trees

205

Low-standing by the margin of the Stream,

A mansion visited (as fame reports)

By Sidney; where, in sight of our Helvellyn

Or stormy Cross-fell, snatches he might pen

Of his Arcadia, by fraternal love

210

Inspired;—that River and those mouldering Towers

Have seen us side by side when, having clomb

The darksome windings of a broken stair,

And crept along a ridge of fractured wall,

Not without trembling, we in safety looked

215

Forth through some gothic window’s open space,

And gathered with one mind a rich reward

From the far-stretching landscape, by the light

Of morning beautified, or purple eve:

Or, not less pleased, lay on some turret’s head,

220

Catching from tufts of grass and hare-bell flowers

Their faintest whisper, to the passing breeze

Given out while mid-day heat oppressed the plains.

—Another Maid there was, who also shed

A gladness o’er that season, then to me,

225

By her exulting outside look of Youth,

And placid under countenance, first endeared;

That other Spirit, Coleridge! who is now

So near to us, that meek confiding Heart

So reverenced by us both. O’er paths and fields

230

In all that neighbourhood, through narrow lanes

Of eglantine, and through the shady woods,

And o’er the Border Beacon, and the Waste

Of naked pools, and common crags that lay

Exposed on the bare Fell, were scattered love,

235

The spirit of pleasure, and Youth’s golden gleam.

224 The Poems of William Wordsworth

O Friend! we had not seen thee at that time;

And yet a power is on me, and a strong

Confusion, and I seem to plant thee there.—

Far art Thou wandered now in search of health,

240

And milder breezes, melancholy lot!

But Thou art with us, with us in the past,

The present, with us in the times to come:

There is no grief, no sorrow, no despair,

No languor, no dejection, no dismay,

245

No absence scarcely can there be, for those

Who love as we do. Speed thee well! divide

With us thy pleasure; thy returning strength,

Receive it daily as a joy of ours;

Share with us thy fresh spirits, whether gift

250

Of gales Etesian, or of tender thoughts.

I too have been a Wanderer; but, alas!

How different the fate of different Men!

Though mutually unknown, yea nursed and reared

As if in several elements, we were framed

255

To bend at last to the same discipline,

Predestined, if two Beings ever were,

To seek the same delights, and have one health,

One happiness. Throughout this Narrative,

Else sooner ended, I have borne in mind

260

For whom it registers the birth, and marks the growth,

Of gentleness, simplicity, and truth,

And joyous loves that hallow innocent days

Of peace and self-command. Of rivers, fields,

And groves, I speak to thee, my Friend: to thee

265

Who, yet a liveried School-boy, in the depths

Of the huge City, on the leaded roof

Of that wide Edifice, thy School and home,

Wert used to lie, and gaze upon the clouds

Moving in heaven; or, of that pleasure tired,

270

To shut thine eyes, and by internal light

See trees, and meadows, and thy native Stream

Far distant, thus beheld from year to year

Of a long exile. Nor could I forget,

In this late portion of my argument,

275

The Prelude (1824–1829) 225

That scarcely, as my term of pupilage

Ceased, had I left those academic Bowers

When Thou wert thither guided. From the heart

Of London, and from cloisters there, thou cam’st,

And didst sit down in temperance and peace,

280

A rigorous Student. What a stormy course

Then followed! Oh! it is a pang that calls

For utterance, to think what easy change

Of circumstances might to thee have spared

A world of pain, ripened a thousand hopes

285

For ever withered. Through this retrospect

Of my Collegiate life, I still have had

Thy after-sojourn in the self-same place

Present before my eyes; have played with times

And accidents as Children do with cards,

290

Or as a Man, who, when his house is built,

A frame locked up in wood and stone, doth still,

As impotent fancy prompts, by his fire-side

Rebuild it to his liking. I have thought

Of Thee, thy learning, gorgeous eloquence,

295

And all the strength and plumage of thy youth,

Thy subtile speculations, toils abstruse

Among the Schoolmen, and platonic forms

Of wild ideal pageantry, shaped out

From things well-matched or ill, and words for things,

300

The self-created sustenance of a Mind

Debarred from Nature’s living images,

Compelled to be a life unto herself,

And unrelentingly possessed by thirst

Of greatness, love, and beauty. Not alone,

305

Ah! surely not in singleness of heart,

Should I have seen the light of evening fade

From smooth Cam’s silent waters, had we met

Even at that early time: needs must I trust

In the belief that my maturer age,

310

My calmer habits, and more steady voice,

Would with an influence benign have soothed

Or chased away the airy wretchedness

That battened on thy youth. But thou hast trod,

226 The Poems of William Wordsworth

In watchful meditation thou hast trod,

315

A march of glory, which doth put to shame

These vain regrets: health suffers in thee, else

Such grief for Thee would be the weakest thought

That ever harboured in the breast of man.

A passing word erewhile did lightly touch

320

On wanderings of my own, that now embraced,

With livelier hope, a region wider far.

When the third summer freed us from restraint,

A youthful Friend, he too a Mountaineer,

Not slow to share my wishes, took his staff,

325

And, sallying forth, we journeyed, side by side,

Bound to the distant Alps. A hardy slight

Did this unprecedented course imply

Of College studies and their set rewards;

Nor had, in truth, the scheme been formed by me

330

Without uneasy forethought of the pain,

The censures, and ill-omening of those

To whom my worldly interests were dear.

But Nature then was Sovereign in my mind,

And mighty Forms, seizing a youthful fancy,

335

Had given a charter to irregular hopes.

In any age of uneventful calm

Among the Nations, surely would my heart

Have been possessed by similar desire;

But Europe at that time was thrilled with joy,

340

France standing on the top of golden hours,

And human nature seeming born again.

Lightly equipped, and but a few brief looks

Cast on the white cliffs of our native shore

From the receding Vessel’s deck, we chanced

345

To land at Calais on the very Eve

Of that great federal Day; and there we saw,

In a mean City, and among a few,

How bright a face is worn when joy of one

Is joy for tens of millions. Southward thence

350

We held our way direct, through Hamlets, Towns,

Gaudy with reliques of that Festival,

Flowers left to wither on triumphal Arcs,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 227

And window-garlands. On the public roads,

And, once, three days successively, through paths

355

By which our toilsome journey was abridged,

Among sequestered villages we walked,

And found benevolence and blessedness

Spread like a fragrance every where, when Spring

Hath left no corner of the land untouched.

360

Where Elms for many and many a league in files

With their thin umbrage, on the stately roads

Of that great Kingdom, rustled o’er our heads,

For ever near us as we paced along;

How sweet at such a time, with such delights

365

On every side, in prime of youthful strength,

To feed a Poet’s tender melancholy

And fond conceit of sadness, with the sound

Of undulations varying as might please

The wind that swayed them! once, and more than once,

370

Unhoused beneath the evening star we saw

Dances of liberty, and, in late hours

Of darkness, dances in the open air

Deftly prolonged, though grey-haired lookers-on

Might waste their breath in chiding.

Under hills,

375

The vine-clad hills and slopes of Burgundy,

Upon the bosom of the gentle Saone

We glided forward with the flowing Stream;

Swift Rhone! thou wert the wings on which we cut

A winding passage with majestic ease

380

Between thy lofty rocks. Enchanting shew

Those woods, and farms, and orchards did present,

And single cottages, and lurking towns,

Reach after reach, succession without end

Of deep and stately Vales! A lonely Pair

385

Of Strangers, till day closed, we sailed along,

Clustered together with a merry crowd

Of those emancipated; a blithe Host

Of Travellers, chiefly Delegates, returning

From the great Spousals newly solemnized

390

At their chief City, in the sight of heaven.

228 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Like bees they swarmed, gaudy and gay as bees;

Some vapoured in the unruliness of joy

And, with their swords, flourished, as if to fight

The saucy air. In this proud Company

395

We landed, took with them our evening meal,

Guests welcome almost as the Angels were

To Abraham of old. The supper done,

With flowing cups elate and happy thoughts,

We rose at signal given, and formed a ring

400

And, hand in hand, danced round and round the Board:

All hearts were open, every tongue was loud

With amity and glee; we bore a name

Honored in France, the name of Englishmen,

And hospitably did they give us hail!

405

As their forerunners in a glorious course;

And round and round the board we danced again.

With these blithe Friends our voyage we renewed

At early dawn. The Monastery bells

Made a sweet jingling in our youthful ears;

410

The rapid River flowing without noise,

And each uprising or receding Spire

Spake with a sense of peace, at intervals

Touching the heart, amid the boisterous crew

By whom we were encompassed. Taking leave

415

Of this glad Throng, foot-Travellers side by side,

Measuring our steps in quiet we pursued

Our journey, and, ere twice the sun had set,

Beheld the Convent of Chartreuse, and there

Rested within an awful Solitude.

420

Yes, for even then no other than a Place

Of soul-affecting Solitude appeared

That far-famed region, though our eyes had seen,

As toward the sacred Mansion we advanced,

Arms flashing, and a military glare

425

Of riotous men commissioned to expel

The blameless Inmates; and belike subvert

That frame of social being, which so long

Had bodied forth the ghostliness of things

In silence visible, and perpetual calm.

430

The Prelude (1824–1829) 229

—“Stay, stay your sacrilegious hands!”—the voice

Was Nature’s, uttered from her Alpine throne;

I heard it then, and seem to hear it now:

“Your impious work forbear; perish what may,

Let this one Temple last, be this one spot

435

Of earth devoted to Eternity!”

She ceased to speak; but while St Bruno’s pines

Waved their dark tops, not silent as they waved;

And while below, along their several beds,

Murmured the Sister Streams of Life and Death,

440

Thus by conflicting passions pressed, my Heart

Responded, “Honor to the Patriot’s zeal!

Glory and hope to new-born Liberty!

Hail to the mighty projects of the Time!

Discerning Sword that Justice wields, do thou

445

Go forth and prosper; and ye purging fires

Up to the loftiest Towers of Pride ascend,

Fanned by the breath of angry Providence;

But Oh! if past and future be the wings

On whose support harmoniously conjoined

450

Moves the great Spirit of human Knowledge, spare

These courts mysterious, where a step advanced

Between the portals of the shadowy rocks

Leaves far behind life’s treacherous vanities,

For penitential tears and trembling hopes

455

Exchanged—to equalize in God’s pure sight

Monarch and Peasant: be the house redeemed

With its unworldly Votaries, for the sake

Of conquest over sense hourly atchieved

Through faith and meditative reason, resting

460

Upon the word of heaven-imparted Truth

Calmly triumphant; and for humbler claim

Of that imaginative impulse sent

From these majestic floods, yon shining cliffs,

The untransmuted Shapes of many worlds,

465

Cerulean Ether’s pure inhabitants;

These forests unapproachable by death,

That shall endure as long as man endures

To think, to hope, to worship, and to feel,

230 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To struggle, to be lost within himself

470

In trepidation; from the blank abyss

To look with bodily eyes, and be consoled.”

Not seldom since that moment have I wished

That thou, O Friend! the trouble or the calm

Hadst shared, when, from profane regards apart,

475

In sympathetic reverence we trod

The floor of those dim cloisters, till that hour,

From their foundation, strangers to the presence

Of unrestricted and unthinking Man.

Abroad, how chearingly the sunshine lay

480

Upon the open lawns! Vallombre’s groves

Entering, we fed the Soul with darkness, thence

Issued, and with uplifted eyes beheld,

In different quarters of the bending sky,

The Cross of Jesus stand erect, as if

485

Hands of angelic Powers had fixed it there,

Memorial reverenced by a thousand Storms;

Yet then, from the undiscriminating sweep

And rage of one State-whirlwind, insecure.

’Tis not my present purpose to retrace

490

That variegated journey step by step;

A march it was of military speed,

And earth did change her images and forms

Before us, fast as clouds are changed in heaven.

Day after day, up early and down late,

495

From hill to vale we dropped—from vale to hill

Mounted,—from province on to province swept—

Keen hunters in a chase of fourteen weeks,

Eager as birds of prey, or as a Ship

Upon the stretch when winds are blowing fair.

500

Sweet coverts did we cross of pastoral life,

Enticing Vallies, greeted them and left

Too soon, while yet the very flash and gleam

Of salutation were not passed away.

Oh! sorrow for the Youth who could have seen

505

Unchastened, unsubdued, unawed, unraised

To patriarchal dignity of mind

And pure simplicity of wish and will,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 231

Those sanctified Abodes of peaceful Man;

Pleased (though to hardship born, and compassed round

510

With danger, varying as the seasons change),

Pleased with his daily tasks, or, if not pleased,

Contented, from the moment that the Dawn,

Ah! surely not without attendant gleams

Of soul-illumination, calls him forth

515

To industry, by glistenings flung on rocks

Whose evening shadows lead him to repose.

Well might a Stranger look with bounding heart

Down on a green Recess, the first I saw

Of those deep haunts, an aboriginal Vale,

520

Quiet, and lorded over, and possessed

By naked huts, wood-built and sown like tents,

Or Indian Cabins over the fresh lawns

And by the river side. That very day,

From a bare ridge we also first beheld

525

Unveiled the summit of Mont Blanc, and grieved

To have a soulless image on the eye

Which had usurped upon a living thought

That never more could be. The wondrous Vale

Of Chamouny stretched far below, and soon

530

With its dumb cataracts, and streams of ice,

A motionless array of mighty waves,

Five rivers broad and vast, made rich amends,

And reconciled us to realities.

There small birds warble from the leafy trees,

535

The eagle soars high in the element;

There doth the Reaper bind the yellow sheaf,

The Maiden spread the hay-cock in the sun,

While Winter like a well-tamed lion walks,

Descending from the Mountain to make sport

540

Among the Cottages by beds of flowers.

Whate’er in this wide circuit we beheld,

Or heard, was fitted to our unripe state

Of intellect and heart. With such a book

Before our eyes we could not chuse but read

545

Lessons of genuine brotherhood, the plain

And universal reason of mankind,

232 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The truths of Young and Old. Nor, side by side

Pacing, two social Pilgrims, or alone

Each with his humour, could we fail to abound

550

In dreams and fictions pensively composed,

Dejection taken up for pleasure’s sake,

And gilded sympathies; the willow wreath,

And sober posies of funereal flowers

Gathered, among those solitudes sublime,

555

From formal gardens of the Lady Sorrow,

Did sweeten many a meditative hour.

Yet still in me with those soft luxuries

Mixed something of stern mood, an under thirst

Of vigor seldom utterly allayed.

560

And from that source how different a sadness

Would issue, let one incident make known.

When from the Vallais we had turned, and clomb

Along the Simplon’s steep and rugged road,

Following a band of Muleteers, we reached

565

A halting-place where all together took

Their noon-tide meal. Hastily rose our Guide,

Leaving us at the Board; awhile we lingered,

Then paced the beaten downward way that led

Right to a rough stream’s edge and there broke off.

570

The only track now visible was one

That from the torrent’s further brink held forth

Conspicuous invitation to ascend

A lofty mountain. After brief delay

Crossing the unbridged stream, that road we took

575

And clomb with eagerness, till anxious fears

Intruded, for we failed to overtake

Our Comrades gone before. By fortunate chance,

While every moment added doubt to doubt,

A Peasant met us, from whose mouth we learned

580

That to the Spot which had perplexed us first

We must descend, and there should find the road,

Which in the stony channel of the Stream

Lay a few steps, and then along its banks,

And that our future course, all plain to sight,

585

Was downwards, with the current of that Stream.

The Prelude (1824–1829) 233

Loth to believe what we so grieved to hear,

For still we had hopes that pointed to the clouds,

We questioned him again, and yet again;

But every word that from the Peasant’s lips

590

Came in reply, translated by our feelings,

Ended in this, that we had crossed the Alps.

Imagination—here the Power so called

Through sad incompetence of human speech—

That awful Power rose from the Mind’s abyss

595

Like an unfathered vapour that enwraps

At once some lonely Traveller. I was lost,

Halted without an effort to break through;

But to my conscious soul I now can say,

“I recognize thy glory”; in such strength

600

Of usurpation, when the light of sense

Goes out, but with a flash that has revealed

The invisible world, doth Greatness make abode,

There harbours, whether we be young or old;

Our destiny, our being’s heart and home,

605

Is with infinitude, and only there;

With hope it is, hope that can never die,

Effort, and expectation, and desire,

And something evermore about to be.

Under such banners militant the Soul

610

Seeks for no trophies, struggles for no spoils,

That may attest her prowess, blest in thoughts

That are their own perfection and reward,

Strong in herself, and in beatitude

That hides her like the mighty flood of Nile

615

Poured from his fount of Abyssinian clouds

To fertilize the whole Egyptian plain.

The melancholy slackening that ensued

Upon those tidings by the Peasant given

Was soon dislodged; downwards we hurried fast

620

And, with the half-shaped road, which we had missed,

Entered a narrow chasm. The brook and road

Were fellow-Travellers in this gloomy Strait,

And with them did we journey several hours

At a slow pace. The immeasurable height

625

234 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of woods decaying, never to be decayed,

The stationary blasts of waterfalls,

And in the narrow rent at every turn

Winds thwarting winds, bewildered and forlorn,

The torrents shooting from the clear blue sky,

630

The rocks that muttered close upon our ears,

Black drizzling crags that spake by the way-side

As if a voice were in them, the sick sight

And giddy prospect of the raving stream,

The unfettered clouds, and region of the Heavens,

635

Tumult and peace, the darkness and the light—

Were all like workings of one mind, the features

Of the same face, blossoms upon one tree,

Characters of the great Apocalypse,

The types and symbols of Eternity,

640

Of first and last, and midst, and without end.

That night our lodging was a House that stood

Alone within the valley, at a point

Where tumbling from aloft a torrent swelled

The rapid stream whose margin we had trod;

645

A dreary Mansion large beyond all need,

With high and spacious rooms, deafened and stunned

By noise of waters, making innocent sleep

Lie melancholy among weary bones.

Uprisen betimes, our journey we renewed,

650

Led by the stream, ere noon-day magnified

Into a lordly river, broad and deep,

Dimpling along in silent majesty;

With mountains for its neighbours, and in view

Of distant mountains and their snowy tops;

655

And thus proceeding to Locarna’s Lake,

Fit resting-place for such a Visitant.

—Locarna, spreading out in width like Heaven,

How dost Thou cleave to the poetic Heart,

Bask in the sunshine of the memory!

660

And Como, thou a treasure whom the earth

Keeps to herself, confined as in a depth

Of Abyssinian privacy! I spake

Of thee, thy chestnut woods, and garden plots

The Prelude (1824–1829) 235

Of Indian corn tended by dark-eyed Maids,

665

Thy lofty steeps, and pathways roofed with vines

Winding from house to house, from town to town,

Sole link that binds them to each other, walks

League after league, and cloistral avenues

Where silence dwells, if music be not there;

670

While yet a Youth undisciplined in verse,

Through fond ambition of that hour, I strove

To chaunt your praise, nor can approach you now

Ungreeted by a more melodious Song

Where tones of Nature smoothed by learned Art

675

May flow in lasting current. Like a breeze

Or sunbeam, over your domain I passed

In motion without pause, but Ye have left

Your beauty with me, a serene accord

Of forms and colors, passive, yet endowed

680

In their submissiveness with power as sweet

And gracious, almost might I dare to say,

As virtue is, or goodness; sweet as love

Or the remembrance of a generous deed,

Or mildest visitations of pure thought

685

When God, the giver of all joy, is thanked

Religiously, in silent blessedness,

Sweet as this last herself, for such it is.

With those delightful pathways we advanced

For two days’ space in presence of the Lake,

690

That, stretching far among the Alps, assumed

A character more stern. The second night,

From sleep awakened, and misled by sound

Of the Church clock telling the hours with strokes

Whose import then we had not learned, we rose

695

By moon-light, doubting not that day was nigh,

And that, meanwhile, by no uncertain path

Along the winding margin of the lake

Led as before, we should behold the scene

Hushed in profound repose. We left the Town

700

Of Gravedona with this hope; but soon

Were lost, bewildered among woods immense,

And on a rock sate down, to wait for day.

236 The Poems of William Wordsworth

An open place it was, and overlooked,

From high, the sullen water far beneath,

705

On which a dull red image of the moon

Lay bedded, changing oftentimes its form

Like an uneasy snake. From hour to hour

We sate, and sate, wondering, as if the Night

Had been ensnared by witchcraft. On the rock

710

At last we stretched our weary limbs for sleep,

But could not sleep,—tormented by the stings

Of Insects, which with noise like that of noon

Filled all the woods. The cry of unknown birds;

The mountains, more by blackness visible

715

And their own size, than any outward light;

The breathless wilderness of clouds; the clock

That told with unintelligible voice

The widely-parted hours; the noise of streams;

And sometimes rustling motions nigh at hand

720

That did not leave us free from personal fear;

And lastly the withdrawing moon, that set

Before us while she still was high in heaven;

These were our food; and such a summer night

Followed that pair of golden days, that shed

725

On Como’s Lake and all that round it lay

Their fairest, softest, happiest influence.

But here I must break off, and bid farewell

To days each offering some new sight, or fraught

With some untried adventure, in a course

730

Prolonged till sprinklings of autumnal snow

Checked our unwearied steps. Let this alone

Be mentioned as a parting word, that not

In hollow exultation, dealing out

Hyperboles of praise comparative,

735

Not rich one moment to be poor for ever,

Not prostrate, overborne, as if the mind

Herself were nothing, a mere pensioner

On outward forms, did we in presence stand

Of that magnificent region. On the front

740

Of this whole Song is written, that my heart

Must in such Temple needs have offered up

The Prelude (1824–1829) 237

A different worship. Finally, whate’er

I saw, or heard, or felt, was but a stream

That flowed into a kindred Stream; a gale

745

Confederate with the current of the Soul

To speed my voyage; every sound or sight,

In its degree of power, administered

To grandeur or to tenderness, to the one

Directly, but to tender thoughts, by means

750

Less often instantaneous in effect:

Led me to these by paths that in the main

Were more circuitous, but not less sure

Duly to reach the point marked out by heaven.

Oh! most beloved Friend, a glorious time,

755

A happy time that was; triumphant looks

Were then the common language of all eyes:

As if awaked from sleep, the Nations hailed

Their great expectancy: the fife of War

Was then a spirit-stirring sound indeed,

760

A black-bird’s whistle in a budding grove.

We left the Swiss exulting in the fate

Of their near Neighbours: and, when shortening fast

Our pilgrimage, nor distant far from home,

We crossed the Brabant Armies, on the fret

765

For battle in the cause of Liberty.

A Stripling, scarcely of the household then

Of social life, I looked upon these things

As from a distance; heard, and saw, and felt,

Was touched, but with no intimate concern;

770

I seemed to move among them, as a bird

Moves through the air, or as a fish pursues

Its sport or feeds in its proper element;

I wanted not that joy, I did not need

Such help; the ever-living Universe,

775

Turn where I might, was opening out its glories;

And the independent Spirit of pure Youth

Called forth, at every season, new delights

Spread round my steps like sunshine o’er green fields.

238 The Poems of William Wordsworth

BOOK SEVENTH

residence in london

Six changeful years have vanished since I first

Poured out (saluted by that quickening breeze

Which met me issuing from the City’s Walls)

A glad preamble to this verse: I sang

Aloud with fervour irresistible

5

Of short-lived transport,—like a torrent bursting

From a black thunder cloud, down Scafell’s side

To rush and disappear. But soon broke forth

(So willed the Muse) a less impetuous Stream

That flowed awhile with unabating strength,

10

Then stopped for years; not audible again

Before last primrose-time. Beloved Friend!

The assurance which then cheared some heavy thoughts

On thy departure to a foreign Land

Has failed,—too slowly moves the promised Work;

15

Through the whole Summer have I been at rest,

Partly from voluntary holiday

And part through outward hinderance. But I heard,

After the hour of sunset yestereven,

Sitting within doors between light and dark,

20

A choir of redbreasts, gathered somewhere near

My threshold, Minstrels from the distant woods

Sent in on Winter’s service, to announce,

With preparation artful and benign,

That the rough Lord had left the surly north

25

On his accustomed journey. The delight

Due to this timely notice unawares

Smote me, and, listening, I in whispers said,

“Ye heartsome Choristers, ye and I will be

Associates, and unscared by blustering winds

30

Will chaunt together.” Thereafter, as the shades

Of twilight deepened, going forth I spied

A glow-worm underneath a dusky plume

Or canopy of yet unwithered fern

Clear-shining, like a Hermit’s taper seen

35

Through a thick forest. Silence touched me here

No less than sound had done before; the Child

The Prelude (1824–1829) 239

Of Summer, lingering, shining by herself,

The voiceless worm on the unfrequented hills,

Seemed sent on the same errand with the Choir

40

Of Winter that had warbled at my door;

And the whole year breathed tenderness and love.

The last night’s genial feeling overflowed

Upon this morning, and my favourite Grove,

Tossing in sunshine its dark boughs aloft

45

As if to make the strong wind visible,

Wakes in me agitations like its own,

A spirit friendly to the Poet’s task,

Which we will now resume with lively hope,

Nor checked by aught of tamer argument

50

That lies before us, needful to be told.

Returned from that excursion, soon I bade

Farewell for ever to the sheltered seats

Of gowned Students, quitted Hall and Bower

And every comfort of that privileged ground,

55

Well pleased to pitch a vagrant Tent among

The unfenced regions of society.

Yet undetermined to what course of life

I should adhere, and seeming to possess

A little space of intermediate time

60

At full command, to London first I turned,

In no disturbance of excessive hope,

By personal ambition unenslaved,

Frugal as there was need, and, though self-willed,

From dangerous passions free. Three years had flown

65

Since I had felt in heart and soul the shock

Of the huge Town’s first presence, and had paced

Her endless streets, a transient visitant.

Now, fixed amid that concourse of mankind

Where Pleasure whirls about incessantly,

70

Or life and labour seem but one, I filled

An Idler’s place—an Idler well content

To have a house (what matter for a home?)

That owned him; living chearfully abroad,

With unchecked fancy ever on the stir,

75

And all my young affections out of doors.

240 The Poems of William Wordsworth

There was a time, when whatsoe’er is feigned

Of airy palaces and gardens built

By Genii of Romance; or hath in grave

Authentic history been set forth of Rome,

80

Alcairo, Babylon, or Persepolis,

Or given upon report by Pilgrim Friars

Of golden Cities ten months’ journey deep

Among Tartarean Wilds, fell short, far short,

Of what my fond simplicity believed

85

And thought of London; held me by a chain

Less strong of wonder and obscure delight.

Whether the bolt of childhood’s Fancy shot

For me beyond its ordinary mark,

’Twere vain to ask, but in our flock of Boys

90

Was one, a Cripple from his birth, whom Chance

Summoned from School to London; fortunate

And envied Traveller! When the Boy returned

After short absence, curiously I scanned

His mien and person, nor was free, in sooth,

95

From disappointment, not to find some change

In look and air, from that new region brought

As if from fairy land. Much I questioned him,

And every word he uttered, on my ears

Fell flatter than a caged Parrot’s note,

100

That answers unexpectedly awry,

And mocks the Prompter’s listening. Marvellous things

Had Vanity (quick Spirit that appears

Almost as deeply seated and as strong

In a Child’s heart as Fear itself) conceived

105

For my enjoyment. Would that I could now

Recal what then I pictured to myself

Of mitred Prelates, Lords in ermine clad,

The King and the King’s Palace, and, not last

Nor least, heaven bless him! the renowned Lord Mayor;

110

Dreams not unlike to those which once begot

A change of purpose in young Whittington

When he, a friendless and a drooping Boy,

Sate on a Stone, and heard the bells speak out

Articulate music. Above all, one thought

115

The Prelude (1824–1829) 241

Baffled my understanding, how men lived

Even next-door neighbours, as we say, yet still

Strangers, nor knowing each the other’s name.

—Oh wondrous power of words, by simple faith

Licenced to take the meaning that we love!

120

Vauxhall and Ranelagh, I then had heard

Of your green groves, and wilderness of lamps

Dimming the stars, fire-works magical,

And gorgeous Ladies under splendid Domes

Floating in dance, or warbling high in air

125

The Songs of Spirits! Nor had Fancy fed

With less delight upon that other class

Of marvels, broad-day wonders permanent;

The River proudly bridged; the dizzy top

And Whispering Gallery of St Paul’s; the Tombs

130

Of Westminster; the Giants of Guildhall;

Bedlam, and those carved Maniacs at her gates

Perpetually recumbent; Statues, Man

And the horse under him, in gilded pomp,

Adorning flowery Gardens ’mid vast squares;

135

The Monument, and that chamber of the Tower

Where England’s Sovereigns sit in long array

Their Steeds bestriding, every mimic Shape

Cased in the gleaming mail the Monarch wore,

Whether for gorgeous tournament addressed

140

Or life, or death, upon the battle field.

Those bold Imaginations in due time

Had vanished, leaving others in their stead;

And now I looked upon the living scene,

Familiarly perused it, oftentimes,

145

In spite of strongest disappointment, pleased

Through courteous self-submission, as a tax

Paid to the object by prescriptive right.

Rise up, thou monstrous Ant-hill on the plain

Of a too busy world! Before me flow,

150

Thou endless stream of men and moving things!

Thy every day appearance as it strikes—

With wonder heightened or sublimed by awe—

On Strangers, of all ages,—the quick dance

242 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of colors, lights, and forms; the deafening din;

155

The comers and the goers face to face,

Face after face; the String of dazzling wares,

Shop after Shop, with Symbols, blazoned Names,

And all the Tradesman’s honors overhead;

Here, fronts of houses, like a title-page,

160

With letters huge inscribed from top to toe:

Stationed above the door, like guardian Saints,

There, allegoric shapes, female or male;

Or physiognomies of real men,

Land-Warriors, Kings, or Admirals of the Sea,

165

Boyle, Shakespeare, Newton; or the attractive head

Of some Quack-Doctor, famous in his day.

Meanwhile the roar continues, till at length,

Escaped as from an enemy, we turn

Abruptly into some sequestered nook,

170

Still as a sheltered place when winds blow loud!

At leisure thence through tracts of thin resort,

And sights and sounds that come at intervals,

We take our way: a raree-shew is here,

With Children gathered round; another street

175

Presents a Company of dancing-dogs;

Or Dromedary, with an antic pair

Of Monkies on his back,—a minstrel band

Of Savoyards,—or, single and alone,

An English ballad-singer. Private Courts,

180

Gloomy as coffins; and unsightly lanes

Thrilled by some female vendor’s scream, belike

The very shrillest of all London Cries,

May then entangle our impatient steps

Conducted through those labyrinths unawares

185

To priviledged Regions and inviolate,

Where, from their airy lodges, studious Lawyers

Look out on waters, walks, and gardens green.

Thence back into the throng, until we reach,

Following the tide that slackens by degrees,

190

Some half-frequented scene where wider streets

Bring straggling breezes of suburban air.

Here files of ballads dangle from dead walls;

The Prelude (1824–1829) 243

Advertisements of giant size from high

Press forward in all colors on the sight;

195

These bold in conscious merit, lower down

That, fronted with a most imposing word,

Is, peradventure, one in masquerade.

As on the broadening Causeway we advance,

Behold, turned upwards, a face hard and strong

200

In lineaments, and red with overtoil;

’Tis one encountered here and every-where,

A travelling Cripple by the trunk cut short,

And stumping on his arms. In Sailor’s garb,

Another lies at length beside a range

205

Of well-formed characters, with chalk inscribed

Upon the smooth flat stones: the Nurse is here,

The Bachelor that loves to sun himself,

The military Idler, and the Dame

That fieldward takes her walk, with decent steps.

210

Now homeward through the thickening hubbub, where

See, among less distinguishable shapes,

The begging Scavenger, with hat in hand;

The Italian, as he thrids his way with care,

Steadying, far-seen, a frame of Images

215

Upon his head; with basket at his waist

The Jew; the stately and slow-moving Turk

With freight of slippers piled beneath his arm!

—Enough—the mighty concourse I surveyed

With no unthinking mind, well pleased to note

220

Among the crowd, all specimens of man,

Through all the colors which the sun bestows

And every character of form and face;

The Swede, the Russian; from the genial South,

The Frenchman and the Spaniard; from remote

225

America, the Hunter-indian; Moors,

Malays, Lascars, the Tartar, the Chinese,

And Negro Ladies in white muslin Gowns.

At leisure then I viewed from day to day

The Spectacles within doors—birds and beasts

230

Of every nature, and strange Plants convened

From every clime; and next, those sights that ape

244 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The absolute presence of reality,

Expressing, as in mirror, sea and land,

And what earth is, and what she hath to shew.

235

I do not here allude to subtlest craft

By means refined attaining purest ends,

But imitations fondly made in plain

Confession of Man’s weakness and his loves;

Whether the Painter, whose ambitious skill

240

Submits to nothing less than taking in

A whole horizon’s circuit, do, with power

Like that of angels or commissioned Spirits,

Fix us upon some lofty Pinnacle,

Or in a Ship on Waters, with a World

245

Of Life, and life-like mockery, beneath,

Above, behind, far-stretching, and before;

Or more mechanic Artist represent

By scale exact, in model, wood or clay,

From blended colors also borrowing help,

250

Some miniature of famous Spots or Things,

St Peter’s Church, or, more aspiring aim,

In microscopic vision Rome herself;

Or haply some choice rural haunt, the Falls

Of Tivoli, and high upon that Steep

255

The Sybil’s mouldering Temple! every Tree,

Villa—or Cottage lurking among rocks

Throughout the landscape, tuft, stone, scratch minute—

All that the Traveller sees when he is there.

Add to these exhibitions, mute and still,

260

Others of wider scope, where living men,

Music, and shifting pantomimic scenes

Diversified the allurement. Need I fear

To mention by its name, as in degree

Lowest of these, and humblest in attempt,

265

Yet richly graced with honors of her own,

Half-rural Sadler’s Wells? Though at that time

Intolerant, as is the way of Youth,

Unless itself be pleased, here more than once

Taking my seat, I saw (nor blush to add,

270

With ample recompense) Giants and Dwarfs,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 245

Clowns, Conjurers, Posture-masters, Harlequins,

Amid the uproar of the rabblement,

Perform their feats. Nor was it mean delight

To watch crude Nature work in untaught minds;

275

To note the laws and progress of belief;

Though obstinate on this way, yet on that

How willingly we travel, and how far!

To have, for instance, brought upon the scene

The Champion Jack the Giant-Killer—Lo!

280

He dons his Coat of darkness; on the Stage

Walks, and achieves his wonders, from the eye

Of living mortal covert, as the moon

“Hid in her vacant interlunar Cave.”

Delusion bold! and how can it be wrought?

285

The garb he wears is black as death, the word

Invisible flames forth upon his chest!

Here too were “forms and pressures of the time,”

Rough, bold, as Grecian Comedy displayed

When Art was young, dramas of living Men;

290

And recent things yet warm with life—a Sea-fight,

Ship-wreck, or some domestic incident

Divulged by Truth, and magnified by Fame,

Such as the daring Brotherhood, of late,

Set forth, too serious theme for that light place!

295

I mean, O distant Friend! a story drawn

From our own ground, the Maid of Buttermere,

And how, unfaithful to a virtuous Wife

Deserted and deceived, the Spoiler came,

And wooed the artless Daughter of the Hills,

300

And wedded her, in cruel mockery

Of love and marriage bonds. These words to thee

Must needs bring back the moment when we first,

Ere the broad world rang with the Maiden’s name,

Beheld her serving at the Cottage Inn,

305

Both stricken, as she entered or withdrew,

With admiration of her modest mien

And carriage, marked by unexampled grace.

Not unfamiliarly we since that time

Have seen her; her discretion have observed,

310

246 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Her just opinions, delicate reserve,

Her patience, and humility of mind

Unspoiled by commendation, and the excess

Of public notice—an offensive light

To a meek spirit, suffering inwardly.

315

From this memorial Tribute, to my Theme

I was returning, when with sundry Forms

Commingled, Shapes which meet me in the way

That we must tread, thy Image rose again,

Maiden of Buttermere! She lives in peace,

320

Upon the Spot where she was born and reared;

Without contamination doth she live

In quietness, without anxiety.

Beside the mountain Chapel sleeps in earth

Her new-born Infant, fearless as a Lamb

325

That, thither driven from some unsheltered place,

Rests underneath the little rock-like Pile

When storms are raging. Happy are they both—

Mother and Child! These feelings, in themselves

Trite, do yet scarcely seem so when I think

330

On those ingenuous moments of our youth

Ere we have learnt by use to slight the crimes

And sorrows of the world. Those simple days

Are now my theme, and, foremost of the scenes

Which yet survive in memory, appears

335

One at whose centre sate a lovely boy,

A sportive Infant, who, for six months’ space,

Not more, had been of age to deal about

Articulate prattle; Child as beautiful

As ever clung around a Mother’s neck,

340

Or Father fondly gazed upon with pride!

There too, conspicuous for stature tall

And large dark eyes, beside her infant stood

The Mother—but, upon her cheeks diffused,

False tints too well accorded with the glare

345

From Play-house lustres thrown without reserve

On every Object near. The Boy had been

The pride and pleasure of all lookers-on

In whatsoever place; but seemed in this

The Prelude (1824–1829) 247

A sort of Alien scattered from the clouds.

350

Of lusty vigour, more than Infantine,

He was in limb, in cheek a summer rose

Just three parts blown—a Cottage Child, if e’er

By Cottage-door on breezy mountain side,

Or in some sheltering Vale, was seen a Babe

355

By Nature’s gifts so favored. Upon a Board

Decked with refreshments had this Child been placed,

His little Stage in the vast Theatre,

And there he sate, surrounded with a Throng

Of chance Spectators, chiefly dissolute Men

360

And shameless women; treated and caressed,

Ate, drank, and with the fruit and glasses played,

While oaths and laughter and indecent speech

Were rife about him as the songs of birds

Contending after showers. The Mother now

365

Is fading out of memory, but I see

The lovely Boy as I beheld him then,

Among the wretched and the falsely gay,

Like one of those who walked with hair unsinged

Amid the fiery furnace. Charms and spells

370

Muttered on black and spiteful instigation

Have stopped, as some believe, the kindliest growths;

Ah, with how different spirit might a prayer

Have been preferred, that this fair Creature, checked

By special privilege of Nature’s love,

375

Should in his Childhood be detained for ever!

But with its universal freight the tide

Hath rolled along, and this bright Innocent,

Mary! may now have lived till he could look

With envy on thy nameless Babe, that sleeps,

380

Beside the mountain Chapel, undisturbed!

Four rapid years had scarcely then been told

Since, travelling southward from our pastoral hills,

I heard, and for the first time in my life,

The voice of Woman utter blasphemy;

385

Saw Woman as she is to open shame

Abandoned, and the pride of public vice.

I shuddered, for a barrier seemed at once

248 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Thrown in, that from humanity divorced

Humanity, splitting the race of Man

390

In twain, yet leaving the same outward Form.

Distress of mind ensued upon the sight,

And ardent meditation. Later years

Brought to such spectacle a milder sadness,

Feelings of pure commiseration, grief

395

For the individual, and the overthrow

Of her Soul’s beauty; farther I was then

But seldom led, or wished to go; in truth

The sorrow of the passion stopped me there.

But let me now, less moved, in order take

400

Our argument. Enough is said to shew

How casual incidents of real life,

Observed where pastime only had been sought,

Outweighed, or put to flight, the set Events

And measured Passions of the Stage, albeit

405

By Siddons trod in the fullness of her power.

Yet was the Theatre my dear delight;

The very gilding, lamps and painted scrolls,

And all the mean upholstery of the place

Wanted not animation when the tide

410

Of pleasure ebbed but to return as fast

With the ever shifting Figures of the scene,

Solemn or gay: whether some beauteous Dame

Advanced in radiance through a deep recess

Of thick entangled forest, like the Moon

415

Opening the clouds; or sovereign King, announced

With flourishing Trumpet, came in full-blown State

Of the World’s greatness, winding round with Train

Of Courtiers, Banners, and a length of Guards;

Or Captive led in abject weeds, and jingling

420

His slender manacles; or romping Girl

Bounced, leapt, and pawed the air; or mumbling Sire,

A scare-crow pattern of old Age, dressed up

In all the tatters of infirmity

All loosely put together, hobbled in

425

Stumping upon a Cane, with which he smites,

From time to time, the solid boards, and makes them

The Prelude (1824–1829) 249

Prate somewhat loudly of the whereabout

Of one so overloaded with his years.

But what of this? the laugh, the grin, grimace,

430

The antics striving to outstrip each other,

Were all received, the least of them not lost,

With an unmeasured welcome. Through the night,

Between the shew, and many-headed mass

Of the Spectators, and each several nook

435

Filled with its fray or brawl, how eagerly,

And with what flashes, as it were, the mind

Turned this way, that way! Sportive and alert,

And watchful, as a kitten when at play

While winds are eddying round her, among straws

440

And rustling leaves. Enchanting age and sweet!

Romantic almost, looked at through a space

How small of intervening years! For then,

Though surely no mean progress had been made

In meditations holy and sublime,

445

Yet something of a girlish child-like gloss

Of novelty survived for scenes like these;

Enjoyment haply handed down from times

When at a Country-playhouse, some rude Barn

Tricked out for that proud use, if I perchance

450

Caught on a summer evening, through a chink

In the old wall, an unexpected glimpse

Of daylight, the bare thought of where I was

Gladdened me more than if I had been led

Into a dazzling Cavern of Romance,

455

Crowded with Genii busy among works

Not to be looked at by the common sun.

The matter that detains us now may seem

To many neither dignified enough

Nor arduous; yet will not be scorned by them

460

Who, looking inward, have observed the ties

That bind the perishable hours of life

Each to the other, and the curious props

By which the world of memory and thought

Exists, and is sustained. More lofty themes,

465

Such as at least do wear a prouder face,

250 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Solicit our regard; but when I think

Of these I feel the imaginative Power

Languish within me; even then it slept

When, pressed by tragic sufferings, the heart

470

Was more than full;—amid my sobs and tears

It slept, even in the pregnant season of Youth:

For though I was most passionately moved,

And yielded to all changes of the scene

With an obsequious promptness, yet the storm

475

Passed not beyond the suburbs of the mind;

Save when realities of act and mien,

The incarnation of the Spirits that move

In harmony amid the Poet’s world,

Rose to ideal grandeur, or, called forth

480

By power of contrast, made me recognize,

As at a glance, the things which I had shaped,

And yet not shaped, had seen, and scarcely seen,

When, having closed the mighty Shakespeare’s page,

I mused, and thought, and felt in solitude.

485

Pass we from entertainments that are such

Professedly, to others titled higher,

Yet, in the estimate of Youth at least,

More near akin to those than names imply;

I mean the brawls of Lawyers in their Courts

490

Before the ermined Judge; or that great Stage

Where Senators, tongue-favored men, perform,

Admired and envied. Oh! the beating heart,

When one among the prime of these rose up,

One, of whose name from Childhood we had heard

495

Familiarly, a household term, like those,

The Bedfords, Glo’sters, Salisburys of old

Whom the fifth Harry talks of. Silence! hush!

This is no trifler, no short-flighted wit,

No stammerer of a minute, painfully

500

Delivered, No! the Orator hath yoked

The Hours, like young Aurora, to his Car:

Thrice welcome Presence! how can patience e’er

Grow weary of attending on a track

That kindles with such glory! All are charmed,

505

The Prelude (1824–1829) 251

Astonished; like a Hero in Romance,

He winds away his never-ending horn;

Words follow words, sense seems to follow sense;

What memory and what logic! till the Strain

Transcendent, superhuman as it seemed,

510

Grows tedious even in a young Man’s ear.

—Genius of Burke! forgive the pen seduced

By specious wonders, and too slow to tell

Of what the ingenuous, what bewildered Men

Beginning to mistrust their boastful guides,

515

And wise men, willing to grow wiser, caught,

Rapt auditors! from thy most eloquent tongue—

Now mute, for ever mute, in the cold grave.

I see him, old but vigorous in age,

Stand, like an Oak whose stag-horn branches start

520

Out of its leafy brow, the more to awe

The younger brethren of the grove. But some—

While he forewarns, denounces, launches forth,

Against all systems built on abstract rights,

Keen ridicule; the majesty proclaims

525

Of Institutes and Laws hallowed by Time;

Declares the vital power of social ties

Endeared by Custom; and with high disdain

Exploding upstart Theory, insists

Upon the Allegiance to which Men are born—

530

Some—say at once a froward multitude—

Murmur (for truth is hated, where not loved)

As the winds fret within the Eolian cave,

Galled by their Monarch’s chain. The times were big

With ominous change which, night by night, provoked

535

Keen struggles, and black clouds of passion raised;

But memorable moments intervened

When Wisdom, like the Goddess from Jove’s brain,

Broke forth in armour of resplendent words,

Startling the Synod. Could a Youth, and one

540

In ancient story versed, whose breast had heaved

Under the weight of classic eloquence,

Sit, see, and hear, unthankful, uninspired?

Nor did the Pulpit’s oratory fail

252 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To achieve its higher triumph. Not unfelt

545

Were its admonishments, nor lightly heard

The awful truths delivered thence by tongues

Endowed with various power to search the soul;

Yet ostentation, domineering, oft

Poured forth harangues, how sadly out of place!

550

There have I seen a comely Bachelor,

Fresh from a toilette of two hours, ascend

His Rostrum, with seraphic glance look up;

And, in a tone elaborately low

Beginning, lead his voice through many a maze,

555

A minuet course; and, winding up his mouth,

From time to time, into an orifice

Most delicate, a lurking eyelet, small

And only not invisible, again

Open it out, diffusing thence a smile

560

Of rapt irradiation, exquisite.

Meanwhile the Evangelists, Isaiah, Job,

Moses, and he who penned, the other day,

The Death of Abel, Shakespear, and the Bard

Whose genius spangled o’er a gloomy theme

565

With fancies thick as his inspiring stars;

And Ossian (doubt not, ’tis the naked truth)

Summoned from streamy Morven, each and all

Would in their turn lend ornaments and flowers

To entwine the crook of eloquence that helped

570

This pretty Shepherd, pride of all the plains,

To rule, and guide his captivated Flock.

I glance but at a few conspicuous marks;

Leaving a thousand others that in hall,

Court, Theatre, Conventicle, or Shop,

575

In public Room or Private, Park or Street,

Each fondly reared on his own Pedestal,

Looked out for admiration. Folly, vice,

Extravagance in gesture, mien, and dress,

And all the strife of singularity; .

580

Lies to the ear, and lies to every sense,

Of these, and of the living shapes they wear,

There is no end. Such Candidates for regard,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 253

Although well pleased to be where they were found,

I did not hunt after, nor greatly prize,

585

Nor made unto myself a secret boast

Of reading them with quick and curious eye;

But as a common produce, things that are

Today—tomorrow will be, took of them

Such willing note as, on some errand bound

590

That asks not speed, a Traveller might bestow

On sea-shells that bestrew the sandy beach,

Or daisies swarming through the fields of June.

But foolishness and madness in parade,

Though most at home in this their dear domain,

595

Are scattered every where; no rarities

Even to the rudest novice of the Schools.

Me rather it employed to note, and keep

In memory, those individual sights

Of courage, or integrity, or truth,

600

Or tenderness, which, there set off by foil,

Appeared more touching. One will I select,

A Father—for he bore that sacred name!

Him saw I sitting in an open Square,

Upon a corner-stone of that low wall

605

Wherein were fixed the iron pales that fenced

A spacious Grass-plot: there in silence sate

This one Man, with a sickly Babe outstretched

Upon his knee, whom he had thither brought

For sunshine, and to breathe the fresher air.

610

Of those who passed, and me who looked at him,

He took no heed; but in his brawny arms

(The Artificer was to the elbow bare,

And from his work this moment had been stolen)

He held the Child, and, bending over it,

615

As if he were afraid both of the sun

And of the air which he had come to seek,

Eyed the poor Babe with love unutterable.

As the black storm upon the mountain top

Sets off the sunbeam in the Valley, so

620

That huge fermenting Mass of human-kind

Serves as a solemn background or relief

254 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To single forms and objects, whence they draw,

For feeling and contemplative regard,

More than inherent liveliness and power.

625

How oft amid those overflowing streets

Have I gone forward with the Crowd, and said

Unto myself, “The face of every one

That passes by me is a mystery!”

Thus have I looked, nor ceased to look, oppressed

630

By thoughts of what and whither, when and how,

Until the Shapes before my eyes became

A second-sight procession, such as glides

Over still mountains, or appears in dreams.

And once, far-travelled in such mood, beyond

635

The reach of common indication, lost

Amid the moving pageant, I was smitten

Abruptly with the view (a sight not rare)

Of a blind Beggar who, with upright face,

Stood propped against a Wall; upon his chest

640

Wearing a written paper to explain

His Story, whence he came, and who he was.

Caught by the spectacle, my mind turned round

As with the might of waters; an apt type

This Label seemed, of the utmost we can know

645

Both of ourselves and of the universe;

And on the Shape of that unmoving Man,

His steadfast face, and sightless eyes, I gazed

As if admonished from another world.

Though reared upon the base of outward things,

650

Structures like these the excited Spirit mainly

Builds for herself. Scenes different there are,

Full-formed, that take, with small internal help,

Possession of the faculties—the peace

That comes with night; the deep solemnity

655

Of Nature’s intermediate hours of rest,

When the great tide of human life stands still,

The business of the day to come—unborn,

Of that gone by—locked up as in the grave;

The blended calmness of the heavens and earth,

660

Moonlight, and stars, and empty streets, and sounds

The Prelude (1824–1829) 255

Unfrequent as in deserts: at late hours

Of winter evenings when unwholesome rains

Are falling hard, with people yet astir,

The feeble salutation from the voice

665

Of some unhappy woman, now and then

Heard as we pass; when no one looks about,

Nothing is listened to. But these, I fear,

Are falsely catalogued; things that are, are not,

As the mind answers to them, or the heart

670

Is prompt or slow to feel. What say you, then,

To times when half the City shall break out

Full of one passion, vengeance, rage, or fear?

To executions, to a Street on fire,

Mobs, riots, or rejoicings? From these sights

675

Take one, that annual Festival, the Fair

Holden where Martyrs suffered in past time,

And named of St Bartholomew; there see

A work completed to our hands, that lays,

If any spectacle on earth can do,

680

The whole creative powers of Man asleep!

For once the Muse’s help will we implore,

And she shall lodge us, wafted on her wings,

Above the press and danger of the Crowd,

Upon some Shewman’s platform. What a shock

685

For eyes and ears! what anarchy and din

Barbarian and infernal—a phantasma

Monstrous in color, motion, shape, sight, sound!

Below, the open space, through every nook

Of the wide area, twinkles, is alive

690

With heads; the midway region and above

Is thronged with staring pictures, and huge scrolls,

Dumb proclamations of the Prodigies!

With chattering monkeys dangling from their poles,

And children whirling in their roundabouts;

695

With those that stretch the neck, and strain the eyes;

And crack the voice in rivalship, the crowd

Inviting; with buffoons against buffoons

Grimacing, writhing, screaming, him who grinds

The hurdy-gurdy, at the fiddle weaves,

700

256 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Rattles the salt-box, thumps the Kettle-drum;

And him who at the trumpet puffs his cheeks;

The silver-collared Negro with his timbrel;

Equestrians, tumblers, women, girls, and boys,

Blue-breeched, pink-vested, with high-towering plumes.

705

—All moveables of wonder from all parts

Are here, Albinos, painted-Indians, Dwarfs,

The Horse of Knowledge, and the learned Pig,

The Stone-eater, the Man that swallows fire—

Giants; Ventriloquists, the Invisible-girl,

710

The Bust that speaks, and moves its goggling eyes,

The Wax-work, Clock-work, all the marvellous craft

Of modern Merlins, Wild-beasts, Puppet-shews,

All out-o’th’-way, far-fetched, perverted things,

All freaks of Nature, all Promethean thoughts

715

Of man; his dullness, madness, and their feats,

All jumbled up together, to compose

A Parliament of Monsters. Tents and Booths,

Meanwhile, as if the whole were one vast mill,

Are vomiting, receiving, on all sides,

720

Men, Women, three-years’ Children, Babes in arms.

Oh blank confusion! true epitome

Of what the mighty City is herself

To thousands upon thousands of her Sons,

Living amid the same perpetual whirl

725

Of trivial objects, melted and reduced

To one identity, by differences

That have no law, no meaning, and no end;

Oppression under which even highest minds

Must labour, whence the strongest are not free!

730

But though the picture weary out the eye,

By nature an unmanageable sight,

It is not wholly so to him who looks

In steadiness, who hath among least things

An undersense of greatest; sees the parts

735

As parts, but with a feeling of the whole.

This, of all acquisitions first, awaits

On sundry and most widely different modes

Of education; nor with least delight

The Prelude (1824–1829) 257

On that through which I passed. Attention springs,

740

And comprehensiveness and memory flow,

From early converse with the works of God,

Among all regions; chiefly where appear

Most obviously simplicity and power.

Think, how the everlasting streams and woods,

745

Stretched and still stretching far and wide, exalt

The roving Indian: on his desart sands

What grandeur not unfelt, what pregnant show

Of beauty meets the sun-burnt Arab’s eye!

And as the Sea propels from Zone to Zone

750

Its currents, magnifies its Shoals of life

Beyond all compass spread, and sends aloft

Armies of Clouds, even so, its powers and aspects

Shape for Mankind, by principles as fixed,

The views and aspirations of the Soul

755

To majesty. Like Virtue have the forms

Perennial of the ancient hills; nor less

The changeful language of their countenances

Quickens the slumbering mind, and aids the thoughts,

However multitudinous, to move

760

With order and relation. This, if still,

As hitherto, in freedom I may speak,

And the same perfect openness of mind,

Not violating any just restraint,

As may be hoped, of real modesty,

765

This did I feel in London’s vast Domain;

The Spirit of Nature was upon me there;

The Soul of Beauty and enduring life

Vouchsafed her inspiration; and diffused,

Through meagre lines and colours, and the press

770

Of self-destroying transitory things,

Composure, and ennobling harmony.

BOOK EIGHTH

retrospect, love of nature leading to love of man

What sounds are those, Helvellyn, that are heard

Up to thy summit? Through the depth of air

Ascending, as if distance had the power

258 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To make the sounds more audible; what Crowd

Covers, or sprinkles o’er, yon Village green?

5

Crowd seems it, solitary hill! to thee,

Though but a little Family of Men,

Shepherds and Tillers of the ground—betimes

Assembled with their Children and their Wives,

And here and there a Stranger interspersed.

10

They hold a rustic Fair:—a festival

Such as, on this side now and now on that,

Repeated through his tributary Vales,

Helvellyn, in the silence of his rest,

Sees annually, if clouds towards either ocean

15

Blown from their favorite resting-place, or mists

Dissolved have left him an unshrouded head.

Delightful day it is for all who dwell

In this secluded Glen, and eagerly

They give it welcome. Long ere heat of noon,

20

From Byre or field the Kine were brought; the sheep

Are penned in Cotes, the chaffering is begun.

The Heifer lows, uneasy at the voice

Of a new Master; bleat the Flocks aloud;

Booths are there none; a Stall or two is here;

25

A lame Man, or a blind, the one to beg,

The other to make music; hither, too,

From far, with Basket slung upon her arm

Of Hawker’s wares, books, pictures, combs, and pins,

Some aged Woman finds her way again,

30

Year after year, a punctual Visitant!

There also stands a Speech-maker by rote,

Pulling the strings of his boxed raree-shew;

And in the lapse of many years may come

Prouder Itinerant, Mountebank, or He

35

Whose wonders in a covered Wain lie hid.

But One there is, the loveliest of them all,

Some sweet Lass of the Valley, looking out

For gains, and who that sees her would not buy?

Fruits of her Father’s Orchard are her wares,

40

And with the ruddy produce she walks round

Among the crowd, half-pleased with, half-ashamed

The Prelude (1824–1829) 259

Of her new office, blushing restlessly.

The Children now are rich, for the old today

Are generous as the young, and if, content

45

With looking on, some ancient wedded Pair

Sit in the shade together, while they gaze,

“A cheerful smile unbends the wrinkled brow,

The days departed start again to life,

And all the scenes of Childhood reappear,

50

Faint, but more tranquil, like the changing sun

To him who slept at noon and wakes at eve.”

Thus gaiety and cheerfulness prevail,

Spreading from young to old, from old to young,

And no one seems to want his part.—Immense

55

Is the Recess, the circumambient World

Magnificent by which they are embraced.

They move about upon the soft green turf:

How little they, they and their doings seem,

And all that they can further or obstruct!

60

Through utter weakness pitiably dear,

As tender Infants are: and yet how great!

For all things serve them: them the morning light

Loves as it glistens on the silent rocks,

And them the silent rocks, which now from high

65

Look down upon them: the reposing Clouds,

The wild Brooks prattling from invisible haunts,

And old Helvellyn, conscious of the stir

Which animates this day their calm abode.

With deep devotion, Nature, did I feel,

70

In that enormous City’s turbulent world

Of men and things, what benefit lowed

To Thee and those Domains of rural peace

Where to the sense of beauty first my heart

Was opened; tract more exquisitely fair

75

Than that famed Paradise of ten thousand trees,

Or Gehol’s matchless Gardens, for delight

Of the Tartarian Dynasty, composed

(Beyond that mighty Wall, not fabulous,

  “These lines are from a descriptive Poem—‘Malvern Hills’—by one of Mr. Wordsworth’s

oldest friends, Mr. Joseph Cottle.” This note appears in the first edition of The Prelude,

850, prepared for the press by his nephew Christopher Wordsworth, Jr.

260 The Poems of William Wordsworth

China’s stupendous mound) by patient toil

80

Of myriads and boon Nature’s lavish help;

There, in a clime from widest empire chosen,

Fulfilling (could enchantment have done more?)

A sumptuous dream of flowery lawns, with Domes

Of pleasure sprinkled over, shady dells

85

For Eastern Monasteries, sunny Mounts

With temples crested, bridges, gondolas,

Rocks, dens;—and groves of foliage taught to melt

Into each other their obsequious hues,

Vanished and vanishing in subtile chase,

90

Too fine to be pursued; or standing forth

In no discordant opposition, strong

And gorgeous as the colors side by side

Bedded among rich plumes of Tropic birds;

And mountains over all, embracing all;

95

And all the Landscape endlessly enriched

With waters running, falling, or asleep.

But lovelier far than this the Paradise

Where I was reared; in Nature’s primitive gifts

Favoured no less, and more to every sense

100

Delicious, seeing that the sun and sky,

The elements, and seasons as they change,

Do find a worthy fellow-labourer there;

Man free, man working for himself, with choice

Of time, and place, and object; by his wants,

105

His comforts, native occupations, cares,

Chearfully led to individual ends

Or social, and still followed by a train

Unwooed, unthought-of even, simplicity

And beauty, and inevitable grace.

110

Yea, when a glimpse of those imperial bowers

Would to a Child be transport over-great,

When but a half-hour’s roam through such a place

Would leave behind a dance of images

That shall break in upon his sleep for weeks;

115

Even then the common haunts of the green earth

And ordinary interests of man

Which they embosom, all without regard

The Prelude (1824–1829) 261

As both may seem, are fastening on the heart

Insensibly, each with the other’s help.

120

For me, when my affections first were led

From kindred, friends, and playmates, to partake

Love for the human creature’s absolute self,

That noticeable kindliness of heart

Sprang out of fountains, there abounding most,

125

Where sovereign Nature dictated the tasks

And occupations which her beauty adorned;

And Shepherds were the Men that pleased me first.

Not such as Saturn ruled ’mid Latian wilds,

With laws and arts so tempered, that their lives

130

Left, even to us toiling in this late day,

A bright tradition of the golden age;

Not such as, ’mid Arcadian fastnesses

Sequestered, handed down among themselves

Felicity in Grecian song renowned;—

135

Nor such as, when an adverse fate had driven

From house and home the courtly Band, whose fortunes

Entered, with Shakespeare’s genius, the wild woods

Of Arden, amid sunshine or in shade,

Culled the best fruits of Time’s uncounted hours,

140

Ere Phœbe sighed for the false Ganymede;

Or there, where Perdita and Florizel

Together danced, Queen of the feast and King;

Nor such as Spenser fabled.— True it is

That I had heard (what he perhaps had seen)

145

Of Maids at sunrise, bringing in from far

Their May-bush, and along the street in flocks

Parading with a Song of taunting rhymes

Aimed at the Laggards slumbering within doors;

Had also heard, from those who yet remembered,

150

Tales of the May-pole dance, and wreaths that decked

Porch, door-way, or Kirk-pillar; and of Youths,

Each with his Maid, before the sun was up,

By annual custom issuing forth in troops

To drink the Waters of some sainted Well

155

And hang it round with garlands. Love survives,

But for such purpose flowers no longer grow.

262 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The times too sage, perhaps too proud, have dropped

These lighter graces; and the rural ways

And manners which my childhood looked upon

160

Were the unluxuriant produce of a life

Intent on little but substantial needs,

Yet rich in beauty, beauty that was felt.

But images of danger and distress,

Man suffering among awful Powers and Forms;

165

Of this I heard and saw enough to make

Imagination restless; nor was free

Myself from frequent perils, nor were tales

Wanting, the tragedies of former times,

Hazards and strange escapes, of which the rocks

170

Immutable, and everflowing streams,

Where’er I roamed, were speaking monuments.

Smooth life had Flock and Shepherd in old time,

Long springs and tepid winters, on the banks

Of delicate Galesus; and no less

175

Those scattered along Adria’s myrtle shores;

Smooth life had Herdsman, and his snow-white Herd,

To triumphs and to sacrificial Rites

Devoted, on the inviolable Stream

Of rich Clitumnus; and the Goatherd lived

180

As calmly, underneath the pleasant brows

Of cool Lucretilis, where the pipe was heard

Of Pan, invisible God, thrilling the rocks

With tutelary music, from all harm

The Fold protecting. I myself, mature

185

In manhood then, have seen a pastoral Tract

Like one of these, where Fancy might run wild,

Though under skies less generous, less serene.

There, for her own delight, had Nature framed

A Pleasure-ground, diffused a fair expanse

190

Of level pasture, islanded with groves

And banked with woody risings; but the plain

Endless; here opening widely out, and there

Shut up in lesser lakes or beds of lawn

And intricate recesses, creek, or bay

195

Sheltered within a shelter, where at large

The Prelude (1824–1829) 263

The Shepherd strays, a rolling hut his home.

Thither he comes with spring-time, there abides

All summer, and at sunrise ye may hear

His flagelet to liquid notes of love

200

Attuned, or spritely fife resounding far.

Nook is there none, nor strait of that vast space

Where passage opens, but the same shall have

In turn its Visitant, telling there his hours

In unlaborious pleasure, with no task

205

More toilsome than to carve a beechen bowl

For Spring or Fountain, which the Traveller finds

When through the region he pursues at will

His devious course. A glimpse of such sweet life

I saw when, from the melancholy walls

210

Of Goslar, once Imperial! I renewed

My daily walk along that wide Champaign,

That, reaching to her Gates, spreads east and west,

And northwards, from beneath the mountainous verge

Of the Hercynian forest. Yet hail to You,

215

Moors, mountains, headlands, and Ye hollow Vales,

Ye long deep channels for the Atlantic’s voice,

Powers of my native region.— Ye that seize

The heart with firmer grasp! Your snows and streams

Ungovernable, and your terrifying winds

220

That howl so dismally for him who treads,

Companionless, your awful Solitudes!

There ’tis the Shepherd’s task, the winter long,

To wait upon the Storms: of their approach

Sagacious, into sheltering coves he drives

225

His flock, and thither from the homestead bears

A toilsome burden up the craggy ways,

And deals it out, their regular nourishment

Strewn on the frozen snow. And when the Spring

Looks out, and all the pastures dance with lambs,

230

And when the Flock, with warmer weather, climbs

Higher and higher, him his office leads

To watch their goings, whatsoever track

The wanderers chuse. For this he quits his home

At day-spring, and no sooner doth the sun

235

264 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Begin to strike him with a fire-like heat

Than he lies down upon some shining rock

And breakfasts with his Dog. When they have stolen,

As is their wont, a pittance from strict time,

For rest, not needed, or exchange of love,

240

Then from his couch he starts; and now his feet

Crush out a livelier fragrance from the flowers

Of lowly thyme, by Nature’s skill enwrought

In the wild turf: the lingering dews of morn

Smoke round him, as from hill to hill he hies,

245

His staff portending like a Hunter’s Spear,

Or by its aid leaping from crag to crag

And o’er the brawling beds of unbridged streams.

Philosophy, methinks, at Fancy’s call

Might deign to follow him through what he does

250

Or sees in his day’s march; himself he feels,

In those vast regions where his service lies,

A Freeman; wedded to his life of hope

And hazard, and hard labour interchanged

With that majestic indolence so dear

255

To native Man. A rambling School-boy, thus

I felt his presence in his own domain

As of a Lord and Master; or a Power

Or Genius, under Nature, under God

Presiding; and severest solitude

260

Had more commanding looks when he was there.

When up the lonely brooks on rainy days

Angling I went, or trod the trackless hills

By mists bewildered, suddenly mine eyes

Have glanced upon him distant a few steps,

265

In size a Giant, stalking through thick fog,

His sheep like Greenland bears; or, as he stepped

Beyond the boundary line of some hill-shadow,

His form hath flashed upon me, glorified

By the deep radiance of the setting sun:

270

Or him have I descried in distant sky,

A solitary object and sublime,

Above all height! like an aerial cross

Stationed alone upon a spiry rock

The Prelude (1824–1829) 265

Of the Chartreuse, for worship. Thus was Man

275

Ennobled outwardly before my sight,

And thus my heart was early introduced

To an unconscious love and reverence

Of human nature; hence the human Form

To me became an index of delight,

280

Of grace, and honor, power, and worthiness.

Meanwhile this Creature, spiritual almost

As those of Books, but more exalted far;

Far more of an imaginative Form

Than the gay Corin of the groves, who lives

285

For his own fancies, or to dance by the hour

In coronal, with Phillis in the midst—

Was, for the purposes of Kind, a Man

With the most common; husband, father; learned,

Could teach, admonish, suffered with the rest

290

From vice and folly, wretchedness and fear;

Of this I little saw, cared less for it;

But something must have felt.

Call ye these appearances

Which I beheld of Shepherds in my youth,

This sanctity of Nature given to man—

295

A shadow, a delusion, ye who pore

On the dead letter, miss the spirit of things;

Whose truth is not a motion or a shape

Instinct with vital functions, but a Block

Or waxen image which yourselves have made,

300

And ye adore. But blessed be the God

Of Nature and of Man, that this was so,

That men before my inexperienced eyes

Did first present themselves thus purified,

Removed, and to a distance that was fit.

305

And so we all of us in some degree

Are led to knowledge, whencesoever led

And howsoever; were it otherwise,

And we found evil fast as we find good

In our first years, or think that it is found,

310

How could the innocent heart bear up and live?

But doubly fortunate my lot; not here

266 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Alone, that something of a better life

Perhaps was round me than it is the privilege

Of most to move in, but that first I looked

315

At Man through objects that were great or fair,

First communed with him by their help. And thus

Was founded a sure safeguard and defence

Against the weight of meanness, selfish cares,

Coarse manners, vulgar passions, that beat in

320

On all sides from the ordinary world

In which we traffic. Starting from this point,

I had my face turned tow’rd the truth, began

With an advantage furnished by that kind

Of prepossession without which the soul

325

Receives no knowledge that can bring forth good,

No genuine insight ever comes to her.

From the restraint of over-watchful eyes

Preserved, I moved about, year after year

Happy, and now most thankful, that my walk

330

Was guarded from too early intercourse

With the deformities of crowded life,

And those ensuing laughters and contempts

Self-pleasing, which, if we would wish to think

With a due reverence on earth’s rightful Lord,

335

Here placed to be the Inheritor of heaven,

Will not permit us; but pursue the mind

That to devotion willingly would rise,

Into the Temple, and the Temple’s heart.

Yet deem not, Friend, that human-kind with me

340

Thus early took a place preeminent;

Nature herself was at this unripe time

But secondary to my own pursuits

And animal activities, and all

Their trivial pleasures: and when these had drooped

345

And gradually expired, and Nature, prized

For her own sake, became my joy, even then—

And upwards through late youth, until not less

Than two and twenty summers had been told—

Was Man in my affections and regards

350

Subordinate to her; her visible Forms

The Prelude (1824–1829) 267

And viewless agencies: a passion she,

A rapture often, and immediate love

Ever at hand; he only a delight

Occasional, an accidental grace,

355

His hour being not yet come. Far less had then

The inferior Creatures, beast or bird, attuned

(Though they had long been carefully observed)

My Spirit to that gentleness of love,

Won from me those minute obeisances

360

Of tenderness, which I may number now

With my first blessings. Nevertheless on these

The light of beauty did not fall in vain,

Or grandeur circumfuse them to no end.

But when that first poetic Faculty

365

Of plain imagination and severe,

No longer a mute influence of the soul,

Ventured at some rash Muse’s earnest call

To try her strength among harmonious words,

And to book-notions and the rules of art

370

Did knowingly conform itself; there came

Among the simple shapes of human life

A wilfulness of fancy and conceit;

And Nature and her objects beautified

These fictions, as in some sort, in their turn,

375

They burnished her. From touch of this new Power

Nothing was safe: the Elder tree that grew

Beside the well known charnel-house had then

A dismal look: the yew-tree had its ghost

That took his Station there, for ornament;

380

The dignities of plain occurrence then

Were tasteless, and truth’s golden mean, a point

Where no sufficient pleasure could be found.

Then if a Widow, staggering with the blow

Of her distress, was known to have turned her steps

385

To the cold grave in which her Husband slept,

One night, or haply more than one, through pain

Or half insensate impotence of mind,

The fact was caught at greedily, and there

She must be visitant the whole year through,

390

268 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Wetting the turf with never-ending tears.

Through quaint obliquities I might pursue

These cravings: when the Fox-glove, one by one,

Upwards through every Stage of the tall stem

Had shed beside the public way its bells,

395

And stood of all dismantled, save the last

Left at the tapering ladder’s top, that seemed

To bend as doth a slender blade of grass

Tipped with a rain drop; Fancy loved to seat

Beneath the plant, despoiled but crested still

400

With this last relic, soon itself to fall,

Some Vagrant Mother, whose arch Little-ones,

All unconcerned by her dejected plight,

Laughed, as with rival eagerness their hands

Gathered the purple cups that round them lay

405

Strewing the turf’s green slope.

A diamond light

(Whene’er the summer sun, declining, smote

A smooth rock wet with constant springs) was seen

Sparkling from out a copse-clad bank that rose

Fronting our Cottage. Oft beside the hearth

410

Seated with open door, often and long

Upon this restless lustre have I gazed

That made my fancy restless as itself.

’Twas now for me a burnished silver shield

Suspended over a Knight’s tomb, who lay

415

Inglorious, buried in the dusky wood:

An entrance now into some magic cave

Or Palace built by Fairies of the Rock.

Nor could I have been bribed to disenchant

The Spectacle, by visiting the Spot.

420

Thus wilful fancy, in no hurtful mood,

Engrafted far-fetched Shapes on feelings bred

By pure imagination: busy Power

She was, and with her ready Pupil turned

Instinctively to human passions, then

425

Least understood. Yet, ’mid the fervent swarm

Of these vagaries, with an eye so rich

As mine was through the bounty of a grand

The Prelude (1824–1829) 269

And lovely region, I had forms distinct

To steady me: each airy thought revolved

430

Round a substantial centre which at once

Incited it to motion, and controlled.

I did not pine like One in cities bred,

As was thy melancholy lot, dear Friend!

Great Spirit as thou art, in endless dreams

435

Of sickliness, disjoining, joining things

Without the light of knowledge. Where the harm

If, when the Woodman languished with disease

Induced by sleeping nightly on the ground

Within his sod-built Cabin, Indian-wise,

440

I called the pangs of disappointed love

And all the sad etcetera of the wrong

To help him to his grave? Meanwhile the Man,

If not already from the woods retired

To die at home, was haply, as I knew,

445

Withering by slow degrees, ’mid gentle airs,

Birds, running Streams, and hills so beautiful

On golden evenings, while the charcoal Pile

Breathed up its smoke, an image of his ghost

Or spirit that full soon must take her flight.

450

Nor shall we not be tending towards that point

Of sound humanity to which our Tale

Leads, though by sinuous ways, if here I shew

How Fancy, in a season when she wove

Those slender cords, to guide the unconscious Boy

455

For the Man’s sake, could feed at Nature’s call

Some pensive musings which might well beseem

Maturer years.

A grove there is whose boughs

Stretch from the western marge of Thurston-mere,

With length of shade so thick that whoso glides

460

Along the line of low-roofed water moves

As in a cloister. Once, while in that shade

Loitering, I watched the golden beams of light

Flung from the setting sun, as they reposed

In silent beauty on the naked ridge

465

Of a high eastern hill. Thus flowed my thoughts

270 The Poems of William Wordsworth

In a pure stream of words fresh from the heart:

“Dear native Region, wheresoe’er shall close

My mortal course, there will I think on you:

Dying, will cast on you a backward look,

470

Even as this setting sun (albeit the Vale

Is no where touched by one memorial gleam)

Doth with the fond remains of his last power

Still linger, and a farewell lustre sheds

On the dear mountain-tops where first he rose.”

475

Enough of humble arguments! recal,

My Song, those high emotions which thy voice

Has heretofore made known, that bursting forth

Of sympathy, inspiring and inspired,

When every where a vital pulse was felt,

480

And all the several frames of things, like stars

Through every magnitude distinguishable,

Shone mutually indebted, or half lost

Each in the other’s blaze, a galaxy

Of life and glory. In the midst stood Man,

485

Outwardly, inwardly contemplated,

As of all visible natures crown, though born

Of dust and Kindred to the worm, a Being,

Both in perception and discernment, first

In every capability of rapture,

490

Through the divine effect of power and love,

As, more than any thing we know, instinct

With Godhead, and by reason and by will

Acknowledging dependency sublime.

Erelong, the lonely Mountains left, I moved

495

Begirt from day to day with temporal shapes

Of vice and folly thrust upon my view,

Objects of sport, and ridicule, and scorn,

Manners and characters discriminate,

And little bustling passions that eclipsed,

500

As well they might, the impersonated thought,

The Idea or abstraction of the Kind.

An Idler among academic Bowers,

Such was my new condition, as at large

Has been set forth; yet here the vulgar light

505

The Prelude (1824–1829) 271

Of present, actual, superficial life,

Gleaming through coloring of other times,

Old usages, and local privilege,

Was welcome, softened, if not solemnized;

This notwithstanding, being brought more near

510

To vice and guilt, forerunning wretchedness,

I trembled—thought at times of human life

With an indefinite terror and dismay,

Such as the storms and angry elements

Had bred in me, but gloomier far, a dim

515

Analogy to uproar and misrule,

Disquiet, danger, and obscurity.

—It might be told (but wherefore speak of things

Common to all?) that, seeing, I was led

Gravely to ponder, judging between good

520

And evil, not as for the mind’s delight

But for her guidance, one who was to act,

As sometimes to the best of feeble means

I did, by human sympathy impelled: .

And through dislike and most offensive pain

525

Was to the truth conducted; of this faith

Never forsaken, that by acting well

And understanding, I should learn to love,

The end of life, and every thing we know.

Grave Teacher! stern Preceptress! for at times

530

Thou canst put on an aspect most severe;

London, to thee I willingly return.

Erewhile my verse played idly with the flowers

Enwrought upon thy mantle, satisfied

With that amusement, and a simple look

535

Of child-like inquisition now and then

Cast upwards on thy countenance, to detect

Some inner meanings which might harbour there.

But how could I in mood so light indulge,

Keeping such fresh remembrance of the day

540

When, having thridded the long labyrinth

Of the suburban villages, I first

Entered thy vast Dominion? On the roof

Of an itinerant Vehicle I sate,

272 The Poems of William Wordsworth

With vulgar men about me, trivial forms

545

Of houses, pavement, streets, of men and things;

Mean shapes on every side: but at the instant

When to myself it fairly might be said,

The threshold now is overpassed,—(how strange

That aught external to the living mind

550

Should have such mighty sway! Yet so it was)

A weight of ages did at once descend

Upon my heart, no thought embodied, no

Distinct remembrances; but weight and power,—

Power growing under weight: alas! I feel

555

That I am trifling: ’twas a moment’s pause—

All that took place within me came and went

As in a moment, yet with Time it dwells

And grateful memory, as a thing divine.

The curious Traveller who from open day

560

Hath passed with torches into some huge cave,

The Grotto of Antiparos, or the Den

In old time haunted by that Danish Witch

Yordas, he looks around and sees the Vault

Widening on all sides; sees, or thinks he sees,

565

Erelong the massy roof above his head,

That instantly unsettles and recedes,—

Substance and shadow, light and darkness, all

Commingled, making up a Canopy

Of shapes and forms, and tendencies to shape

570

That shift and vanish, change and interchange

Like Spectres, ferment silent and sublime!

That, after a short space, works less and less

Till, every effort, every motion gone,

The scene before him stands in perfect view

575

Exposed, and lifeless as a written book!

—But let him pause awhile, and look again,

And a new quickening shall succeed, at first

Beginning timidly, then creeping fast,

Till the whole Cave, so late a senseless mass,

580

Busies the eye with images and forms

Boldly assembled,—here is shadowed forth

From the projections, wrinkles, cavities,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 273

A variegated landscape, there the shape

Of some gigantic Warrior clad in mail,

585

The ghostly Semblance of a hooded Monk,

Veiled Nun, or Pilgrim resting on his staff,—

Strange congregation! yet not slow to meet

Eyes that perceive through Minds that can inspire.

Even in such sort had I at first been moved,

590

Nor otherwise continued to be moved,

As I explored the vast metropolis,

Fount of my Country’s destiny and the World’s;

That great Emporium, Chronicle at once

And burial-place of passions, and their home

595

Imperial, their chief living residence.

With strong sensations teeming as it did

Of past and present, such a place must needs

Have pleased me, seeking knowledge at that time

Far less than craving power, yet knowledge came,

600

Sought or unsought, and influxes of power

Came of themselves, or at her call derived

In fits of kindliest apprehensiveness

From all sides, when whate’er was in itself

Capacious found, or seemed to find, in me

605

A correspondent amplitude of mind;

Such is the strength and glory of our Youth.

The human nature unto which I felt

That I belonged, and reverenced with love,

Was not a punctual Presence, but a spirit

610

Diffused through time and space, with aid derived

Of evidence from monuments, erect,

Prostrate, or leaning towards their common rest

In earth, the widely scattered wreck sublime

Of vanished Nations, or more clearly drawn

615

From Books, and what they picture and record.

’Tis true the History of our native Land,

With those of Greece compared and popular Rome,

And in our high-wrought modern Narratives

Stript of their harmonizing soul, the life

620

Of manners and familiar incidents,

Had never much delighted me. And less

274 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Than other Intellects had mine been used

To lean upon extrinsic circumstance

Of record or tradition: but a sense

625

Of what in the great City had been done

And suffered, and was doing, suffering still,

Weighed with me, could support the test of thought,

And, in despite of all that had gone by,

Or was departing never to return,

630

There I conversed with majesty and power

Like independent Nature’s. Hence the place

Was thronged with Impregnations, like the Wilds,

In which my early feelings had been nursed,

Bare hills and vallies—full of caverns, rocks,

635

And audible seclusions, dashing lakes,

Echoes and waterfalls, and pointed crags

That into music touch the passing wind.

Here then a young Imagination found

No uncongenial element, could here

640

Among new objects serve or give command

Even as the heart’s occasions might require

To forward Reason’s else too scrupulous march.

The effect was still more elevated views

Of human nature. Neither vice nor guilt,

645

Debasement undergone by body or mind,

Nor all the misery forced upon my sight,

Misery not lightly passed, but sometimes scanned

Most feelingly, could overthrow my trust

In what we may become, induce belief

650

That I was ignorant, had been falsely taught,

A Solitary, who with vain conceits

Had been inspired, and walked about in dreams.

From those sad scenes when meditation turned,

Lo! every thing that was indeed divine

655

Retained its purity inviolate,

Nay brighter shone, by this portentous gloom

Set off; such opposition as aroused

The mind of Adam, yet in Paradise,

Though fallen from bliss, when in the East he saw

660

Darkness ere day’s mid course, and morning light

The Prelude (1824–1829) 275

More orient in the western cloud, that drew

O’er the blue firmament a radiant white,

Descending slow, with something heavenly fraught.

Add also that among the multitudes

665

Of that huge City, oftentimes was seen

Affectingly set forth, more than elsewhere

Is possible, the unity of man,

One spirit over ignorance and vice

Predominant, in good and evil hearts

670

One sense for moral judgments, as one eye

For the sun’s light. The soul, when smitten thus

By a sublime idea, whencesoe’er

Vouchsafed for union or communion, feeds

On the pure bliss, and takes her rest with God.

675

Thus, from a very early age, O Friend!

My thoughts, by slow gradations, had been drawn

To human-kind, and to the good and ill

Of human life; Nature had led me on,

And oft amid the “busy hum” I seemed

680

To travel independent of her help,

As if I had forgotten her; but no,

The world of human-kind outweighed not hers

In my habitual thoughts; the scale of love,

Though filling daily, still was light compared

685

With that in which her mighty objects lay.

BOOK NINTH

residence in france

Even as a River—partly (it might seem)

Yielding to old remembrances, and swayed

In part by fear to shape a way direct

That would engulph him soon in the ravenous Sea—

Turns, and will measure back his course, far back,

5

Seeking the very regions which he crossed

In his first outset; so have we, my Friend!

Turned and returned with intricate delay.

Or as a Traveller, who has gained the brow

Of some aerial Down, while there he halts

10

For breathing-time, is tempted to review

276 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The region left behind him; and if aught

Deserving notice have escaped regard,

Or been regarded with too careless eye,

Strives, from that height, with one, and yet one more

15

Last look, to make the best amends he may,

So have we lingered. Now we start afresh

With courage, and new hope risen on our toil.

Fair greetings to this shapeless eagerness,

Whene’er it comes! needful in work so long,

20

Thrice needful to the argument which now

Awaits us! Oh, how much unlike the past!

Free as a Colt, at pasture on the hill,

I ranged at large through London’s wide Domain

Month after Month. Obscurely did I live,

25

Not seeking frequent intercourse with men

By literature, or elegance, or rank

Distinguished. Scarcely was a year thus spent

Ere I forsook the crowded Solitude;

With less regret for its luxurious pomp

30

And all the nicely-guarded shews of Art,

Than for the humble Bookstalls in the Streets,

Exposed to eye and hand where’er I turned.

—France lured me forth, the realm that I had crossed

So lately, journeying toward the snow-clad Alps.

35

But now relinquishing the scrip and staff

And all enjoyment which the summer sun

Sheds round the steps of those who meet the day

With motion constant as his own, I went

Prepared to sojourn in a pleasant Town

40

Washed by the current of the stately Loire.

Through Paris lay my readiest course, and there

Sojourning a few days, I visited

In haste each spot, of old or recent fame,

The latter chiefly; from the field of Mars

45

Down to the suburbs of St Anthony;

And from Mont Martyr southward to the Dome

Of Genevieve. In both her clamorous Halls,

The National Synod and the Jacobins,

I saw the Revolutionary Power

50

The Prelude (1824–1829) 277

Toss like a Ship at anchor, rocked by storms;

The Arcades I traversed, in the Palace huge

Of Orleans, coasted round and round the line

Of Tavern, Brothel, Gaming-house, and Shop,

Great rendezvous of worst and best, the walk

55

Of all who had a purpose, or had not;

I stared, and listened with a Stranger’s ears

To Hawkers and Haranguers, hubbub wild!

And hissing Factionists, with ardent eyes,

In knots, or pairs, or single. Not a look

60

Hope takes, or Doubt or Fear are forced to wear,

But seemed there present, and I scanned them all,

Watched every gesture uncontrollable

Of anger, and vexation, and despite,

All side by side, and struggling face to face

65

With Gaiety and dissolute Idleness.

— Where silent zephyrs sported with the dust

Of the Bastille, I sate in the open sun,

And from the rubbish gathered up a stone

And pocketed the Relic in the guise

70

Of an Enthusiast; yet, in honest truth,

I looked for Something that I could not find,

Affecting more emotion than I felt;

For ’tis most certain that these various sights,

However potent their first shock, with me

75

Appeared to recompence the Traveller’s pains

Less than the painted Magdalene of Le Brun,

A Beauty exquisitely wrought, with hair

Dishevelled, gleaming eyes, and rueful cheek

Pale, and bedropp’d with everflowing tears.

80

But hence to my more permanent Abode

I hasten; there by novelties in speech,

Domestic manners, customs, gestures, looks,

And all the attire of ordinary life,

Attention was engrossed; and, thus amused,

85

I stood ’mid those concussions unconcerned,

Tranquil almost, and careless as a flower

Glassed in a green-house, or a Parlour shrub

That spreads its leaves in unmolested peace

278 The Poems of William Wordsworth

While every bush and tree, the country through,

90

Is shaking to the roots; indifference this

Which may seem strange; but I was unprepared

With needful knowledge, had abruptly passed

Into a theatre whose stage was filled,

And busy with an action far advanced.

95

Like Others I had skimmed, and sometimes read

With care, the master pamphlets of the day;

Nor wanted such half-insight as grew wild

Upon that meagre soil, helped out by talk

And public news; but having never seen

100

A Chronicle that might suffice to shew

Whence the main Organs of the public Power

Had sprung, their transmigrations when and how

Accomplished, giving thus unto events

A form and body; all things were to me

105

Loose and disjointed, and the affections left

Without a vital interest. At that time,

Moreover, the first storm was overblown,

And the strong hand of outward violence

Locked up in quiet. For myself, I fear

110

Now, in connection with so great a Theme,

To speak (as I must be compelled to do)

Of one so unimportant; night by night

Did I frequent the formal haunts of men

Whom, in the City, privilege of birth

115

Sequestered from the rest: societies

Polished in Arts, and in punctilio versed;

Whence, and from deeper causes, all discourse

Of good and evil of the time was shunned

With scrupulous care: but these restrictions soon

120

Proved tedious, and I gradually withdrew

Into a noisier world, and thus erelong

Became a Patriot; and my heart was all

Given to the People, and my love was theirs.

A Band of military Officers

125

Then stationed in the City were the chief

Of my associates: some of these wore swords

That had been seasoned in the Wars, and all

The Prelude (1824–1829) 279

Were men well born; the Chivalry of France.

In age and temper differing, they had yet

130

One spirit ruling in each heart, alike

(Save only one, hereafter to be named)

Were bent upon undoing what was done:

This was their rest and only hope, therewith

No fear had they of bad becoming worse;

135

For worst to them was come; nor would have stirred,

Or deemed it worth a moment’s thought to stir,

In any thing, save only as the act

Looked thitherward. One, reckoning by years,

Was in the prime of manhood, and erewhile

140

He had sate Lord in many tender hearts,

Though heedless of such honors now, and changed:

His temper was quite mastered by the times,

And they had blighted him, had eat away

The beauty of his person, doing wrong

145

Alike to body and to mind: his port,

Which once had been erect and open, now

Was stooping and contracted, and a face

Endowed by Nature with her fairest gifts

Of symmetry, and light, and bloom, expressed

150

As much as any that was ever seen

A ravage out of season, made by thoughts

Unhealthy and vexatious. With the hour

That from the Press of Paris duly brought

Its freight of public news, the fever came,

155

A punctual Visitant, to shake this Man,

Disarmed his voice and fanned his yellow cheek

Into a thousand colours: while he read

Or mused, his sword was haunted by his touch

Continually, like an uneasy place

160

In his own body. ’Twas in truth an hour

Of universal ferment; mildest men

Were agitated; and commotions, strife

Of passion and opinion, filled the walls

Of peaceful houses with unquiet sounds.

165

The soil of common life was at that time

Too hot to tread upon. Oft said I then,

280 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And not then only, “What a mockery this

Of history, the past and that to come!

Now do I feel how all men are deceived,

170

Reading of Nations and their works, in faith,

Faith given to vanity and emptiness;

Oh! laughter for the Page that would reflect

To future times the face of what now is!”

The Land all swarmed with passion, like a Plain

175

Devoured by locusts;—Carra, Gorcas; add

A hundred other names, forgotten now,

Nor to be heard of more, yet they were Powers

Like earthquakes, shocks repeated day by day,

And felt through every nook of town and field.

180

Such was the state of things. Meanwhile the chief

Of my Associates stood prepared for flight

To augment the band of Emigrants in Arms

Upon the Borders of the Rhine, and leagued

With foreign foes mustered for instant War.

185

This was their undisguised intent, and they

Were waiting with the whole of their desires

The moment to depart.

An Englishman,

Born in a land whose very name appeared

To licence some unruliness of mind,

190

A Stranger, with Youth’s further privilege,

And the indulgence that a half-learnt speech

Wins from the Courteous; I, who had been else

Shunned and not tolerated, freely lived

With these Defenders of the Crown, and talked,

195

And heard their notions, nor did they disdain

The wish to bring me over to their cause.

But though untaught by thinking or by books

To reason well of polity or law,

And nice distinctions, then on every tongue,

200

Of natural rights and civil; and to acts

Of Nations and their passing interests

(If with unworldly ends and aims compared)

Almost indifferent, even the Historian’s Tale

Prizing but little otherwise than I prized

205

The Prelude (1824–1829) 281

Tales of the Poets, as it made the heart

Beat high and filled the fancy with fair forms,

Old Heroes and their sufferings and their deeds;

Yet in the regal Sceptre, and the pomp

Of Orders and Degrees, I nothing found

210

Then, or had ever, even in crudest Youth,

That dazzled me: but rather what I mourned

And ill could brook, beholding that the best

Ruled not, and feeling that they ought to rule.

For, born in a poor District, and which yet

215

Retaineth more of ancient homeliness

Than any other nook of English ground,

It was my fortune scarcely to have seen

Through the whole tenor of my School-day time

The face of One, who, whether boy or man,

220

Was vested with attention or respect

Through claims of wealth or blood; nor was it least

Of many benefits, in later years

Derived from academic institutes

And rules, that they held something up to view

225

Of a Republic, where all stood thus far

Upon equal ground, that we were brothers all

In honor, as in one community,

Scholars and Gentlemen; where, furthermore,

Distinction lay open to all that came,

230

And wealth and titles were in less esteem

Than talents, worth, and prosperous industry.

Add unto this, subservience from the first

To Presences of God’s mysterious power

Made manifest in Nature’s sovereignty,

235

And fellowship with venerable books,

To sanction the proud workings of the Soul

And mountain liberty. It could not be

But that one tutored thus should look with awe

Upon the faculties of man, receive

240

Gladly the highest promises, and hail

As best the government of equal rights

And individual worth. And hence, O Friend,

If at the first great outbreak I rejoiced

282 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Less than might well befit my Youth, the cause

245

In part lay here, that unto me the events

Seemed nothing out of Nature’s certain course,

A gift that rather was come late than soon.

No wonder then if Advocates like these,

Inflamed by passion, blind with prejudice,

250

And stung with injury, at this riper day,

Were impotent to make my hopes put on

The shape of theirs, my understanding bend

In honor to their honor,—zeal which yet

Had slumbered, now in opposition burst

255

Forth like a polar summer: every word

They uttered was a dart, by counter-winds

Blown back upon themselves; their reason seemed

Confusion-stricken by a higher Power

Than human understanding, their discourse

260

Maimed, spiritless; and, in their weakness strong,

I triumphed.

Meantime, day by day, the roads

Were crowded with the bravest Youth of France

And all the promptest of her spirits, linked

In gallant Soldiership, and posting on

265

To meet the War, upon her Frontier Bounds.

Yet at this very moment do tears start

Into mine eyes: I do not say I weep—

I wept not then,—but tears have dimmed my sight

In memory of the farewells of that time,

270

Domestic severings, female fortitude

At dearest separation, patriot love

And self-devotion, and terrestrial hope

Encouraged with a martyr’s confidence;

Even files of Strangers merely, seen but once

275

And for a moment, men from far with sound

Of music, martial tunes, and banners spread,

Entering the City, here and there a face

Or person singled out among the rest,

Yet still a Stranger and beloved as such;

280

Even by these passing spectacles my heart

Was oftentimes uplifted, and they seemed

The Prelude (1824–1829) 283

Arguments sent from heaven, to prove the cause

Good, pure, which no one could stand up against

Who was not lost, abandoned, selfish, proud,

285

Mean, miserable, wilfully depraved,

Hater perverse of equity and truth.

Among that Band of Officers, was One,

Already hinted at, of other mold,

A Patriot, thence rejected by the rest,

290

And with an oriental loathing spurned,

As of a different Cast. A meeker Man

Than this lived never, nor a more benign,

Meek, though enthusiastic. Injuries

Made Him more gracious, and his nature then

295

Did breathe its sweetness out most sensibly

As aromatic flowers on Alpine turf

When foot hath crushed them. He through the events

Of that great change wandered in perfect faith,

As through a Book, an old Romance or Tale

300

Of Fairy, or some dream of actions wrought

Behind the summer clouds. By birth he ranked

With the most noble, but unto the Poor

Among mankind he was in service bound

As by some tie invisible, oaths professed

305

To a religious order. Man he loved

As Man; and, to the mean and the obscure

And all the homely in their homely works,

Transferred a courtesy which had no air

Of condescension; but did rather seem

310

A passion and a gallantry, like that

Which he, a Soldier, in his idler day

Had paid to Woman: somewhat vain he was,

Or seemed so, yet it was not vanity,

But fondness, and a kind of radiant joy

315

Diffused around him while he was intent

On works of love or freedom, or revolved

Complacently the progress of a Cause

Whereof he was a part; yet this was meek

And placid, and took nothing from the man

320

That was delightful: oft in solitude

284 The Poems of William Wordsworth

With him did I discourse about the end

Of civil government, and its wisest forms,

Of ancient loyalty, and chartered rights,

Custom and habit, novelty and change,

325

Of self-respect, and virtue in the Few

For patrimonial honor set apart,

And ignorance in the labouring Multitude.

For he, to all intolerance indisposed,

Balanced these contemplations in his mind;

330

And I, who at that time was scarcely dipped

Into the turmoil, bore a sounder judgement

Than later days allowed; carried about me,

With less alloy to its integrity,

The experience of past ages, as through help

335

Of Books and common life it makes sure way

To youthful minds, by objects over near

Not pressed upon, nor dazzled or misled

By struggling with the Crowd for present ends.

But though not deaf, nor obstinate to find

340

Error without excuse upon the side

Of them who strove against us, more delight

We took, and let this freely be confessed,

In painting to ourselves the miseries

Of royal Courts, and that voluptuous life

345

Unfeeling, where the Man who is of Soul

The meanest, thrives the most, where dignity,

True personal dignity, abideth not;

A light, a cruel, and vain world, cut off

From the natural inlets of just sentiment,

350

From lowly sympathy, and chastening truth;

Where Good and Evil interchange their names,

And thirst for bloody spoils abroad is paired

With vice at home. We added dearest themes,

Man and his noble nature, as it is

355

The gift which God has placed within his power,

His blind desires and steady faculties

Capable of clear truth, the one to break

Bondage, the other to build liberty

On firm foundations, making social life,

360

The Prelude (1824–1829) 285

Through knowledge spreading and imperishable,

As just in regulation, and as pure

As individual in the wise and good.

—We summoned up the honorable deeds

Of ancient Story, thought of each bright spot

365

That could be found in all recorded time,

Of truth preserved, and error passed away,

Of single Spirits that catch the flame from Heaven,

And how the multitudes of men will feed

And fan each other, thought of Sects, how keen

370

They are to put the appropriate nature on,

Triumphant over every obstacle

Of custom, language, Country, love, and hate,

And what they do and suffer for their creed,

How far they travel, and how long endure,

375

How quickly mighty Nations have been formed

From least beginnings, how, together locked

By new opinions, scattered tribes have made

One body, spreading wide as clouds in heaven.

To aspirations then of our own minds

380

Did we appeal; and finally beheld

A living confirmation of the whole

Before us, in a People from the depth

Of shameful imbecility upris’n,

Fresh as the morning star: elate we looked

385

Upon their virtues, saw in rudest men

Self-sacrifice the firmest, generous love

And continence of mind, and sense of right

Uppermost in the midst of fiercest strife.

Oh! sweet it is, in academic Groves

390

Or such retirement, Friend! as we have known

In the green dales beside our Rotha’s Stream,

Greta, or Derwent, or some nameless Rill,

To ruminate with interchange of talk

On rational Liberty, and hope in Man,

395

Justice and peace; but far more sweet such toil—

Toil say I, for it leads to thoughts abstruse—

If nature then be standing on the brink

Of some great trial, and we hear the voice

286 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of One devoted, One whom circumstance

400

Hath called upon to embody his deep sense

In action, give it outwardly a shape,

And that of benediction to the world;

Then doubt is not, and truth is more than truth,—

A hope it is and a desire, a creed

405

Of zeal, by an Authority divine

Sanctioned, of danger, difficulty, or death.

Such conversation under Attic Shades

Did Dion hold with Plato, ripened thus

For a Deliverer’s glorious Task, and such

410

He, on that ministry already bound,

Held with Eudemus and Timonides,

Surrounded by Adventurers in Arms,

When those two vessels with their daring Freight,

For the Sicilian Tyrant’s overthrow

415

Sailed from Zacynthus, philosophic War

Led by Philosophers. With harder fate

Though like ambition, such was he, O Friend!

Of whom I speak, so Beaupuis (let the name

Stand near the worthiest of Antiquity)

420

Fashioned his life, and many a long discourse

With like persuasion honored, we maintained;

He, on his part, accoutred for the worst.

He perished fighting in supreme command

Upon the borders of the unhappy Loire,

425

For Liberty, against deluded men,

His fellow-countrymen, and yet most blessed

In this, that he the Fate of later times

Lived not to see, nor what we now behold

Who have as ardent hearts as he had then.

430

Along that very Loire, with festal mirth

Resounding at all hours, and innocent yet

Of civil slaughter, was our frequent walk;

Or in wide Forests of continuous shade,

Lofty and overarched, with open space

435

Beneath the trees, clear footing many a mile—

A solemn region. Oft, amid those haunts,

From earnest dialogues I slipped in thought,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 287

And let remembrance steal to other times,

When o’er those interwoven roots, moss-clad,

440

And smooth as marble, or a waveless sea,

Some Hermit, from his Cell forth-strayed, might pace

In sylvan meditation, undisturbed;

As on the pavement of a gothic Church

Walks a lone Monk, when service hath expired,

445

In peace and silence. But if e’er was heard,

Heard though unseen, a devious Traveller

Retiring, or approaching from afar,

With speed, and echoes loud of trampling hoofs

From the hard floor reverberated, then

450

It was Angelica thundering through the woods

Upon her Palfrey, or that gentle maid

Erminia, fugitive as fair as She.

Sometimes I saw, methought, a pair of Knights

Joust underneath the trees, that as in storm

455

Rocked high above their heads; anon, the din

Of boisterous merriment, and music’s roar,

In sudden proclamation! burst from haunt

Of Satyrs in some viewless glade, with dance

Rejoicing o’er a Female in the midst,

460

A mortal Beauty, their unhappy Thrall;

The width of those huge Forests, unto me

A novel scene, did often in this way

Master my fancy, while I wandered on

With that revered Companion. And sometimes—

465

When to a Convent in a meadow green,

By a brook-side, we came, a roofless Pile,

And not by reverential touch of Time

Dismantled, but by violence abrupt,

In spite of those heart-bracing colloquies,

470

In spite of real fervor, and of that

Less genuine and wrought up within myself—

I could not but bewail a wrong so harsh,

And for the matin bell to sound no more

Grieved, and the twilight taper, and the Cross

475

High on the topmost pinnacle, a sign

(How welcome to the weary Traveller’s eyes!)

288 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of hospitality and peaceful rest.

And when the Partner of those varied walks

Pointed upon occasion to the Site

480

Of Romorentin, home of ancient Kings,

To the imperial Edifice of Blois,

Or to that rural Castle, name now slipped

From my remembrance, where a Lady lodged

By the first Francis wooed, and bound to him

485

In chains of mutual passion; from the Tower,

As a tradition of the Country tells,

Practised to commune with her royal Knight

By cressets and love-beacons, intercourse

’Twixt her high-seated Residence and his

490

Far off at Chambord on the Plain beneath;

Even here, though less than with the peaceful House

Religious, ’mid those frequent monuments

Of Kings, their vices, and their better deeds,

Imagination, potent to inflame,

495

At times, with virtuous wrath, and noble scorn,

Did also often mitigate the force

Of civic prejudice, the bigotry,

So call it, of a youthful Patriot’s mind,

And on these spots with many gleams I looked

500

Of chivalrous delight. Yet not the less

Hatred of absolute rule, where will of One

Is law for all, and of that barren pride

In them who, by immunities unjust,

Between the Sovereign and the People stand,

505

His helper and not theirs, laid stronger hold

Daily upon me, mixed with pity too

And love; for where hope is, there love will be

For the abject multitude. And when we chanced

One day to meet a hunger-bitten Girl

510

Who crept along fitting her languid gait

Unto a heifer’s motion, by a cord

Tied to her arm, and picking thus from the lane

Its sustenance, while the Girl with pallid hands

Was busy knitting in a heartless mood

515

Of solitude, and at the sight my Friend

The Prelude (1824–1829) 289

In agitation said, “’Tis against that,

That we are fighting,” I with him believed

That a benignant Spirit was abroad

Which might not be withstood, that poverty,

520

Abject as this, would in a little time

Be found no more, that we should see the earth

Unthwarted in her wish to recompence

The meek, the lowly, patient Child of Toil,

All institutes for ever blotted out

525

That legalized exclusion, empty pomp

Abolished, sensual State and cruel Power,

Whether by edict of the One or few;

And finally, as sum and crown of all,

Should see the People having a strong hand

530

In framing their own Laws, whence better days

To all mankind. But, these things set apart,

Was not this single confidence enough

To animate the mind that ever turned

A thought to human welfare, that henceforth

535

Captivity by mandate without law

Should cease, and open accusation lead

To sentence in the hearing of the world,

And open punishment, if not the air

Be free to breathe in, and the heart of Man

540

Dread nothing? From this height I shall not stoop

To humbler matter that detained us oft

In thought or conversation, public acts

And public persons, and emotions wrought

Within the breast, as ever varying winds

545

Of record or report swept over us;

But I will here, instead, repeat a Tale

Told by my Patriot friend of sad events

That prove to what low depth had struck the roots,

How widely spread the boughs, of that old tree

550

Which, as a deadly mischief, and a foul

And black dishonour, France was weary of.

“Oh! happy time of youthful Lovers! (thus

My Story may begin) O balmy time

In which a Love-Knot on a Lady’s brow

555

290 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Is fairer than the fairest star in Heaven!”

So might—and with that prelude did begin

The Record; and in faithful Verse was given

The doleful sequel. But our little Bark

On a strong River boldly hath been launched,

560

And from the driving current should we turn

To loiter wilfully within a Creek,

Howe’er attractive, Fellow Voyager!

Wouldst thou not chide? Yet deem not my pains lost;

For Vaudracour and Julia (so were named

565

The ill-fated pair) in that plain Tale will draw

Tears from the hearts of others when their own

Shall beat no more. Thou also there may’st read

At leisure, how the enamoured Youth was driven,

By public Power abused, to fatal crime,

570

Nature’s rebellion against monstrous law;

How between heart and heart oppression thrust

Her mandates, severing whom true love had joined,

Harrassing both; until he sank and pressed

The couch his fate had made for him—supine,

575

Save when the stings of viperous remorse,

Trying their strength, forced him to start up,

Aghast and prayerless. Into a deep wood

He fled to shun the haunts of human kind;

There dwelt, weakened in spirit more and more.

580

Nor could the voice of Freedom, which through France

Full speedily resounded, public hope,

Or personal memory of his own worst wrongs,

Rouse him, but, hidden in those gloomy shades,

His days he wasted, an imbecile mind.

585

BOOK TENTH

france continued

It was a beautiful and silent day

That overspread the countenance of earth,

Then fading with unusual quietness—

A day as beautiful as e’er was given

To soothe regret, though deepening what it soothed,

5

When by the gliding Loire I paused, and cast

The Prelude (1824–1829) 291

Upon his rich domains, vineyard and tilth,

Green meadow-ground and many-colored woods,

Again, and yet again, a farewell look;

Then from the quiet of that scene passed on,

10

Bound to the fierce Metropolis. From his throne

The King had fallen; and that invading Host,

Presumptuous cloud on whose black front was written

The tender mercies of the dismal wind

That bore it, on the plains of Liberty

15

Had burst innocuous. Say in bolder words,

They who had come elate as eastern Hunters

Banded beneath the great Mogul, when He

Ere while went forth from Agra or Lahor,

Rajas and Omras in his train, intent

20

To drive their prey enclosed within a ring

Wide as a Province, but, the signal given,

Before the point of the life-threatening spear

Narrowing itself by moments—they, rash Men,

Had seen the anticipated Quarry turned

25

Into Avengers, from whose wrath they fled

In terror. Disappointment and dismay

Remained for all whose fancies had run wild

With evil expectations; confidence

And perfect triumph for the better cause.

30

— The State, as if to stamp the final seal

On her security, and to the world

Show what she was, a high and fearless Soul

Exulting in defiance, or heart-stung

By sharp resentment, or belike to taunt

35

With spiteful gratitude the baffled League

That had stirred up her slackening faculties

To a new transition, when the King was crushed,

Spared not the empty Throne, and in proud haste

Assumed the body and venerable name

40

Of a Republic. Lamentable crimes,

’Tis true, had gone before this hour, dire work

Of massacre, in which the senseless sword

Was prayed to as a Judge; but these were past,

Earth free from them for ever, as was thought;

45

292 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Ephemeral Monsters to be seen but once!

Things that could only shew themselves and die.

Cheared with this hope, to Paris I returned;

And ranged, with ardor heretofore unfelt,

The spacious City, and in progress passed

50

The Prison where the unhappy Monarch lay,

Associate with his Children and his Wife,

In Bondage; and the Palace lately stormed,

With roar of Cannon, by a furious Host.

I crossed the Square (an empty Area then!)

55

Of the Carousel, where so late had lain

The Dead, upon the Dying heaped; and gazed

On this and other Spots, as doth a Man

Upon a Volume whose contents he knows

Are memorable, but from him locked up,

60

Being written in a tongue he cannot read;

So that he questions the mute leaves with pain,

And half-upbraids their silence. But, that night,

I felt most deeply in what world I was,

What ground I trod on, and what air I breathed.

65

High was my Room and lonely, near the roof

Of a large Mansion or Hotel, a Lodge

That would have pleased me in more quiet times,

Nor was it wholly without pleasure, then.

With unextinguished taper I kept watch,

70

Reading at intervals; the fear gone by

Pressed on me almost like a fear to come.

I thought of those September massacres,

Divided from me by one little month,

Saw them and touched; the rest was conjured up

75

From tragic fictions, or true history,

Remembrances and dim admonishments.

The Horse is taught his manage, and no Star

Of wildest course but treads back his own steps;

For the spent hurricane the air provides

80

As fierce a Successor; the tide retreats

But to return out of its hiding place

In the great Deep; all things have second birth;

The earthquake is not satisfied at once;

The Prelude (1824–1829) 293

And in this way I wrought upon myself

85

Until I seemed to hear a voice that cried

To the whole City, “Sleep no more.” The Trance

Fled with the Voice to which it had given birth,

But vainly comments of a calmer mind

Promised soft peace and sweet forgetfulness.

90

The place, all hushed and silent as it was,

Appeared unfit for the repose of Night,

Defenceless as a wood where Tygers roam.

With early morning towards the Palace walk

Of Orleans eagerly I turned; as yet

95

The streets were still; not so those long Arcades;

There—’mid a peal of ill-matched Sounds and cries

That greeted me on entering—I could hear

Shrill voices from the Hawkers in the throng

Bawling, “Denunciation of the crimes

100

Of Maximilian Robespierre;” the hand,

Prompt as the voice, held forth a printed Speech,

The same that had been recently pronounced

When Robespierre, not ignorant for what mark

Some words of indirect reproof had been

105

Intended, rose in hardihood and dared

The Man who had an ill-surmise of him

To bring his charge in openness; whereat,

When a dead pause ensued and no one stirred,

In silence of all present, from his seat

110

Louvet walked single through the Avenue

And took his station in the Tribune, saying,

“I, Robespierre, accuse thee!” Well is known

The inglorious issue of that charge, and how

He who had launched the startling thunderbolt,

115

The one bold Man whose voice the attack had sounded,

Was left without a Follower to discharge

His perilous duty and retire, lamenting

That Heaven’s best aid is wasted upon Men

Who to themselves are false.

But these are things

120

Of which I speak only as they were storm

Or sunshine to my individual mind,

294 The Poems of William Wordsworth

No further. Let me then relate that now,

In some sort seeing with my proper eyes

That Liberty, and Life, and Death would soon

125

To the remotest corners of the Land

Lie in the arbitriment of those who ruled

The capital City, what was struggled for,

And by what Combatants victory must be won,

The indecision on their part whose aim

130

Seemed best, and the strait-forward path of those

Who in attack or in defence were strong

Through their impiety; my inmost soul

Was agitated; yea, I could almost

Have prayed that throughout earth upon all men,

135

By patient exercise of reason made

Worthy of Liberty, all Spirits filled

With zeal expanding in Truth’s holy light,

The gift of tongues might fall, and Power arrive

From the four quarters of the winds to do

140

For France what without help she could not do,

A work of honor; think not that to this

I added work of safety: from all doubt

Or trepidation for the end of things

Far was I, far as Angels are from guilt.

145

Yet did I grieve, nor only grieved, but thought

Of opposition and of remedies;

An insignificant Stranger and obscure,

And one, moreover, little graced with power

Of eloquence even in my native speech,

150

And all unfit for tumult or intrigue,

Yet would I at this time with willing heart

Have undertaken for a cause so great

Service however dangerous. I revolved

How much the destiny of Man had still

155

Hung upon single Persons, that there was,

Transcendant to all local patrimony,

One Nature as there is one Sun in Heaven,

That Objects, even as they are great, thereby

Do come within the reach of humblest eyes,

160

That Man is only weak through his mistrust

The Prelude (1824–1829) 295

And want of hope, where evidence divine

Proclaims to him that hope should be most sure.

Nor did the inexperience of my youth

Preclude conviction that a spirit, strong

165

In hope and trained to noble aspirations,

A spirit thoroughly faithful to itself,

Is for Society’s unreasoning herd

A domineering instinct, serves at once

For way and guide, a fluent receptacle

170

That gathers up each petty straggling rill

And vein of Water, glad to be rolled on

In safe obedience; that a mind whose rest

Is where it ought to be, in self-restraint,

In circumspection and simplicity,

175

Falls rarely in entire discomfiture

Below its aim, or meets with from without

A treachery that foils it or defeats;

And lastly, if the means on human will,

Frail human will, dependent should betray

180

Him who too boldly trusted them, I felt

That ’mid the loud distractions of the world

A sovereign voice subsists within the soul,

Arbiter undisturbed of right and wrong,

Of life and death, in majesty severe

185

Enjoining, as may best promote the aims

Of Truth and justice, either sacrifice,

From whatsoever region of our cares

Or our infirm affections nature pleads,

Earnest and blind, against the stern decree.

190

—On the other side I called to mind those truths

That are the common-places of the Schools,

A theme for Boys, too hackneyed for their Sires,

Yet, with a revelation’s liveliness,

In all their comprehensive bearings known

195

And visible to Philosophers of old,

Men who, to business of the world untrained,

Lived in the shade; and to Harmodius known

And his Compeer Aristogiton, known

To Brutus, that tyrannic Power is weak,

200

296 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Hath neither gratitude, nor faith, nor love,

Nor the support of good or evil men

To trust in, that the Godhead which is ours

Can never utterly be charmed or stilled,

That nothing hath a natural right to last

205

But equity and reason, that all else

Meets foes irreconcilable, and at best

Lives only by variety of disease.

Well might my wishes be intense, my thoughts

Strong and perturbed, not doubting at that time

210

But that the virtue of one paramount mind

Would have abashed those impious crests, have quelled

Outrage and bloody power, and, in despite

Of what the People long had been and were

Through ignorance and false teaching, sadder proof

215

Of immaturity, and in the teeth

Of desperate opposition from without,

Have cleared a passage for just government,

And left a solid birthright to the State,

Redeemed according to example given

220

By ancient Lawgivers.

In this frame of mind,

Dragged by a chain of harsh necessity,

So seemed it,—now I thankfully acknowledge,

Forced by the gracious providence of Heaven—

To England I returned, else (though assured

225

That I both was, and must be, of small weight,

No better than a Landsman on the deck

Of a ship struggling with a hideous storm)

Doubtless I should have then made common cause

With some who perished, haply perished too,

230

A poor mistaken and bewildered offering,

Should to the breast of Nature have gone back

With all my resolutions, all my hopes,

A Poet only to myself, to Men

Useless, and even, belovéd Friend, a Soul

235

To thee unknown!

Twice had the trees let fall

Their leaves, as often Winter had put on

The Prelude (1824–1829) 297

His hoary crown, since I had seen the surge

Beat against Albion’s shore, since ear of mine

Had caught the accents of my native speech

240

Upon our native Country’s sacred ground.

A Patriot of the World, how could I glide

Into communion with her sylvan shades,

Erewhile my tuneful haunt?—it pleased me more

To abide in the great City, where I found

245

The general Air still busy with the stir

Of that first memorable onset made

By a strong levy of Humanity

Upon the Traffickers in Negro blood:

Effort which, though defeated, had recalled

250

To notice old forgotten principles

And through the Nation spread a novel heat,

Of virtuous feeling. For myself, I own

That this particular strife had wanted power

To rivet my affections, nor did now

255

Its unsuccessful issue much excite

My sorrow, for I brought with me the faith

That, if France prospered, good men would not long

Pay fruitless worship to humanity,

And this most rotten branch of human shame,

260

Object, so seemed it, of superfluous pains,

Would fall together with its parent tree.

What then were my emotions, when in Arms

Britain put forth her free-born strength in league,

O pity and shame! with those confederate Powers?

265

Not in my single self alone I found,

But in the minds of all ingenuous Youth,

Change and subversion from that hour. No shock

Given to my moral nature had I known

Down to that very moment; neither lapse

270

Nor turn of sentiment that might be named

A revolution, save at this one time;

All else was progress on the self-same path

On which, with a diversity of pace,

I had been travelling: this a stride at once

275

Into another region.—As a light

298 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And pliant hare-bell swinging in the breeze

On some gray rock, its birth-place, so had I

Wantoned, fast rooted on the ancient tower

Of my beloved Country, wishing not

280

A happier fortune than to wither there.

Now was I from that pleasant station torn

And tossed about in whirlwind. I rejoiced,

Yea, afterwards, truth most painful to record!

Exulted, in the triumph of my Soul,

285

When Englishmen by thousands were o’erthrown,

Left without glory on the field, or driven,

Brave hearts, to shameful flight. It was a grief,—

Grief call it not, ’twas any thing but that,—

A conflict of sensations without name,

290

Of which he only who may love the sight

Of a Village Steeple as I do can judge,

When, in the Congregation bending all

To their great Father, prayers were offered up,

Or praises, for our Country’s victories,

295

And, ’mid the simple Worshippers, perchance

I only, like an uninvited Guest,

Whom no one owned, sate silent, shall I add,

Fed on the day of vengeance yet to come?

Oh! much have they to account for, who could tear

300

By violence, at one decisive rent,

From the best Youth in England, their dear pride,

Their joy in England: this too at a time

In which worst losses easily might wear

The best of names, when patriotic love

305

Did of itself in modesty give way,

Like the Precursor when the Deity

Is come whose Harbinger he was, a time

In which apostasy from ancient faith

Seemed but conversion to a higher creed;

310

Withal a season dangerous and wild,

A time when sage Experience would have snatched

Flowers out of any hedge-row to compose

A chaplet in contempt of his grey locks.

When the proud Fleet that bears the red-cross Flag

315

The Prelude (1824–1829) 299

In that unworthy service were prepared

To mingle, I beheld the Vessels lie,

A brood of gallant Creatures, on the Deep,

I saw them in their rest, a Sojourner

Through a whole month of calm and glassy days,

320

In that delightful Island which protects

Their place of convocation—there I heard,

Each evening, pacing by the still sea-shore,

A monitory sound that never failed,—

The sunset Cannon. While the orb went down

325

In the tranquillity of Nature, came

That voice, ill requiem! seldom heard by me

Without a spirit overcast by dark

Imaginations, sense of woes to come,

Sorrow for human kind, and pain of heart.

330

In France the men who, for their desperate ends,

Had plucked up mercy by the roots, were glad

Of this new enemy. Tyrants, strong before

In wicked pleas, were strong as Demons now;

And thus, on every side beset with foes,

335

The goaded land waxed mad; the crimes of few

Spread into madness of the many, blasts

From hell came sanctified like airs from heaven;

The sternness of the Just, the faith of those

Who doubted not that Providence had times

340

Of vengeful retribution;—theirs who throned

The human understanding paramount

And made of that their God, the hopes of men

Who were content to barter short-lived pangs

For a paradise of ages, the blind rage

345

Of insolent tempers, the light vanity

Of intermeddlers, steady purposes

Of the suspicious, slips of the indiscreet,

And all the accidents of life were pressed

Into one service, busy with one work.

350

The Senate stood aghast, her prudence quenched,

Her wisdom stifled, and her justice scared,

Her frenzy only active to extol

Past outrages, and shape the way for new,

300 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Which no one dared to oppose or mitigate.

355

—Domestic carnage now filled the whole year

With Feast-days; old Men from the Chimney-nook,

The Maiden from the bosom of her Love,

The Mother from the Cradle of her Babe,

The Warrior from the Field, all perished, all,

360

Friends, enemies, of all parties, ages, ranks,

Head after head, and never heads enough

For those that bade them fall. They found their joy,

They made it, proudly eager as a Child

(If like desires of innocent little ones

365

May with such heinous appetites be compared),

Pleased in some open field to exercise

A toy that mimics with revolving wings

The motion of a windmill, though the air

Do of itself blow fresh and make the Vanes

370

Spin in his eyesight, that contents him not,

But, with the play-thing at arm’s length, he sets

His front against the blast, and runs amain

That it may whirl the faster.

’Mid the depth

Of those enormities, even thinking minds

375

Forgot at seasons whence they had their being,

Forgot that such a sound was ever heard

As Liberty upon earth; yet all beneath

Her innocent authority was wrought,

Nor could have been without her blessed name.

380

The illustrious wife of Roland, in the hour

Of her composure, felt that agony

And gave it vent in her last words. O Friend!

It was a lamentable time for man,

Whether a hope had e’er been his or not,

385

A woeful time for them whose hopes survived

The shock—most woeful for those few who still

Were flattered and had trust in human-kind:

They had the deepest feeling of the grief.

Meanwhile the Invaders fared as they deserved:

390

The Herculean Commonwealth had put forth her arms

And throttled with an infant Godhead’s might

The Prelude (1824–1829) 301

The snakes about her cradle: that was well

And as it should be, yet no cure for them

Whose souls were sick with pain of what would be

395

Hereafter brought in charge against mankind.

Most melancholy at that time, O Friend!

Were my day-thoughts, my nights were miserable;

Through months, through years, long after the last beat

Of those atrocities, the hour of sleep

400

To me came rarely charged with natural gifts,

Such ghastly Visions had I of despair

And tyranny, and implements of death,

And innocent victims sinking under fear,

And momentary hope, and worn-out prayer,

405

Each in his separate cell, or penned in crowds

For sacrifice, and struggling with forced mirth

And levity in dungeons where the dust

Was laid with tears. Then suddenly the scene

Changed, and the unbroken dream entangled me

410

In long orations which I strove to plead

Before unjust tribunals—with a voice

Labouring, a brain confounded, and a sense

Death-like of treacherous desertion, felt

In the last place of refuge, my own soul.

415

When I began in Youth’s delightful prime

To yield myself to Nature, when that strong

And holy passion overcame me first,

Nor day nor night, evening or morn, were free

From its oppression. But, O Power supreme!

420

Without whose care this world would cease to breathe,

Who from the fountain of thy grace dost fill

The veins that branch through every frame of life,

Making man what he is, Creature divine,

In single or in social eminence

425

Above the rest raised infinite ascents

When reason that enables him to be

Is not sequestered, what a change is here!

How different ritual for this after-worship!

What countenance to promote this second love!

430

The first was service paid to things which lie

302 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Guarded within the bosom of thy will.

Therefore to serve was high beatitude;

Tumult was therefore gladness, and the fear

Ennobling, venerable; sleep secure,

435

And waking thoughts more rich than happiest dreams.

But as the ancient Prophets, borne aloft

In vision, yet constrained by natural laws

With them to take a troubled human heart,

Wanted not consolations nor a creed

440

Of reconcilement, then when they denounced

On Towns and Cities wallowing in the abyss

Of their offences punishment to come;

Or saw, like other men, with bodily eyes,

Before them, in some desolated place,

445

The wrath consummate and the threat fulfilled;

So, with devout humility be it said,

So did a portion of that spirit fall

On me, uplifted from the vantage ground

Of pity and sorrow to a state of being

450

That through the time’s exceeding fierceness saw

Glimpses of retribution, terrible

And in the order of sublime behests;

But even if that were not, amid the awe

Of unintelligible chastisement,

455

Not only acquiescences of faith

Survived, but daring sympathies with power,

Motions not treacherous or profane, else why

Within the folds of no ungentle breast

Their dread vibration to this hour prolonged?

460

Wild blasts of music thus could find their way

Into the midst of turbulent events,

So that worst tempests might be listened to.

Then was the truth received into my heart,

That, under heaviest sorrow earth can bring,

465

If from the affliction somewhere do not grow

Honor which could not else have been, a faith,

An elevation, and a sanctity,

If new strength be not given nor old restored,

The blame is ours, not Nature’s. When a taunt

470

The Prelude (1824–1829) 303

Was taken up by scoffers in their pride,

Saying, “Behold the harvest that we reap

From popular Government and Equality,”

Clearly I saw that neither these, nor aught

Of wild belief engrafted on their names

475

By false philosophy, had caused the woe,

But a terrific reservoir of guilt

And ignorance, filled up from age to age,

That could no longer hold its loathsome charge,

But burst and spread in deluge through the Land.

480

And, as the desert hath green spots, the sea

Small islands scattered amid stormy waves,

So that disastrous period did not want

Bright sprinklings of all human excellence

To which the silver wands of Saints in heaven

485

Might point with rapturous joy. Yet not the less,

For those examples in no age surpassed

Of fortitude and energy and love;

And human nature faithful to herself

Under worst trials, was I driven to think

490

Of the glad times when first I traversed France,

A youthful Pilgrim; above all reviewed

That even-tide, when under windows bright

With happy faces, and with garlands hung,

And through a rainbow arch that spanned the street,

495

Triumphal pomp for Liberty confirmed,

I paced, a dear Companion at my side,

The Town of Arras, whence with promise high

Issued, on Delegation to sustain

Humanity and right, that Robespierre,

500

He who thereafter, and in how short time!

Wielded the sceptre of the Atheist Crew.

When the calamity spread far and wide,

And this same City, that did then appear

To outrun the rest in exultation, groaned

505

Under the vengeance of her cruel Son

As Lear reproached the winds, I could almost

Have quarrelled with that blameless Spectacle

For lingering yet an Image in my mind

304 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To mock me under such a strange reverse.

510

O Friend! few happier moments have been mine,

Than that which told the downfall of this Tribe

So dreaded, so abhorr’d.— The day deserves

A separate Record. Over the smooth Sands

Of Leven’s ample Æstuary lay

515

My journey, and beneath a genial Sun,

With distant prospect among gleams of sky,

And clouds, and intermingling mountain tops,

In one inseparable glory clad,

Creatures of one etherial substance met

520

In Consistory, like a diadem

Or crown of burning Seraphs, as they sit

In the Empyrean. Underneath that pomp

Celestial, lay unseen the pastoral Vales

Among whose happy fields I had grown up

525

From Childhood. On the fulgent Spectacle,

That neither passed away nor changed, I gazed

Enrapt; but brightest things are wont to draw

Sad opposites out of the inner heart,

As soon their pensive influence drew from mine.

530

How could it otherwise? for not in vain

That very morning had I turned aside

To seek the ground where, ’mid a throng of Graves,

An honored Teacher of my Youth was laid.

While we were School-boys, he had died among us,

535

And was borne thither, as I knew, to rest

With his own Family. A plain stone inscribed

With name, date, office, pointed out the Spot,

And on the Stone were graven, by his desire,

Lines from the Churchyard Elegy of Gray.

540

This faithful Guide, speaking from his death-bed,

Added no farewell to his parting counsel,

But said to me, “My head will soon lie low;”

And when I saw the turf that covered him,

After the lapse of full eight years, those words,

545

With sound of voice, and countenance of the Man,

Came back upon me, so that some few tears

Fell from me in my own despite. But now

The Prelude (1824–1829) 305

I thought, still traversing that wide-spread plain,

With tender pleasure of the Verses graven

550

Upon his Tomb-stone, whispering to myself:

He loved the Poets, and if now alive

Would have loved me, as One not destitute

Of promise, nor belying the kind hope

That he had formed, when I, at his command,

555

Began to spin with toil my earliest Songs.

—As I advanced, all that I saw or felt

Was gentleness and peace. Upon a small

And rocky Island near, a fragment stood

(Itself like a sea-rock), the low remains

560

(With shells encrusted, dark with briny weeds)

Of a dilapidated Structure, once

A Romish Chapel, where the vested Priest

Said matins at the hour that suited those

Who crossed the Sands with ebb of morning-tide;

565

Not far from that still Ruin all the Plain

Lay spotted with a variegated Crowd

Of Vehicles, and Travellers, horse and foot,

Wading beneath the Conduct of their Guide

In loose Procession through the shallow Stream

570

Of Inland Waters: the Great Sea, meanwhile,

Heaved at safe distance, far retired. I paused,

Longing for skill to paint a scene so bright

And chearful—but the foremost of the Band

As he approached, no salutation given,

575

In the familiar language of the day

Cried, “Robespierre is dead!”—nor was a doubt,

After strict question, left within my mind

That He and his Supporters all were fallen.

Great was my transport, deep my gratitude

580

To everlasting justice, by this fiat

Made manifest. “Come now, Ye golden times,”

Said I, forth-pouring on those open Sands

A Hymn of triumph, “as the morning comes

From out the bosom of the night, come Ye:

585

Thus far our trust is verified; behold!

They who with clumsy desperation brought

306 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A river of blood, and preached that nothing else

Could cleanse the Augean Stable, by the might

Of their own Helper have been swept away;

590

Their madness stands declared and visible;

Elsewhere will safety now be sought, and Earth

March firmly towards righteousness and peace.”

— Then schemes I framed more calmly, when, and how,

The madding Factions might be tranquillized,

595

And how through hardships manifold and long

The glorious renovation would proceed.

Thus interrupted by uneasy bursts

Of exultation, I pursued my way

Along that very Shore which I had skimmed

600

In former days, when, spurring from the Vale

Of Nightshade, and St Mary’s mouldering Fane,

And the Stone Abbot, after circuit made

In wantonness of heart, a joyous Band

Of School-boys, hastening to their distant home,

605

Along the margin of the moon-light Sea

We beat with thundering hoofs the level Sand.

BOOK ELEVENTH

france, concluded

From that time forth Authority in France

Put on a milder face; terror had ceased,

Yet every thing was wanting that might give

Courage to them who looked for good by light

Of rational experience, for the shoots

5

And hopeful blossoms of a second spring:

Yet in me confidence was unimpaired;

The Senate’s language and the public acts

And measures of the Government, though both

Weak, and of heartless omen, had not power

10

To daunt me; in the People was my trust

And in the virtues which mine eyes had seen.

I knew that wound external could not take

Life from the young Republic, that new foes

Would only follow in the path of shame

15

Their brethren, and her triumphs be in the end

The Prelude (1824–1829) 307

Great, universal, irresistible.

This intuition led me to confound

One victory with another, higher far,

Triumphs of unambitious peace at home

20

And noiseless fortitude. Beholding still

Resistance strong as heretofore, I thought

That what was in degree the same was likewise

The same in quality, that as the worse

Of the two Spirits then at strife remained

25

Untired, the better surely would preserve

The heart that first had roused him. Youth maintains,

In all conditions of society,

Communion more direct and intimate

With Nature—hence, ofttimes, with Reason too—

30

Than Age or Manhood, even. To Nature then

Power had reverted: habit, custom, law,

Had left an interregnum’s open space

For her to move about in, uncontrolled.

Hence could I see how Babel-like their task

35

Who, by the recent deluge stupified,

With their whole souls went culling from the day

Its petty promises, to build a tower

For their own safety; laughed with my Compeers

At gravest heads, by enmity to France

40

Distempered, till they found, in every blast

Forced from the Street-disturbing Newsman’s horn,

For her great cause Record or Prophesy

Of utter ruin. How might we believe

That wisdom could in any shape come near

45

Men clinging to delusions so insane?

And thus, experience proving that no few

Of our opinions had been just, We took

Like credit to ourselves where less was due,

And thought that other notions were as sound,

50

Yea, could not but be right, because we saw

That foolish men opposed them.

To a strain

More animated I might here give way,

And tell, since juvenile errors are my theme,

308 The Poems of William Wordsworth

What in those days through Britain was performed

55

To turn all judgments out of their right course;

But this is passion overnear ourselves,

Reality too close, and too intense,

And intermixed with something in my mind

Of scorn and condemnation personal

60

That would profane the sanctity of Verse.

—Our Shepherds, this say merely, at that time

Acted, or seemed at least to act, like Men

Thirsting to make the guardian crook of Law

A tool of murder; they who ruled the State,

65

Though with such awful proof before their eyes

That he who would sow death, reaps death, or worse,

And can reap nothing better, child-like, longed

To imitate, not wise enough to avoid;

Or left (by mere timidity betrayed)

70

The plain straight road for one no better chosen

Than if their wish had been to undermine

Justice, and make an end of Liberty.

But from these bitter truths I must return

To my own History. It hath been told

75

That I was led to take an eager part

In arguments of civil polity

Abruptly, and indeed before my time:

I had approached, like other Youth, the Shield

Of human nature from the golden side,

80

And would have fought, even to the death, to attest

The quality of the metal which I saw.

What there is best in individual man,

Of wise in passion, and sublime in power,

Benevolent in small societies,

85

And great in large ones, I had oft revolved,

Felt deeply, but not thoroughly understood

By Reason: nay, far from it, they were yet,

As cause was given me afterwards to learn,

Not proof against the injuries of the day,

90

Lodged only at the Sanctuary’s door,

Not safe within its bosom. Thus prepared,

And with such general insight into evil,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 309

And of the bounds which sever it from good,

As books and common intercourse with life

95

Must needs have given—to the inexperienced mind,

When the World travels in a beaten road,

Guide faithful as is needed—I began

To meditate with ardour on the Rule

And management of Nations, what it is

100

And ought to be, and strove to learn how far

Their power or weakness, wealth or poverty,

Their happiness or misery, depend

Upon their laws, and fashion of the State.

O pleasant exercise of hope and joy!

105

For mighty were the Auxiliars which then stood

Upon our side, we who were strong in Love!

Bliss was it in that dawn to be alive,

But to be young was very Heaven! O times,

In which the meagre, stale, forbidding ways

110

Of custom, law, and statute, took at once

The attraction of a Country in Romance!

When Reason seemed the most to assert her rights,

When most intent on making of herself

A prime Enchantress—to assist the work

115

Which then was going forward in her name!

Not favored spots alone, but the whole earth

The beauty wore of promise—that which sets

(As at some moments might not be unfelt

Among the bowers of Paradise itself)

120

The budding rose above the rose full blown.

What Temper at the prospect did not wake

To happiness unthought of? The inert

Were roused, and lively natures rapt away!

They who had fed their Childhood upon dreams,

125

The play-fellows of Fancy, who had made

All powers of swiftness, subtilty, and strength

Their ministers,—who in lordly wise had stirred

Among the grandest objects of the Sense,

And dealt with whatsoever they found there

130

As if they had within some lurking right

To wield it;—they, too, who of gentle mood

310 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Had watched all gentle motions, and to these

Had fitted their own thoughts, schemers more mild,

And in the region of their peaceful selves;—

135

Now was it that both found, the Meek and Lofty

Did both find helpers to their hearts’ desire,

And stuff at hand, plastic as they could wish,—

Were called upon to exercise their skill,

Not in Utopia,—subterranean Fields,—

140

Or some secreted Island, Heaven knows where!

But in the very world, which is the world

Of all of us,—the place where in the end

We find our happiness, or not at all!

Why should I not confess that Earth was then

145

To me what an Inheritance new-fallen

Seems, when the first time visited, to one

Who thither comes to find in it his home?

He walks about and looks upon the spot

With cordial transport, moulds it and remoulds,

150

And is half-pleased with things that are amiss,

’Twill be such joy to see them disappear.

An active partisan, I thus convoked

From every object pleasant circumstance

To suit my ends; I moved among mankind

155

With genial feelings still predominant;

When erring, erring on the better part,

And in the kinder spirit; placable,

Indulgent, as not uninformed that men

See as they have been taught, and that Antiquity

160

Gives rights to error; and aware no less

That throwing off oppression must be work

As well of licence as of liberty;

And above all, for this was more than all,

Not caring if the wind did now and then

165

Blow keen upon an eminence that gave

Prospect so large into futurity;

In brief, a Child of Nature, as at first,

Diffusing only those affections wider

That from the cradle had grown up with me,

170

And losing, in no other way than light

The Prelude (1824–1829) 311

Is lost in light, the weak in the more strong.

In the main outline, such, it might be said,

Was my condition, till with open war

Britain opposed the Liberties of France;

175

This threw me first out of the pale of love,

Soured, and corrupted, upwards to the source,

My sentiments; was not, as hitherto,

A swallowing up of lesser things in great;

But change of them into their contraries;

180

And thus a way was opened for mistakes

And false conclusions, in degree as gross,

In kind more dangerous. What had been a pride

Was now a shame; my likings and my loves

Ran in new channels, leaving old ones dry,

185

And hence a blow that in maturer age

Would but have touched the judgement, struck more deep

Into sensations near the heart; meantime,

As from the first, wild theories were afloat

To whose pretensions sedulously urged

190

I had but lent a careless ear, assured

That time was ready to set all things right,

And that the multitude so long oppressed

Would be oppressed no more.

But when events

Brought less encouragement, and unto these

195

The immediate proof of principles no more

Could be entrusted, while the events themselves,

Worn out in greatness, stripped of novelty,

Less occupied the mind; and sentiments

Could through my understanding’s natural growth

200

No longer keep their ground, by faith maintained

Of inward consciousness, and hope that laid

Her hand upon her object; evidence

Safer, of universal application, such

As could not be impeached, was sought elsewhere.

205

But now, become Oppressors in their turn,

Frenchmen had changed a war of self-defence

For one of Conquest, losing sight of all

Which they had struggled for: and mounted up,

312 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Openly in the eye of Earth and Heaven,

210

The scale of Liberty. I read her doom

With anger vexed, with disappointment sore,

But not dismayed, nor taking to the shame

Of a false Prophet. While resentment rose,

Striving to hide, what nought could heal, the wounds

215

Of mortified presumption, I adhered

More firmly to old tenets, and, to prove

Their temper, strained them more; and thus, in heat

Of contest, did opinions every day

Grow into consequence, till round my mind

220

They clung, as if they were its life, nay more,

The very being of the immortal Soul.

This was the time when, all things tending fast

To depravation, speculative schemes

That promised to abstract the hopes of Man

225

Out of his feelings, to be fixed thenceforth

For ever in a purer element,

Found ready welcome. Tempting region that

For Zeal to enter and refresh herself,

Where passions had the privilege to work,

230

And never hear the sound of their own names:

But, speaking more in charity, the dream

Flattered the young, pleased with extremes, nor least

With that which makes our Reason’s naked self

The object of its fervour: What delight!

235

How glorious! in self-knowledge and self-rule

To look through all the frailties of the world,

And, with a resolute mastery shaking off

Infirmities of Nature, time, and place,

Build social upon personal Liberty,

240

Which, to the blind restraints of general Laws

Superior, magisterially adopts

One guide, the light of circumstances, flashed

Upon an independent intellect.

Thus expectation rose again; thus hope,

245

From her first ground expelled, grew proud once more.

Oft, as my thoughts were turned to human kind,

I scorned indifference; but, inflamed with thirst

The Prelude (1824–1829) 313

Of a secure intelligence, and sick

Of other longing, I pursued what seemed

250

A more exalted nature, wished that Man

Should start out of his earthy worm-like state

And spread abroad the wings of liberty,

Lord of himself in undisturbed delight;

A noble aspiration! yet I feel

255

(Sustained by worthier as by wiser thoughts)

The aspiration, nor shall ever cease

To feel it; but return we to our course.

Enough, ’tis true, could such a plea excuse

Those aberrations, had the clamorous friends

260

Of ancient Institutions said and done

To bring disgrace upon their very names;

Disgrace of which custom and written law,

And sundry moral sentiments as props

Or emanations of those institutes,

265

Too justly bore a part. A veil had been

Uplifted; why deceive ourselves? in sooth,

’Twas even so; and sorrow for the Man

Who either had not eyes wherewith to see,

Or, seeing, had forgotten; a strong shock

270

Was given to old opinions; all Men’s minds

Had felt its power, and mine was both let loose,

Let loose and goaded. After what hath been

Already said of patriotic love,

Suffice it here to add, that, somewhat stern

275

In temperament, withal a happy man,

And therefore bold to look on painful things,

Free likewise of the world, and thence more bold,

I summoned my best skill, and toiled, intent

To anatomize the frame of social life,

280

Yea, the whole body of society

Searched to its heart. Share with me, Friend! the wish

That some dramatic tale indued with shapes

Livelier, and flinging out less guarded words

Than suit the Work we fashion, might set forth

285

What then I learned, or think I learned, of truth,

And the errors into which I fell, betrayed

314 The Poems of William Wordsworth

By present objects, and by reasonings false

From their beginnings, inasmuch as drawn

Out of a heart that had been turned aside

290

From Nature’s way by outward accidents,

And which was thus confounded more and more,

Misguided and misguiding. So I fared,

Dragging all precepts, judgments, maxims, creeds,

Like culprits to the bar; calling the mind,

295

Suspiciously, to establish in plain day

Her titles and her honors, now believing,

Now disbelieving, endlessly perplexed

With impulse, motive, right and wrong, the ground

Of obligation, what the rule and whence

300

The sanction, till, demanding formal proof

And seeking it in every thing, I lost

All feeling of conviction, and, in fine,

Sick, wearied out with contrarieties,

Yielded up moral questions in despair.

305

This was the crisis of that strong disease,

This the soul’s last and lowest ebb; I drooped,

Deeming our blessed Reason of least use

Where wanted most: the lordly attributes

Of will and choice (I bitterly exclaimed),

310

What are they but a mockery of a Being

Who hath in no concerns of his a test

Of good and evil? knows not what to fear

Or hope for, what to covet or to shun?

And who, if those could be discerned, would yet

315

Be little profited, would see, and ask

Where is the obligation to enforce?

And, to acknowledged law rebellious, still

As selfish passion urged would act amiss:

The dupe of folly, or the slave of crime?

320

Depressed, bewildered thus, I did not walk

With scoffers, seeking light and gay revenge

From indiscriminate laughter, nor sate down

In reconcilement with an utter waste

Of Intellect; such sloth I could not brook.

325

(Too well I loved, in that my spring of life,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 315

Pains-taking thoughts and truth, their dear reward),

But turned to abstract science, and there sought

Work for the reasoning faculty, enthroned

Where the disturbances of space and time—

330

Whether in matter’s various properties

Inherent, or from human will and power

Derived—find no admission.— Then it was,

Thanks to the bounteous Giver of all good!

That the beloved Woman in whose sight

335

Those days were passed, now speaking in a voice

Of sudden admonition—like a brook

That does but cross a lonely road, and now

Seen, heard, and felt, and caught at every turn,

Companion never lost through many a league—

340

Maintained for me a saving intercourse

With my true self: for, though bedimmed and changed

Both as a clouded and a waning moon,

She whispered still that brightness would return,

She in the midst of all preserved me still

345

A Poet, made me seek beneath that name,

And that alone, my office upon earth.

And lastly, as hereafter will be shewn,

If willing audience fail not, Nature’s self,

By all varieties of human love

350

Assisted, led me back through opening day

To those sweet counsels between head and heart

Whence grew that genuine knowledge fraught with peace

Which, through the later sinkings of this cause,

Hath still upheld me, and upholds me now

355

In the catastrophe (for so they dream,

And nothing less), when, finally to close

And rivet down the gains of France, a Pope

Is summoned in, to crown an Emperor:

This last opprobrium, when we see a people

360

That once looked up in faith, as if to Heaven

For manna, take a lesson from the Dog

Returning to his vomit; when the Sun

That rose in splendour, was alive, and moved

In exultation with a living pomp

365

316 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of clouds—his glory’s natural retinue—

Hath dropped all functions by the Gods bestowed,

And, turned into a gewgaw, a machine,

Sets like an Opera phantom.

Thus through times

Of honor and through times of bitter shame

370

Descending, have I faithfully retraced

The perturbations of a youthful mind

Under a long-lived storm of great events—

A Story destined for thy ear, who now

Among the fallen of Nations dost abide

375

Where Ætna over hill and valley casts

His shadow, stretching towards Syracuse,

The City of Timoleon. Righteous Heaven!

How are the mighty prostrated! they first,

They first of all that breathe should have awaked

380

When the great voice was heard from out the Tombs

Of ancient Heroes. If I suffered grief

For ill-requited France, by many deemed

A trifler only in her proudest day;

Have been distressed to think of what she once

385

Promised, now is; a far more sober cause

Thine eyes must see of sorrow in a Land,

Though with the wreck of loftier years bestrewn,

To the reanimating influence lost

Of Memory, to virtue lost and hope.

390

But indignation works where hope is not,

And thou, O Friend! wilt be refreshed. There is

One great Society alone on Earth,

The noble Living, and the noble Dead.

Thine be such converse strong and sanative,

395

A ladder for thy Spirit to reascend

To health and joy and pure contentedness:

To me the grief confined that Thou art gone

From this last spot of earth where Freedom now

Stands single in her only Sanctuary;

400

A lonely Wanderer art gone, by pain

Compelled and sickness, at this latter day,

This sorrowful reverse for all mankind.

The Prelude (1824–1829) 317

I feel for thee, must utter what I feel:

The sympathies erewhile in part discharged

405

Gather afresh, and will have vent again;

My own delights do scarcely seem to me

My own delights; the lordly Alps themselves,

Those rosy peaks, from which the morning looks

Abroad on many Nations, for my mind

410

Are not that image of pure gladsomeness

Which they were wont to be: through kindred scenes,

For purpose, at a time how different!

Thou tak’st thy way, carrying the heart and soul

That Nature gives to Poets, now by thought

415

Matured, and in the summer of their strength.

Oh! wrap him in your Shades, Ye Giant woods

On Etna’s side, and thou, O flowery Field

Of Enna! is there not some nook of thine

From the first play-time of the infant world

420

Kept sacred to restorative delight

When from afar invoked by anxious love?

Child of the Mountains, among Shepherds reared,

Ere yet familiar with the Classic page,

I learnt to dream of Sicily; and lo!

425

The gloom that, but a moment past, was deepened

At her command, at her command gives way;

Sensations changing as thoughts shift their ground,

A pleasant promise, wafted from her shores,

Comes o’er my heart: in fancy I behold

430

Her seas yet smiling, her once happy Vales,

Nor can my tongue give utterance to a name

Of note belonging to that honored Isle,

Philosopher or Bard, Empedocles,

Or Archimedes, pure abstracted Soul!

435

That doth not yield a solace to my grief;

And O Theocritus, so far have some

Prevailed among the powers of heaven and earth

By their endowments good or great, that they

Have had, as thou reportest, miracles

440

Wrought for them in old time: yea, not unmoved

When thinking on my own beloved Friend,

318 The Poems of William Wordsworth

I hear thee tell how bees with honey fed

Divine Comates, by his impious Lord

Within a Chest imprisoned, how they came

445

Laden from blooming grove or flowery field,

And fed him there, alive month after month,

Because the Goatherd, blessed Man! had lips

Wet with the Muses’ Nectar.

Thus I soothe

The pensive moments by this calm fire side,

450

And find a thousand bounteous images

To chear the thoughts of those I love, and mine;

Our prayers have been accepted, thou wilt stand

On Etna’s summit above earth and sea

Triumphant, winning from the invaded heavens

455

Thoughts without bound, magnificent designs

Worthy of Poets who attuned the Harp

In wood or echoing cave, for discipline

Of Heroes; or, in reverence to the Gods,

’Mid Temples served by sapient Priests and choirs

460

Of Virgins crowned with roses. Not in vain

Those temples, where they in their ruins yet

Survive for inspiration, shall attract

Thy solitary steps. And on the brink

Thou wilt recline of pastoral Arethuse;

465

Or, if that fountain be in truth no more,

Then near some other Spring which by the name

Thou gratulatest, willingly deceived,

I see Thee linger, a glad Votary,

And not a Captive pining for his home.

470

BOOK TWELFTH

imagination and taste, how impaired and restored

Long time have human ignorance and guilt

Detained us, on what spectacles of woe

Compelled to look, and inwardly oppressed

With sorrow, disappointment, vexing thoughts,

Confusion of the judgment, zeal decayed,

5

And, lastly, utter loss of hope itself

And things to hope for! Not with these began

The Prelude (1824–1829) 319

Our Song, and not with these our Song must end.

Ye motions of delight, that haunt the sides

Of the green hills; ye breezes and soft airs,

10

Whose subtile intercourse with breathing flowers,

Feelingly watched, might teach Man’s haughty race

How without injury to take, to give

Without offence; ye who, as if to shew

The wondrous influence of power gently used,

15

Bend the complying heads of lordly pines,

And with a touch shift the stupendous clouds

Through the whole compass of the sky; ye brooks

Muttering along the stones, a busy noise

By day, a quiet sound in silent night;

20

Ye waves that out of the great deep steal forth

In a calm hour to kiss the pebbly shore,

Not mute, and then retire, fearing no storm;

And you, ye Groves, whose ministry it is

To interpose the covert of your shades,

25

Even as a sleep, between the heart of man

And outward troubles, between man himself,

Not seldom, and his own uneasy heart!

Oh that I had a music and a voice

Harmonious as your own, that I might tell

30

What Ye have done for me! The morning shines,

Nor heedeth Man’s perverseness; Spring returns,

I saw the Spring return and could rejoice,

In common with the Children of her love

Piping on boughs, or sporting on fresh fields,

35

Or boldly seeking pleasure nearer heaven

On wings that navigate cerulean skies.

So neither were complacency nor peace

Nor tender yearnings wanting for my good

Through those distracted times; in Nature still

40

Glorying, I found a counterpoise in her,

Which, when the Spirit of evil reached its height,

Maintained for me a secret happiness.

This Narrative, my Friend, hath chiefly told

Of intellectual power, fostering love,

45

Dispensing truth, and over men and things,

320 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Where reason yet might hesitate, diffusing

Prophetic sympathies of genial faith.

So was I favored, such my happy lot,

Until that natural graciousness of mind

50

Gave way to overpressure from the times

And their disastrous issues. What availed,

When spells forbade the Voyager to land,

That fragrant notice of a pleasant shore

Wafted at intervals from many a bower

55

Of blissful gratitude and fearless peace?

Dare I avow that wish was mine to see,

And hope that future times would surely see,

The man to come parted as by a gulph

From him who had been, that I could no more

60

Trust the elevation which had made me one

With the great Family that still survives

To illuminate the abyss of ages past,

Sage, Warrior, Patriot, Hero?—for it seemed

That their best virtues were not free from taint

65

Of something false and weak, that could not stand

The open eye of Reason. Then I said,

“Go to the Poets; they will speak to thee

More perfectly of purer Creatures; yet

If Reason be nobility in Man,

70

Can aught be more ignoble than the Man

Whom they delight in, blinded as he is

By prejudice, the miserable slave

Of low ambition, or distempered love?”

In such strange passion (if I may once more

75

Review the past) I warred against myself,

A Bigot to a New Idolatry;

Like a cowled Monk who hath forsworn the world,

Zealously labour’d to cut off my heart

From all the sources of her former strength;

80

And as by simple waving of a Wand

The wizard instantaneously dissolves

Palace or grove, even so could I unsoul

As readily by syllogistic words

Those mysteries of being which have made,

85

The Prelude (1824–1829) 321

And shall continue evermore to make,

Of the whole human race one brotherhood.

What wonder, then, if to a mind so far

Perverted, even the visible Universe

Fell under the dominion of a taste

90

Less Spiritual, with microscopic view

Was scanned, as I had scanned the moral world?

Oh Soul of Nature, excellent and fair!

That didst rejoice with me, with whom I too

Rejoiced, through early Youth, before the winds

95

And roaring waters, and in lights and shades

That marched and countermarched about the hills

In glorious apparition, powers on whom

I daily waited, now all eye and now

All ear; but never long without the heart

100

Employed, and Man’s unfolding intellect!

Oh Soul of Nature! that, by laws divine

Sustained and governed, still dost overflow

With an impassioned life, what feeble ones

Walk on this earth! how feeble have I been

105

When thou wert in thy strength! Nor this through stroke

Of human suffering, such as justifies

Remissness and inaptitude of mind,

But through presumption; even in pleasure pleased

Unworthily, disliking here, and there

110

Liking; by rules of mimic Art transferred

To things above all Art, but more,—for this,

Although a strong infection of the age,

Was never much my habit—giving way

To a comparison of scene with scene,

115

Bent overmuch on superficial things,

Pampering myself with meagre novelties

Of colour and proportion, to the moods

Of time and season, to the moral power,

The affections and the spirit of the Place,

120

Insensible. Nor only did the love

Of sitting thus in judgment interrupt

My deeper feelings, but another cause,

More subtile and less easily explained,

322 The Poems of William Wordsworth

That almost seems inherent in the Creature,

125

A twofold frame of body and of mind.

I speak in recollection of a time

When the bodily eye, in every stage of life

The most despotic of our senses, gained

Such strength in me as often held my mind

130

In absolute dominion. Gladly here,

Entering upon abstruser Argument,

Could I endeavour to unfold the means

Which Nature studiously employs to thwart

This tyranny, summons all the senses each

135

To counteract the other, and themselves,

And makes them all, and the Objects with which all

Are conversant, subservient in their turn

To the great ends of Liberty and Power.

But leave we this: enough that my delights

140

(Such as they were) were sought insatiably.

Vivid the transport, vivid, though not profound;

I roamed from hill to hill, from rock to rock,

Still craving combinations of new forms,

New pleasure, wider empire for the sight,

145

Proud of her own endowments, and rejoiced

To lay the inner faculties asleep.

Amid the turns and counterturns, the strife

And various trials of our complex being,

As we grow up, such thraldom of that sense

150

Seems hard to shun. And yet I knew a Maid,

A young Enthusiast, who escaped these bonds;

Her eye was not the Mistress of her heart;

Far less did rules prescribed by passive taste

Or barren intermeddling subtleties

155

Perplex her mind; but, wise as women are

When genial circumstance hath favoured them,

She welcomed what was given and craved no more;

Whate’er the scene presented to her view,

That was the best, to that she was attuned

160

By her benign simplicity of life

And through a perfect happiness of Soul

Whose variegated feelings were in this

The Prelude (1824–1829) 323

Sisters, that they were each some new delight.

Birds in the bower, and lambs in the green field,

165

Could they have known her, would have loved; methought

Her very presence such a sweetness breathed

That flowers, and trees, and even the silent hills,

And every thing she looked on should have had

An intimation how she bore herself

170

Towards them and to all creatures. God delights

In such a being; for her common thoughts

Are piety, her life is gratitude.

Even like this Maid, before I was called forth

From the retirement of my native hills,

175

I loved whate’er I saw: nor lightly loved,

But most intensely; never dreamt of aught

More grand, more fair, more exquisitely framed

Than those few nooks to which my happy feet

Were limited. I had not at that time

180

Lived long enough, nor in the least survived

The first diviner influence of this world

As it appears to unaccustomed eyes.

Worshipping then among the depth of things

As piety ordained, could I submit

185

To measured admiration, or to aught

That should preclude humility and love?

I felt, observed, and pondered; did not judge,

Yea, never thought of judging; with the gift

Of all this glory filled and satisfied.

190

And afterwards, when through the gorgeous Alps

Roaming, I carried with me the same heart:

In truth, the degradation, howsoe’er

Induced, effect in whatsoe’er degree

Of custom that prepares a partial scale

195

In which the little oft outweighs the great,

Or any other cause that hath been named;

Or lastly, aggravated by the times,

And their empassioned sounds, which well might make

The milder minstrelsies of rural scenes

200

Inaudible, was transient; I had known

Too forcibly, too early in my life,

324 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Visitings of imaginative power

For this to last: I shook the habit off

Entirely and for ever, and again.

205

In Nature’s presence stood, as now I stand,

A sensitive Being, a creative Soul.

There are in our existence spots of time,

That with distinct pre-eminence retain

A renovating virtue, whence, depressed

210

By false opinion and contentious thought,

Or aught of heavier or more deadly weight,

In trivial occupations, and the round

Of ordinary intercourse, our minds

Are nourished and invisibly repaired;

215

A virtue by which pleasure is inhanced,

That penetrates, enables us to mount,

When high, more high, and lifts us up when fallen.

This efficacious Spirit chiefly lurks

Among those passages of life that give

220

Profoundest knowledge how and to what point

The mind is lord and master—outward sense

The obedient Servant of her will. Such moments

Are scattered every where, taking their date

From our first Childhood. I remember well

225

That once, while yet my inexperienced hand

Could scarcely hold a bridle, with proud hopes

I mounted, and we journied towards the hills:

An ancient Servant of my Father’s house

Was with me, my encourager and Guide.

230

We had not travelled long ere some mischance

Disjoined me from my Comrade, and, through fear

Dismounting, down the rough and stony Moor

I led my horse, and, stumbling on, at length

Came to a bottom, where in former times

235

A Murderer had been hung in iron chains.

The Gibbet mast had mouldered down, the bones

And iron case were gone, but on the turf

Hard by, soon after that fell deed was wrought,

Some unknown hand had carved the Murderer’s name.

240

The monumental Letters were inscribed

The Prelude (1824–1829) 325

In times long past, but still from year to year,

By superstition of the neighbourhood,

The grass is cleared away, and to that hour

The characters were fresh and visible.

245

A casual glance had shewn them, and I fled,

Faultering and faint and ignorant of the road:

Then, reascending the bare common, saw

A naked Pool that lay beneath the hills,

The Beacon on its summit, and, more near,

250

A Girl who bore a Pitcher on her head,

And seemed with difficult steps to force her way

Against the blowing wind. It was in truth

An ordinary sight; but I should need

Colors and words that are unknown to man

255

To paint the visionary dreariness

Which, while I looked all round for my lost Guide,

Invested Moorland waste and naked Pool,

The Beacon crowning the lone eminence,

The Female and her garments vexed and tossed

260

By the strong wind.—When, in the blessed hours

Of early love, the loved One at my side,

I roamed, in daily presence of this scene,

Upon the naked Pool and dreary Crags,

And on the melancholy Beacon, fell

265

A spirit of pleasure, and Youth’s golden gleam;

And think ye not with radiance more sublime

For these remembrances, and for the power

They had left behind? So feeling comes in aid

Of feeling, and diversity of strength

270

Attends us, if but once we have been strong.

Oh! mystery of Man, from what a depth

Proceed thy honors! I am lost, but see

In simple child-hood something of the base

On which thy greatness stands; but this I feel,

275

That from thyself it comes, that thou must give,

Else never canst receive. The days gone by

Return upon me almost from the dawn

Of life: the hiding-places of Man’s power

Open; I would approach them, but they close.

280

326 The Poems of William Wordsworth

I see by glimpses now; when age comes on

May scarcely see at all, and I would give,

While yet we may, as far as words can give,

Substance and life to what I feel, enshrining,

Such is my hope, the spirit of the past

285

For future restoration.— Yet another

Of these memorials.

One Christmas-time,

On the glad Eve of its dear holidays,

Feverish, and tired, and restless, I went forth

Into the fields, impatient for the sight

290

Of those led Palfreys that should bear us home,

My Brothers and myself. There rose a Crag

That, from the meeting point of two highways

Ascending, overlooked them both, far stretched;

Thither, uncertain on which road to fix

295

My expectation, thither I repaired,

Scout-like, and gained the summit; ’twas a day

Tempestuous, dark, and wild, and on the grass

I sate, half-sheltered by a naked wall;

Upon my right hand couched a single sheep,

300

Upon my left a blasted hawthorn stood:

With those Companions at my side, I sate,

Straining my eyes intensely, as the mist

Gave intermitting prospect of the copse

And plain beneath. Ere we to School returned

305

That dreary time, ere we had been ten days

Sojourners in my Father’s House, he died,

And I and my three Brothers, Orphans then,

Followed his Body to the Grave. The Event,

With all the sorrow that it brought, appeared

310

A chastisement; and when I called to mind

That day so lately passed, when from the Crag

I looked in such anxiety of hope,

With trite reflections of morality,

Yet in the deepest passion, I bowed low

315

To God, who thus corrected my desires;

And afterwards, the wind and sleety rain

And all the business of the Elements,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 327

The single Sheep, and the one blasted tree,

And the bleak music of that old stone wall,

320

The noise of wood and water, and the mist

That on the line of each of those two Roads

Advanced in such indisputable shapes;

All these were kindred spectacles and sounds

To which I oft repaired, and thence would drink

325

As at a fountain; and on winter nights,

Down to this very time, when storm and rain

Beat on my roof, or haply at noon-day,

While in a grove I walk whose lofty trees,

Laden with summer’s thickest foliage, rock

330

In a strong wind, some working of the spirit,

Some inward agitations, thence are brought,

Whate’er their office, whether to beguile

Thoughts over-busy in the course they took,

Or animate an hour of vacant ease.

335

BOOK THIRTEENTH

subject concluded

From Nature doth emotion come, and moods

Of calmness equally are Nature’s gift:

This is her glory; these two attributes

Are sister horns that constitute her strength.

Hence Genius, born to thrive by interchange

5

Of peace and excitation, finds in her

His best and purest friend, from her receives

That energy by which he seeks the truth,

From her that happy stillness of the mind

Which fits him to receive it, when unsought.

10

Such benefit the humblest intellects

Partake of, each in their degree: ’tis mine

To speak of what myself have known and felt.

Smooth task! for words find easy way, inspired

By gratitude and confidence in truth.

15

Long time in search of knowledge did I range

The field of human life, in heart and mind

Benighted, but the dawn beginning now

To reappear, ’twas proved that not in vain

328 The Poems of William Wordsworth

I had been taught to reverence a Power

20

That is the visible quality and shape

And image of right reason, that matures

Her processes by steadfast laws, gives birth

To no impatient or fallacious hopes,

No heat of passion or excessive zeal,

25

No vain conceits,—provokes to no quick turns

Of self-applauding intellect,—but trains

To meekness, and exalts by humble faith;

Holds up before the mind, intoxicate

With present objects, and the busy dance

30

Of things that pass away, a temperate shew

Of objects that endure; and by this course

Disposes her, when over-fondly set

On throwing off incumbrances, to seek

In Man, and in the frame of social life,

35

Whate’er there is desireable and good

Of kindred permanence, unchanged in form

And function, or through strict vicissitude

Of life and death revolving. Above all

Were re-established now those watchful thoughts

40

Which (seeing little worthy or sublime

In what the Historian’s pen so much delights

To blazon, Power and Energy detached

From moral purpose) early tutored me

To look with feelings of fraternal love

45

Upon the unassuming things that hold

A silent station in this beauteous world.

Thus moderated, thus composed, I found

Once more in Man an object of delight,

Of pure imagination, and of love;

50

And, as the horizon of my mind enlarged,

Again I took the intellectual eye

For my Instructor, studious more to see

Great Truths, than touch and handle little ones.

Knowledge was given accordingly; my trust

55

Became more firm in feelings that had stood

The test of such a trial; clearer far

My sense of excellence—of right and wrong:

The Prelude (1824–1829) 329

The promise of the present time retired

Into its true proportion; sanguine schemes,

60

Ambitious projects, pleased me less; I sought

For present good in life’s familiar face,

And built thereon my hopes of good to come.

With settling judgments now of what would last

And what must disappear, prepared to find

65

Presumption, folly, madness, in the Men

Who thrust themselves upon the passive world

As Rulers of the world, to see in these,

Even when the public welfare is their aim,

Plans without thought, or built on theories

70

Vague and unsound, and having brought the Books

Of modern Statists to their proper test,

Life, human life with all its sacred claims

Of sex and age, and heaven-descended rights

Mortal, or those beyond the reach of death;

75

And having thus discerned how dire a thing

Is worshipped in that Idol proudly named

“The Wealth of Nations,” where alone that wealth

Is lodged, and how encreased; and having gained

A more judicious knowledge of the worth

80

And dignity of individual Man,

No composition of the brain, but Man

Of whom we read, the Man whom we behold

With our own eyes—I could not but enquire,

Not with less interest than heretofore,

85

But greater, though in Spirit more subdued,

Why is this glorious Creature to be found

One only in ten thousand? What one is,

Why may not millions be? What bars are thrown

By Nature in the way of such a hope?

90

Our animal appetites, and daily wants,

Are these obstructions insurmountable?

If not, then others vanish into air.

“Inspect the basis of the social Pile:

Enquire,” said I, “how much of mental Power

95

And genuine virtue they possess who live

By bodily toil, labour exceeding far

330 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Their due proportion, under all the weight

Of that injustice which upon ourselves

Ourselves entail.” Such estimate to frame

100

I chiefly looked (what need to look beyond?)

Among the natural Abodes of men,

Fields with their rural works, recalled to mind

My earliest notices, with these compared

The observations made in later youth,

105

And to that day continued.—For the time

Had never been when throes of mightiest Nations

And the world’s tumult unto me could yield,

How far soe’er transported and possessed,

Full measure of content; but still I craved

110

An intermingling of distinct regards

And truths of individual sympathy

Nearer ourselves. Such often might be gleaned

From the great City, else it must have proved

To me a heart-depressing wilderness;

115

But much was wanting; therefore did I turn

To you, ye pathways, and ye lonely roads;

Sought you enriched with every thing I prized,

With human kindnesses and simple joys.

Oh! next to one dear State of bliss, vouchsafed

120

Alas! to few in this untoward world,

The bliss of walking daily in Life’s prime

Through field or forest with the Maid we love,

While yet our hearts are young, while yet we breathe

Nothing but happiness; in some lone nook,

125

Deep vale, or any where, the home of both,

From which it would be misery to stir;

Oh! next to such enjoyment of our youth,

In my esteem, next to such dear delight

Was that of wandering on from day to day

130

Where I could meditate in peace, and cull

Knowledge that step by step might lead me on

To wisdom; or, as lightsome as a Bird

Wafted upon the wind from distant lands,

Sing notes of greeting to strange fields or groves,

135

Which lacked not voice to welcome me in turn;

The Prelude (1824–1829) 331

And when that pleasant toil had ceased to please,

Converse with men, where if we meet a face

We almost meet a friend: on naked heaths

With long long ways before, by Cottage bench

140

Or well-spring, where the weary Traveller rests.

Who doth not love to follow with his eye

The windings of a public way? the sight

Hath wrought on my imagination since the morn

Of childhood, when a disappearing line,

145

One daily present to my eyes, that crossed

The naked summit of a far-off hill

Beyond the limits that my feet had trod,

Was like an invitation into space

Boundless, or guide into eternity!

150

Yes, something of the grandeur which invests

The Mariner who sails the roaring sea

Through storm and darkness, early in my mind

Surrounded, too, the Wanderers of the Earth—

Grandeur as much, and loveliness far more.

155

Awed have I been by strolling Bedlamites,

From many other uncouth Vagrants (passed

In fear) have walked with quicker step; but why

Take note of this? When I began to enquire,

To watch and question those I met, and speak

160

Without reserve to them, the lonely roads

Were open Schools in which I daily read

With most delight the passions of mankind,

Whether by words, looks, sighs, or tears revealed;

There saw into the depth of human souls—

165

Souls that appear to have no depth at all

To careless eyes. And now—convinced at heart

How little those formalities, to which

With overweening trust alone we give

The name of Education, have to do

170

With real feeling and just sense, how vain

A correspondence with the talking world

Proves to the most, and called to make good search

If man’s estate, by doom of Nature yoked

With toil, is therefore yoked with ignorance,

175

332 The Poems of William Wordsworth

If virtue be indeed so hard to rear,

And intellectual strength so rare a boon—

I prized such walks still more, for there I found

Hope to my hope, and to my pleasure peace

And steadiness; and healing and repose

180

To every angry passion. There I heard,

From mouths of men obscure and lowly, truths

Replete with honour; sounds in unison

With loftiest promises of good and fair.

There are who think that strong affections, love

185

Known by whatever name, is falsely deemed

A gift, to use a term which they would use,

Of vulgar nature, that its growth requires

Retirement, leisure, language purified

By manners studied and elaborate;

190

That whoso feels such passion in its strength

Must live within the very light and air

Of courteous usages refined by Art.

True is it where oppression worse than death

Salutes the Being at his birth, where grace

195

Of culture hath been utterly unknown,

And poverty and labour in excess

From day to day preoccupy the ground

Of the affections, and to Nature’s self

Oppose a deeper Nature; there indeed

200

Love cannot be, nor does it thrive with ease

Among the close and overcrowded haunts

Of cities, where the human heart is sick

And the eye feeds it not, and cannot feed.

—Yes, in those wanderings deeply did I feel

205

How we mislead each other; above all,

How Books mislead us, seeking their reward

From judgments of the wealthy Few, who see

By artificial lights; how they debase

The Many for the pleasure of those Few;

210

Effeminately level down the truth

To certain general notions for the sake

Of being understood at once, or else

Through want of better knowledge in the heads

The Prelude (1824–1829) 333

That framed them, flattering self-conceit with words

215

That, while they most ambitiously set forth

Extrinsic differences, the outward marks

Whereby Society has parted man

From man, neglect the universal heart.

Here, calling up to mind what then I saw,

220

A youthful Traveller, and see daily now

In the familiar circuit of my home,

Here might I pause and bend in reverence

To Nature, and the power of human minds,

To Men as they are Men within themselves.

225

How oft high service is performed within,

When all the external Man is rude in shew!

Not like a Temple rich with pomp and gold,

But a mere mountain Chapel that protects

Its simple Worshippers from sun and shower.

230

Of these, said I, shall be my song, of these,

If future years mature me for the task,

Will I record the praises, making Verse

Deal boldly with substantial things; in truth

And sanctity of passion speak of these,

235

That justice may be done, obeisance paid

Where it is due: thus haply shall I teach,

Inspire, through unadulterated ears

Pour rapture, tenderness, and hope, my theme

No other than the very heart of Man

240

As found among the best of those who live

Not unexalted by religious faith,

Nor uninformed by Books, good books, though few,

In Nature’s presence: thence may I select

Sorrow, that is not sorrow, but delight,

245

And miserable love that is not pain

To hear of, for the glory that redounds

Therefrom to human kind and what we are.

Be mine to follow with no timid step

Where knowledge leads me; it shall be my pride

250

That I have dared to tread this holy ground,

Speaking no dream, but things oracular,

Matter not lightly to be heard by those

334 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Who to the letter of the outward promise

Do read the invisible Soul, by Men adroit

255

In speech, and for communion with the world

Accomplished, minds whose faculties are then

Most active when they are most eloquent,

And elevated most, when most admired.

Men may be found of other mold than these,

260

Who are their own Upholders, to themselves

Encouragement, and energy, and will,

Expressing liveliest thoughts in lively words

As native passion dictates. Others, too,

There are, among the walks of homely life,

265

Still higher, men for contemplation framed,

Shy, and unpractised in the strife of phrase,

Meek men, whose very souls perhaps would sink

Beneath them, summoned to such intercourse:

Theirs is the language of the heavens, the power,

270

The thought, the image, and the silent joy;

Words are but under-agents in their Souls;

When they are grasping with their greatest strength

They do not breathe among them; this I speak

In gratitude to God, who feeds our hearts

275

For his own service; knoweth, loveth us

When we are unregarded by the world.

Also, about this time did I receive

Convictions still more strong than heretofore

Not only that the inner frame is good,

280

And graciously composed, but that, no less,

Nature for all conditions wants not power

To consecrate, if we have eyes to see,

The outside of her Creatures, and to breathe

Grandeur upon the very humblest face

285

Of human life. I felt that the array

Of act and circumstance, and visible form,

Is mainly, to the pleasure of the mind,

What passion makes them, that meanwhile the forms

Of Nature have a passion in themselves

290

That intermingles with those works of man

To which she summons him; although the works

The Prelude (1824–1829) 335

Be mean, have nothing lofty of their own;

And that the Genius of the Poet hence

May boldly take his way among mankind

295

Wherever Nature leads, that he hath stood

By Nature’s side among the Men of old,

And so shall stand for ever. Dearest Friend,

If thou partake the animating faith

That Poets, even as Prophets, each with each

300

Connected in a mighty scheme of truth,

Have each his own peculiar faculty,

Heaven’s gift, a sense that fits him to perceive

Objects unseen before, thou wilt not blame

The humblest of this band who dares to hope

305

That unto him hath also been vouchsafed

An insight, that in some sort he possesses

A Privilege, whereby a Work of his,

Proceeding from a source of untaught things,

Creative and enduring, may become

310

A Power like one of Nature’s. To a hope

Not less ambitious once among the Wilds

Of Sarum’s Plain my youthful Spirit was raised;

There, as I ranged at will the pastoral downs

Trackless and smooth, or paced the bare white roads

315

Lengthening in solitude their dreary line,

Time with his retinue of ages fled

Backwards, nor checked his flight until I saw

Our dim Ancestral Past in Vision clear;

Saw multitudes of men, and here and there

320

A single Briton clothed in Wolf-skin vest,

With shield and stone-axe, stride across the wold;

The voice of Spears was heard, the rattling spear

Shaken by arms of mighty bone, in strength,

Long mouldered, of barbaric majesty.

325

I called on Darkness—but before the word

Was uttered, midnight darkness seemed to take

All objects from my sight; and lo! again

The Desart visible by dismal flames;

It is the Sacrificial Altar, fed

330

With living Men—how deep the groans! the voice

336 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of those that crowd the giant wicker thrills

The monumental hillocks, and the pomp

Is for both worlds, the living and the dead.

At other moments (for through that wide waste

335

Three summer days I roamed) where’er the Plan

Was figured o’er with circles, lines, or mounds,

That yet survive, a work, as some divine,

Shaped by the Druids, so to represent

Their knowledge of the heavens, and image forth

340

The constellations; gently was I charmed

Into a waking dream, a reverie

That with believing eyes, where’er I turned,

Beheld long-bearded Teachers with white wands

Uplifted, pointing to the starry sky

345

Alternately, and Plain below, while breath

Of music swayed their motions, and the Waste

Rejoiced with them and me in those sweet Sounds.

This for the past, and things that may be viewed

Or fancied, in the obscurity of years

350

From monumental hints: and thou, O Friend!

Pleased with some unpremeditated strains

That served those wanderings to beguile, hast sad

That then and there my mind had exercised

Upon the vulgar forms of present things,

355

The actual world of our familiar days,

Yet higher power, had caught from them a tone,

An image, and a character, by books

Not hitherto reflected. Call we this

A partial judgement—and yet why? for then

360

We were as Strangers; and I may not speak

Thus wrongfully of verse, however rude,

Which on thy young imagination, trained

In the great City, broke like light from far.

Moreover, each man’s mind is to herself

365

Witness and judge; and I remember well

That in Life’s every-day appearances

I seemed about this time to gain clear sight

Of a new world, a world, too, that was fit

To be transmitted and to other eyes

370

Made visible, as ruled by those fixed laws

The Prelude (1824–1829) 337

Whence spiritual dignity originates,

Which do both give it being and maintain

A balance, an ennobling interchange

Of action from without, and from within;

375

The excellence, pure function, and best power

Both of the object seen, and eye that sees.

BOOK FOURTEENTH

conclusion

In one of those Excursions (may they ne’er

Fade from remembrance!), through the Northern tracts

Of Cambria ranging with a youthful Friend,

I left Bethgellert’s huts at couching-time,

And westward took my way, to see the sun

5

Rise from the top of Snowdon. To the door

Of a rude Cottage at the Mountain’s base

We came, and rouzed the Shepherd who attends

The adventurous Stranger’s steps, a trusty Guide;

Then, cheered by short refreshment, sallied forth.

10

—It was a close, warm, breezeless summer night,

Wan, dull, and glaring, with a dripping fog

Low-hung and thick, that covered all the sky.

But, undiscouraged, we began to climb

The mountain-side. The mist soon girt us round,

15

And, after ordinary Travellers’ talk

With our Conductor, pensively we sank

Each into commerce with his private thoughts:

Thus did we breast the ascent, and by myself

Was nothing either seen or heard that checked

20

Those musings or diverted, save that once

The Shepherd’s Lurcher, who, among the crags,

Had to his joy unearthed a Hedgehog, teased

His coiled-up Prey with barkings turbulent.

This small adventure, for even such it seemed

25

In that wild place, and at the dead of night,

Being over and forgotten, on we wound

In silence as before. With forehead bent

Earthward, as if in opposition set

Against an enemy, I panted up

30

338 The Poems of William Wordsworth

With eager pace, and no less eager thoughts.

Thus might we wear a midnight hour away,

Ascending at loose distance each from each

And I, as chanced, the foremost of the Bard:

When at my feet the ground appeared to brighten,

35

And with a step or two seemed brighter still;

Nor was time given to ask, or learn, the cause;

For instantly a light upon the turf

Fell like a flash; and lo! as I looked up,

The Moon hung naked in a firmament

40

Of azure without cloud, and at my feet

Rested a silent sea of hoary mist.

A hundred hills their dusky backs upheavd

All over this still Ocean; and beyond,

Far, far beyond, the solid vapours stretched,

45

In Headlands, tongues, and promontory shapes,

Into the main Atlantic, that appeared

To dwindle, and give up his majesty,

Usurped upon far as the sight could reach

Not so the ethereal Vault; encroachment none

50

Was there, nor loss; only the inferior stars

Had disappeared, or shed a fainter light

In the clear presence of the full-orbed Moon;

Who, from her sovereign elevation, gazed

Upon the billowy ocean, as it lay

55

All meek and silent, save that through a rift

Not distant from the shore whereon we stood,

A fixed, abysmal, gloomy breathing-place,

Mounted the roar of waters—torrents—streams

Innumerable, roaring with one voice!

60

Heard over earth and sea, and in that hour,

For so it seemed, felt by the starry heavens.

When into air had partially dissolved

That Vision, given to Spirits of the night,

And three chance human Wanderers, in calm thought

65

Reflected, it appeared to me the type

Of a majestic Intellect, its acts

And its possessions, what it has and craves,

What in itself it is, and would become.

The Prelude (1824–1829) 339

There I beheld the emblem of a Mind

70

That feeds upon infinity, that broods

Over the dark abyss, intent to hear

Its voices issuing forth to silent light

In one continuous stream; a mind sustained

By recognitions of transcendent power

75

In sense, conducting to ideal form;

In soul, of more than mortal privilege.

One function, above all, of such a mind

Had Nature shadowed there, by putting forth,

’Mid circumstances awful and sublime,

80

That mutual domination which she loves

To exert upon the face of outward things,

So moulded, joined, abstracted; so endowed

With interchangeable supremacy,

That Men least sensitive see, hear, perceive,

85

And cannot chuse but feel. The power which all

Acknowledge when thus moved, which Nature thus

To bodily sense exhibits, is the express

Resemblance of that glorious faculty

That higher minds bear with them as their own.

90

This is the very spirit in which they deal

With the whole compass of the universe:

They, from their native selves, can send abroad

Kindred mutations; for themselves create

A like existence; and whene’er it dawns

95

Created for them, catch it;—or are caught

By its inevitable mastery,

Like angels stopped upon the wing by sound

Of harmony from heaven’s remotest spheres.

Them the enduring and the transient both

100

Serve to exalt; they build up greatest things

From least suggestions; ever on the watch,

Willing to work and to be wrought upon,

They need not extraordinary calls

To rouse them, in a world of life they live;

105

By sensible impressions not enthralled,

But, by their quickening impulse, made more prompt

To hold fit converse with the spiritual world,

340 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And with the generations of mankind

Spread over time, past, present, and to come,

110

Age after age, till Time shall be no more.

Such minds are truly from the Deity,

For they are powers; and hence the highest bliss

That flesh can know is theirs,—the consciousness

Of whom they are, habitually infused

115

Through every image, and through every thought,

And all affections by communion raised

From earth to heaven, from human to divine.

Hence endless occupation for the Soul,

Whether discursive or intuitive;

120

Hence chearfulness for acts of daily life,

Emotions which best foresight need not fear,

Most worthy then of trust when most intense:

Hence, amid ills that vex, and wrongs that crush

Our hearts, if here the words of holy Writ

125

May with fit reverence be applied, that peace

Which passeth understanding,—that repose

In moral judgements which from this pure source

Must come, or will by Man be sought in vain.

Oh! who is he that hath his whole life long

130

Preserved, enlarged, this freedom in himself?

For this alone is genuine Liberty.

Where is the favoured Being who hath held

That course, unchecked, unerring, and untired,

In one perpetual progress smooth and bright?

135

—A humbler destiny have we retraced,

And told of lapse and hesitating choice,

And backward wanderings along thorny ways:

Yet, compassed round by Mountain Solitudes

Within whose solemn temple I received

140

My earliest visitations, careless then

Of what was given me; and which now I range

A meditative, oft a suffering Man,

Do I declare, in accents which, from truth

Deriving chearful confidence, shall blend

145

Their modulation with these vocal streams,

That, whatsoever falls my better mind

The Prelude (1824–1829) 341

Revolving with the accidents of life

May have sustained, that, howsoe’er misled,

Never did I, in quest of right and wrong,

150

Tamper with conscience from a private aim;

Nor was in any public hope the dupe

Of selfish passions; nor did ever yield,

Wilfully, to mean cares or low pursuits;

But shrunk with apprehensive jealousy

155

From every combination which might aid

The tendency, too potent in itself,

Of use and custom to bow down the Soul

Under a growing weight of vulgar sense,

And substitute a universe of death

160

For that which moves with light and life informed,

Actual, divine, and true. To fear and love,

To love as prime and chief, for there fear ends,

Be this ascribed; to early intercourse

In presence of sublime or beautiful forms

165

With the adverse principles of pain and joy—

Evil, as one is rashly named by men

Who know not what they speak. By love subsists

All lasting grandeur, by pervading love;

That gone, we are as dust.—Behold the fields

170

In balmy spring-time full of rising flowers

And joyous Creatures; see that Pair, the lamb

And the lamb’s Mother, and their tender ways

Shall touch thee to the heart; thou callest this love,

And not inaptly so, for love it is,

175

Far as it carries thee. In some green Bower

Rest, and be not alone, but have thou there

The One who is thy choice of all the world:

There linger, listening, gazing with delight

Impassioned, but delight how pitiable!

180

Unless this love by a still higher love

Be hallowed, love that breathes not without awe;

Love that adores, but on the knees of prayer,

By heaven inspired; that frees from chains the soul,

Bearing in union with the purest, best

185

Of earth-born passions, on the wings of praise,

342 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A mutual tribute to the Almighty’s Throne.

This spiritual love acts not, nor can exist

Without Imagination, which in truth

Is but another name for absolute power

190

And clearest insight, amplitude of mind,

And reason, in her most exalted mood.

This faculty hath been the feeding source

Of our long labor: we have traced the stream

From the blind cavern whence is faintly heard

195

Its natal murmur; followed it to light

And open day; accompanied its course

Among the ways of Nature; for a time

Lost sight of it, bewildered and engulphed;

Then given it greeting as it rose once more

200

In strength, reflecting from its placid breast

The works of man, and face of human life;

And lastly, from its progress have we drawn

Faith in life endless, the sustaining thought

Of human being, Eternity, and God.

205

—Imagination having been our theme,

So also hath that intellectual love,

For they are each in each, and cannot stand

Dividually.—Here must thou be, O Man!

Power to thyself; no Helper hast thou here;

210

Here keepest thou in singleness thy state;

No other can divide with thee this work;

No secondary hand can intervene

To fashion this ability; ’tis thine,

The prime and vital principle is thine

215

In the recesses of thy nature, far

From any reach of outward fellowship,

Else is not thine at all. But joy to him,

Oh, joy to him who here hath sown, hath laid

Here the foundation of his future years!

220

For all that friendship, all that love can do,

All that a darling countenance can look

Or dear voice utter to complete the man,

Perfect him, made imperfect in himself,

All shall be his: and he whose soul hath risen

225

The Prelude (1824–1829) 343

Up to the height of feeling intellect

Shall want no humbler tenderness, his heart

Be tender as a nursing Mother’s heart;

Of female softness shall his life be full,

Of humble cares, and delicate desires,

230

Mild interests and gentlest sympathies.

Child of my Parents! Sister of my Soul!

Thanks in sincerest Verse have been elsewhere

Poured out for all the early tenderness

Which I from thee imbibed: and ’tis most true

235

That later seasons owed to thee no less;

For spite of thy sweet influence and the touch

Of kindred hands that opened out the springs

Of genial thought in childhood, and in spite

Of all that, unassisted, I had marked,

240

In life or nature, of dose charms minute

That win their way into the heart by stealth,

Still, to the very going out of Youth,

I too exclusively esteemed that love,

And sought that beauty, which, as Milton sings,

245

Hath terror in it. Thou didst soften down

This over-sternness: rut for thee, dear Friend,

My soul, too reckless of mild grace, had stood

In her original self too confident,

Retained too long a countenance severe,

250

A rock with torrents roaring, with the clouds

Familiar, and a favorite of the Stars:

But thou didst plant its crevices with flowers,

Hang it with shrubs that twinkle in the breeze,

And teach the little birds to build their nests

255

And warble in its chambers. At a time

When Nature, destined to remain so long

Foremost in my affections, had fallen back

Into a second place, pleased to become

A handmaid to a nobler than herself,

260

When every day brought with it some new sense

Of exquisite regard for common things,

And all the earth was budding with these gifts

Of more refined humanity, thy breath,

344 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Dear Sister, was a kind of gentler spring

265

That went before my steps. Thereafter came

One, whom with thee friendship had early paired;

She came, no more a Phantom to adorn

A moment, but an inmate of the heart,

And yet a Spirit, there for me enshrined

270

To penetrate the lofty and the low;

Even as one essence of pervading light

Shines in the brightest of ten thousand stars,

And the meek worm that feeds her lonely lamp

Couched in the dewy grass.

With such a theme,

275

Coleridge! with this my argument, of thee

Shall I be silent? O capacious Soul!

Placed on this earth to love and understand,

And from thy presence shed the light of love,

Shall I be mute ere thou be spoken of?

280

Thy kindred influence to my heart of hearts

Did also find its way. Thus fear relaxed

Her overweening grasp, thus thoughts and things

In the self-haunting spirit learned to take

More rational proportions; mystery,

285

The incumbent mystery of sense and soul,

Of Life and death, time and eternity,

Admitted more habitually a mild

Interposition—a serene delight

In closelier gathering cares, such as become

290

A human creature, howsoe’er endowed,

Poet, or destined for a humbler name;

And so the deep enthusiastic joy,

The rapture of the hallelujah sent

From all that breathes and is, was chastened, stemmed,

295

And balanced by pathetic truth, by trust

In hopeful reason, leaning on the stay

Of Providence;—and in reverence for duty,

Here, if need be, struggling with storms, and there

Strewing in peace Life’s humblest ground with herbs

300

At every season green, sweet at all hours.

And now, O Friend! this History is brought

The Prelude (1824–1829) 345

To its appointed close: the discipline

And consummation of a Poet’s mind

In every thing that stood most prominent

305

Have faithfully been pictured; we have reached

The time (our guiding object from the first)

When we may, not presumptuously, I hope,

Suppose my powers so far confirmed, and such

My knowledge, as to make me capable

310

Of building up a Work that shall endure;

Yet much hath been omitted, as need was,

Of books how much! and even of the other wealth

That is collected among woods and fields

Far more: for Nature’s secondary grace

315

Hath hitherto been barely touched upon:

The charm more superficial that attends

Her works, as they present to Fancy’s choice

Apt illustrations of the moral world

Caught at a glance or traced with curious pains.

320

Finally, and above all, O Friend (I speak

With due regret), how much is overlooked

In human nature and her subtile ways

As studied first in our own hearts, and then

In life among the passions of mankind,

325

Varying their composition and their hue,

Where’er we move, under the diverse shapes

That individual character presents

To an attentive eye! For progress meet

Along this intricate and difficult path,

330

Whate’er was wanting, something had I gained

As One of many School-fellows, compelled

In hardy independance to stand up

Amid conflicting interests, and the shock

Of various tempers, to endure and note

335

What was not understood though known to be:

Among the mysteries of love and hate,

Honour and shame, looking to right and left,

Unchecked by innocence too delicate,

And moral notions too intolerant,

340

Sympathies too contracted. Hence when called

346 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To take a station among Men, the step

Was easier, the transition more secure,

More profitable also; for the mind

Learns from such timely exercise to keep

345

In wholesome separation the two natures,

The one that feels, the other that observes.

Yet one word more of personal concern—

Since I withdrew unwillingly from France

I led an undomestic Wanderer’s life,

350

In London chiefly harboured; whence I roamed,

Tarrying at will in many a pleasant spot

Of rural England’s cultivated Vales

Or Cambrian solitudes.—

A Youth (he bore

The name of Calvert, it shall live if words

355

Of mine can give it life) in firm belief

That by endowments not from me withheld

Good might be furthered, in his last decay

Withdrawing, and from kindred whom he loved,

A part of no redundant Patrimony,

360

By a bequest sufficient for my needs

Enabled me to pause for choice, and walk

At large and unrestrained, nor damped too soon

By mortal cares. Himself no Poet, yet

Far less a common Follower of the world,

365

He deemed that my pursuits and labors lay

Apart from all that leads to wealth, or even

A necessary maintenance ensures

Without some hazard to the finer sense;

—He cleared a passage for me, and the stream

370

Flowed in the bent of Nature.

Having now

Told what best merits mention, further pains

Our present purpose seems not to require,

And I have other tasks. Recall to mind

The mood in which this labour was begun.

375

O Friend! the termination of my course

Is nearer now, much nearer; yet even then,

In that distraction, and intense desire,

The Prelude (1824–1829) 347

I said unto the life which I had lived,

Where art thou? Hear I not a voice from thee

380

Which ’tis reproach to hear? Anon I rose

As if on wings, and saw beneath me stretched

Vast prospect of the world which I had been

And was; and hence this Song, which like a Lark

I have protracted, in the unwearied heavens

385

Singing, and often with more plaintive voice

To Earth attempered and her deep-drawn sighs,

Yet centering all in love, and in the end

All gratulant, if rightly understood.

Whether to me shall be allotted life,

390

And with life, power, to accomplish aught of worth

That will be deemed no insufficient plea

For having given this Story of myself,

Is all uncertain: but, beloved Friend!

When, looking back, thou seest, in clearer view

395

Than any liveliest sight of yesterday,

That summer under whose indulgent skies

Upon smooth Quantock’s airy ridge we roved

Unchecked, or loitered ’mid her sylvan Combs,

Thou in bewitching words with happy heart

400

Didst chaunt the Vision of that Ancient Man,

The bright-eyed Mariner, and rueful woes

Didst utter of the Lady Christabel;

And I, Associate with such labor, steeped

In soft forgetfulness the live-long hours,

405

Murmuring of Him who, joyous hap, was found,

After the perils of his moonlight ride,

Near the loud Waterfall; or her who sate

In misery near the miserable Thorn;

When Thou dost to that Summer turn thy thoughts,

410

And hast before thee all which then we were,

To thee, in memory of that happiness,

It will be known, by thee at least, my Friend,

Felt, that the History of a Poet’s mind

Is labour not unworthy of regard.

415

To thee the Work shall justify itself.

The last and later portions of this Gift

348 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Have been prepared, not with the buoyant spirits

That were our daily portion when we first

Together wantoned in wild Poesy,

420

But under pressure of a private grief

Keen and enduring, which the mind and heart

That in this meditative History

Have been laid open needs must make me feel

More deeply, yet enable me to bear

425

More firmly; and a comfort now hath risen

From hope that Thou art near, and wilt be soon

Restored to us, in renovated health:

When, after the first mingling of our tears,

’Mong other consolations, we may draw

430

Some pleasure from this Offering of my love.

Oh! yet a few short years of useful life,

And all will be complete, thy race be run,

Thy monument of glory will be raised;

Then, though, too weak to tread the ways of truth,

435

This Age fall back to old idolatry,

Though Men return to servitude as fast

As the tide ebbs, to ignominy and shame

By Nations sink together, we shall still

Find solace—knowing what we have learnt to know,

440

Rich in true happiness if allowed to be

Faithful alike in forwarding a day

Of firmer trust, joint laborers in the Work

(Should Providence such grace to us vouchsafe)

Of their deliverance, surely yet to come.

445

Prophets of Nature, we to them will speak

A lasting inspiration, sanctified

By reason, blest by faith: what we have loved

Others will love, and we will teach them how,

Instruct them how the mind of Man becomes

450

A thousand times more beautiful than the earth

On which he dwells, above this Frame of things

(Which ’mid all revolutions in the hopes

And fears of Men doth still remain unchanged)

In beauty exalted, as it is itself

455

Of quality and fabric more divine.

349

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, (1820–1845)

The River Duddon

a series of

SONNETS

The River Duddon rises upon Wrynose Fell, on the confines of

Westmorland, Cumberland, and Lancashire; and, serving as a boundary to

the two latter counties, for the space of about twenty-five miles, enters the

Irish sea, between the isle of Walney and the lordship of Millum.

I

Not envying shades which haply yet may throw

A grateful coolness round that rocky spring,

Bandusia, once responsive to the string

Of the Horatian lyre with babbling flow;

Careless of flowers that in perennial blow

5

Round the moist marge of Persian fountains cling;

Heedless of Alpine torrents thundering

Through icy portals radiant as heaven’s bow;

I seek the birth-place of a native Stream.—

All hail ye mountains, hail thou morning light!

10

Better to breathe upon this aëry height

Than pass in needless sleep from dream to dream;

Pure flow the verse, pure, vigorous, free, and bright,

For Duddon, long-lov’d Duddon, is my theme!

II

Child of the clouds! remote from every taint

Of sordid industry thy lot is cast;

Thine are the honors of the lofty waste;

Not seldom, when with heat the valleys faint,

Thy hand-maid Frost with spangled tissue quaint

5

Thy cradle decks;—to chaunt thy birth, thou hast

1 WW’s notes all appeared in the first edition of the series in 1820. For the sources of the

reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, 1820–

1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 49–53, and 99–.

350 The Poems of William Wordsworth

No meaner Poet than the whistling Blast,

And Desolation is thy Patron-saint!

She guards thee, ruthless Power! who would not spare

Those mighty forests, once the bison’s screen,

10

Where stalk’d the huge deer to his shaggy lair

Through paths and alleys roofed with sombre green,

Thousands of years before the silent air

Was pierced by whizzing shaft of hunter keen!

III

How shall I paint thee?—Be this naked stone

My seat while I give way to such intent;

Pleased could my verse, a speaking monument,

Make to the eyes of men thy features known.

But as of all those tripping lambs not one

5

Outruns his fellows, so hath nature lent

To thy beginning nought that doth present

Peculiar grounds for hope to build upon.

To dignify the spot that gives thee birth,

No sign of hoar Antiquity’s esteem

10

Appears, and none of modern Fortune’s care;

Yet thou thyself hast round thee shed a gleam

Of brilliant moss, instinct with freshness rare;

Prompt offering to thy Foster-mother, Earth!

IV

Take, cradled Nursling of the mountain, take

This parting glance, no negligent adieu!

A Protean change seems wrought while I pursue

The curves, a loosely-scattered chain doth make;

Or rather thou appear’st a glistering snake,

5

Silent, and to the gazer’s eye untrue,

Thridding with sinuous lapse the rushes, through

Dwarf willows gliding, and by ferny brake.

Starts from a dizzy steep the undaunted Rill

Rob’d instantly in garb of snow-white foam;

10

And laughing dares the Adventurer, who hath clomb

So high, a rival purpose to fulfil;

  “The deer alluded to is the Leigh, a gigantic species long since extinct.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 351

Else let the Dastard backward wend, and roam,

Seeking less bold achievement, where he will!

V

Sole listener, Duddon! to the breeze that play’d

With thy clear voice, I caught the fitful sound

Wafted o’er sullen moss and craggy mound,

Unfruitful solitudes, that seem’d to upbraid

The sun in heaven!—but now, to form a shade

5

For Thee, green alders have together wound

Their foliage; ashes flung their arms around;

And birch-trees risen in silver colonnade.

And thou hast also tempted here to rise,

’Mid sheltering pines, this Cottage rude and grey;

10

Whose ruddy children, by the mother’s eyes

Carelessly watch’d, sport through the summer day,

Thy pleas’d associates:—light as endless May

On infant bosoms lonely Nature lies.

VI

Flowers

Ere yet our course was graced with social trees

It lacked not old remains of hawthorn bowers,

Where small birds warbled to their paramours;

And, earlier still, was heard the hum of bees;

I saw them ply their harmless robberies,

5

And caught the fragrance which the sundry flowers,

Fed by the stream with soft perpetual showers,

Plenteously yielded to the vagrant breeze.

There bloomed the strawberry of the wilderness;

The trembling eye-bright showed her sapphire blue,

10

The thyme her purple like the blush of even;

And, if the breath of some to no caress

Invited, forth they peeped so fair to view,

All kinds alike seemed favourites of Heaven.

  For WW’s note to ll. 0–, see the notes at the end of this volume.

352 The Poems of William Wordsworth

VII

“Change me, some God, into that breathing rose!”

The love-sick Stripling fancifully sighs,

The envied flower beholding, as it lies

On Laura’s breast, in exquisite repose;

Or he would pass into her Bird, that throws

5

The darts of song from out its wiry cage;

Enraptured,—could he for himself engage

The thousandth part of what the Nymph bestows,

And what the little careless Innocent

Ungraciously receives. Too daring choice!

10

There are whose calmer mind it would content

To be an unculled flow’ret of the glen,

Fearless of plough and scythe; or darkling wren,

That tunes on Duddon’s banks her slender voice.

VIII

What aspect bore the Man who roved or fled,

First of his tribe, to this dark dell—who first

In this pellucid Current slaked his thirst?

What hopes came with him? what designs were spread

Along his path? His unprotected bed

5

What dreams encompass’d? Was the Intruder nurs’d

In hideous usages, and rites accurs’d,

That thinned the living and disturbed the dead?

No voice replies;—the earth, the air is mute;

And Thou, blue Streamlet, murmuring yield’st no more

10

Than a soft record that whatever fruit

Of ignorance thou might’st witness heretofore,

Thy function was to heal and to restore,

To soothe and cleanse, not madden and pollute!

Ix

The Stepping-stones

The struggling Rill insensibly is grown

Into a Brook of loud and stately march,

Cross’d ever and anon by plank and arch;

And, for like use, lo! what might seem a zone

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 353

Chosen for ornament; stone match’d with stone

5

In studied symmetry, with interspace

For the clear waters to pursue their race

Without restraint.—How swiftly have they flown!

Succeeding—still succeeding! Here the Child

Puts, when the high-swoln Flood runs fierce and wild,

10

His budding courage to the proof;—and here

Declining Manhood learns to note the sly

And sure encroachments of infirmity,

Thinking how fast time runs, life’s end how near!

x

The Same Subject

Not so that Pair whose youthful spirits dance

With prompt emotion, urging them to pass;

A sweet confusion checks the Shepherd-lass;

Blushing she eyes the dizzy flood askance,—

To stop ashamed—too timid to advance;

5

She ventures once again—another pause!

His outstretch’d hand He tauntingly withdraws—

She sues for help with piteous utterance!

Chidden she chides again; the thrilling touch

Both feel when he renews the wish’d-for aid:

10

Ah! if their fluttering hearts should stir too much,

Should beat too strongly, both may be betrayed.

The frolic Loves who, from yon high rock, see

The struggle, clap their wings for victory!

xI

The Faëry Chasm

No fiction was it of the antique age:

A sky-blue stone, within this sunless cleft,

Is of the very foot-marks unbereft

Which tiny Elves impress’d;—on that smooth stage

Dancing with all their brilliant equipage

5

In secret revels—haply after theft

Of some sweet babe, flower stolen, and coarse weed left,

For the distracted mother to assuage

Her grief with, as she might!—But, where, oh where

354 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Is traceable a vestige of the notes

10

That ruled those dances, wild in character?

—Deep underground?—Or in the upper air,

On the shrill wind of midnight? or where floats

O’er twilight fields the autumnal gossamer?

xII

Hints for the Fancy

On, loitering Muse!—The swift Stream chides us—on!

Albeit his deep-worn channel doth immure

Objects immense, pourtray’d in miniature,

Wild shapes for many a strange comparison!

Niagaras, Alpine passes, and anon

5

Abodes of Naïads, calm abysses pure,

Bright liquid mansions, fashion’d to endure

When the broad Oak drops, a leafless skeleton,

And the solidities of mortal pride,

Palace and Tower, are crumbled into dust!

10

—The Bard who walks with Duddon for his guide,

Shall find such toys of Fancy thickly set:—

Turn from the sight, enamour’d Muse—we must;

Leave them—and, if thou canst, without regret!

xIII

Open Prospect

Hail to the fields—with Dwellings sprinkled o’er,

And one small Hamlet, under a green hill,

Cluster’d with barn and byer, and spouting mill!

A glance suffices,—should we wish for more,

Gay June would scorn us;—but when bleak winds roar

5

Through the stiff lance-like shoots of pollard ash,

Dread swell of sound! loud as the gusts that lash

The matted forests of Ontario’s shore

By wasteful steel unsmitten, then would I

Turn into port,—and, reckless of the gale,

10

Reckless of angry Duddon sweeping by,

While the warm hearth exalts the mantling ale,

Laugh with the generous household heartily,

At all the merry pranks of Donnerdale!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 355

xIV

O Mountain Stream! the Shepherd and his Cot

Are privileged Inmates of deep solitude;

Nor would the nicest Anchorite exclude

A field or two of brighter green, or plot

Of tillage-ground, that seemeth like a spot

5

Of stationary sunshine:—thou hast view’d

These only, Duddon! with their paths renew’d

By fits and starts, yet this contents thee not.

Thee hath some awful Spirit impelled to leave,

Utterly to desert, the haunts of men,

10

Though simple thy companions were and few;

And through this wilderness a passage cleave

Attended but by thy own voice, save when

The Clouds and Fowls of the air thy way pursue!

xV

From this deep chasm—where quivering sun-beams play

Upon its loftiest crags—mine eyes behold

A gloomy niche, capacious, blank, and cold;

A concave free from shrubs and mosses grey;

In semblance fresh, as if, with dire affray,

5

Some Statue, placed amid these regions old

For tutelary service, thence had rolled,

Startling the flight of timid Yesterday!

Was it by mortals sculptur’d?—weary slaves

Of slow endeavour! or abruptly cast

10

Into rude shape by fire, with roaring blast

Tempestuously let loose from central caves?

Or fashioned by the turbulence of waves,

Then, when o’er highest hills the Deluge past?

xVI

American Tradition

Such fruitless questions may not long beguile

Or plague the fancy, ’mid the sculptured shows

Conspicuous yet where Oroonoko flows;

There would the Indian answer with a smile

356 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Aim’d at the White Man’s ignorance, the while

5

Of the Great Waters telling, how they rose,

Covered the plains, and wandering where they chose,

Mounted through every intricate defile,

Triumphant.—Inundation wide and deep,

O’er which his Fathers urged, to ridge and steep

10

Else unapproachable, their buoyant way;

And carved, on mural cliff’s undreaded side,

Sun, moon, and stars, and beast of chase or prey;

Whate’er they sought, shunn’d, loved, or deified!

xVII

Return

A dark plume fetch me from yon blasted Yew

Perched on whose top the Danish Raven croaks;

Aloft, the imperial Bird of Rome invokes

Departed ages, shedding where he flew

Loose fragments of wild wailing that bestrew

5

The clouds, and thrill the chambers of the rocks,

And into silence hush the timorous flocks,

That slept so calmly while the nightly dew

Moisten’d each fleece, beneath the twinkling stars:

These couch’d ’mid that lone Camp on Hardknot’s height,

10

Whose Guardians bent the knee to Jove and Mars:

These near that mystic Round of Druid frame,

Tardily sinking by its proper weight

Deep into patient Earth, from whose smooth breast it came!

xVIII

Seathwaite Chapel

Sacred Religion, “mother of form and fear,”

Dread Arbitress of mutable respect,

New rites ordaining when the old are wreck’d,

  “See Humboldt’s Personal Narrative.” WW; he cites  A Personal Narrative of Travels to the Equinoctial Regions of the New Continent during the Years 1788–1804 (tr. H. M. Williams, 4 vols.; London, 89) by Alexander von Humboldt and Aimé Bonpland.

2  WW’s  lengthy  note  to  this  and  the  following  sonnet  is  reproduced  at  the  end  of  this volume.

3  For the literary allusions in this sonnet see Jackson,  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, pp. 06–07.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 357

Or cease to please the fickle worshipper;

If one strong wish may be embosomed here,

5

Mother of love! for this deep vale, protect

Truth’s holy lamp, pure source of bright effect,

Gifted to purge the vapoury atmosphere

That seeks to stifle it;—as in those days

When this low Pile a Gospel Teacher knew,

10

Whose good works formed an endless retinue:

Such Priest as Chaucer sang in fervent lays;

Such as the heaven-taught skill of Herbert drew;

And tender Goldsmith crown’d with deathless praise!

xIx

Tributary Stream

My frame hath often trembled with delight

When hope presented some far-distant good,

That seemed from heaven descending, like the flood

Of yon pure waters, from their aëry height,

Hurrying with lordly Duddon to unite;

5

Who, ’mid a world of images imprest

On the calm depth of his transparent breast,

Appears to cherish most that Torrent white,

The fairest, softest, liveliest of them all!

And seldom hath ear listen’d to a tune

10

More lulling than the busy hum of Noon,

Swoln by that voice—whose murmur musical

Announces to the thirsty fields a boon

Dewy and fresh, till showers again shall fall.

xx

The Plain of Donnerdale

The old inventive Poets, had they seen,

Or rather felt, the entrancement that detains

Thy waters, Duddon! ’mid these flow’ry plains,

The still repose, the liquid lapse serene,

Transferr’d to bowers imperishably green,

5

Had beautified Elysium! But these chains

Will soon be broken;—a rough course remains,

Rough as the past; where Thou, of placid mien,

358 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Innocuous as a firstling of a flock,

And countenanced like a soft cerulean sky,

10

Shalt change thy temper; and, with many a shock

Given and received in mutual jeopardy,

Dance like a Bacchanal from rock to rock,

Tossing her frantic thyrsus wide and high!

xxI

Whence that low voice?—A whisper from the heart,

That told of days long past when here I roved

With friends and kindred tenderly beloved;

Some who had early mandates to depart,

Yet are allowed to steal my path athwart

5

By Duddon’s side; once more do we unite,

Once more beneath the kind Earth’s tranquil light;

And smother’d joys into new being start.

From her unworthy seat, the cloudy stall

Of Time, breaks forth triumphant Memory;

10

Her glistening tresses bound, yet light and free

As golden locks of birch, that rise and fall

On gales that breathe too gently to recal

Aught of the fading year’s inclemency!

xxII

Tradition

A love-lorn Maid, at some far-distant time,

Came to this hidden pool, whose depths surpass

In crystal clearness Dian’s looking-glass;

And, gazing, saw that rose, which from the prime

Derives its name, reflected as the chime

5

Of echo doth reverberate some sweet sound:

The starry treasure from the blue profound

She long’d to ravish;—shall she plunge, or climb

The humid precipice, and seize the guest

Of April, smiling high in upper air?

10

Desperate alternative! what field could dare

To prompt the thought?—Upon the steep rock’s breast

The lonely Primrose yet renews its bloom,

Untouched memento of her hapless doom!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 359

xxIII

Sheep-washing

Sad thoughts, avaunt!—the fervour of the year,

Poured on the fleece-encumbered flock, invites

To laving currents, for prelusive rites

Duly performed before the Dales-men shear

Their panting charge. The distant Mountains hear,

5

Hear and repeat, the turmoil that unites

Clamour of boys with innocent despites

Of barking dogs, and bleatings from strange fear.

Meanwhile, if Duddon’s spotless breast receive

Unwelcome mixtures as the uncouth noise

10

Thickens, the pastoral River will forgive

Such wrong; nor need we blame the licensed joys

Though false to Nature’s quiet equipoise:

Frank are the sports, the stains are fugitive.

xxIV

The Resting-place

Mid-noon is past;—upon the sultry mead

No zephyr breathes, no cloud its shadow throws:

If we advance unstrengthen’d by repose,

Farewell the solace of the vagrant reed.

This Nook, with woodbine hung and straggling weed,

5

Tempting recess as ever pilgrim chose,

Half grot, half arbour, proffers to enclose

Body and mind, from molestation freed,

In narrow compass—narrow as itself:

Or if the Fancy, too industrious Elf,

10

Be loth that we should breathe awhile exempt

From new incitements friendly to our task,

There wants not stealthy prospect, that may tempt

Loose Idless to forego her wily mask.

xxV

Methinks ’twere no unprecedented feat

Should some benignant Minister of air

Lift, and encircle with a cloudy chair,

360 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The One for whom my heart shall ever beat

With tenderest love;—or, if a safer seat

5

Atween his downy wings be furnished, there

Would lodge her, and the cherish’d burden bear

O’er hill and valley to this dim retreat!

Rough ways my steps have trod; too rough and long

For her companionship; here dwells soft ease:

10

With sweets which she partakes not some distaste

Mingles, and lurking consciousness of wrong;

Languish the flowers; the waters seem to waste

Their vocal charm; their sparklings cease to please.

xxVI

Return, Content! for fondly I pursued,

Even when a child, the Streams—unheard, unseen;

Through tangled woods, impending rocks between;

Or, free as air, with flying inquest viewed

The sullen reservoirs whence their bold brood,

5

Pure as the morning, fretful, boisterous, keen,

Green as the salt-sea billows, white and green,

Poured down the hills, a choral multitude!

Nor have I tracked their course for scanty gains,

They taught me random cares and truant joys,

10

That shield from mischief and preserve from stains

Vague minds, while men are growing out of boys;

Maturer Fancy owes to their rough noise

Impetuous thoughts that brook not servile reins.

xxVII

Journey Renewed.

I rose while yet the cattle, heat-opprest,

Crowded together under rustling trees,

Brushed by the current of the water-breeze;

And for their sakes, and love of all that rest,

On Duddon’s margin, in the sheltering nest;

5

For all the startled scaly tribes that slink

Into his coverts, and each fearless link

Of dancing insects forged upon his breast;

For these, and hopes and recollections worn

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 361

Close to the vital seat of human clay;

10

Glad meetings—tender partings—that upstay

The drooping mind of absence, by vows sworn

In his pure presence near the trysting thorn;

I thanked the Leader of my onward way.

xxVIII

No record tells of lance opposed to lance,

Horse charging horse, ’mid these retired domains;

Nor that their turf drank purple from the veins

Of heroes fall’n, or struggling to advance,

Till doubtful combat issued in a trance

5

Of victory, that struck through heart and reins,

Even to the inmost seat of mortal pains,

And lightened o’er the pallid countenance.

Yet, to the loyal and the brave, who lie

In the blank earth, neglected and forlorn,

10

The passing Winds memorial tribute pay;

The Torrents chaunt their praise, inspiring scorn

Of power usurp’d,—with proclamation high,

And glad acknowledgment of lawful sway.

xxIx

Who swerves from innocence, who makes divorce

Of that serene companion—a good name,

Recovers not his loss; but walks with shame,

With doubt, with fear, and haply with remorse.

And oft-times he, who, yielding to the force

5

Of chance-temptation, ere his journey end,

From chosen comrade turns, or faithful friend,

In vain shall rue the broken intercourse.

Not so with such as loosely wear the chain

That binds them, pleasant River! to thy side:—

10

Through the rough copse wheel Thou with hasty stride,

I choose to saunter o’er the grassy plain,

Sure, when the separation has been tried,

That we, who part in love, shall meet again.

362 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xxx

The Kirk of Ulpha to the Pilgrim’s eye

Is welcome as a Star, that doth present

Its shining forehead through the peaceful rent

Of a black cloud diffused o’er half the sky;

Or as a fruitful palm-tree towering high

5

O’er the parched waste beside an Arab’s tent;

Or the Indian tree whose branches, downward bent,

Take root again, a boundless canopy.

How sweet were leisure! could it yield no more

Than ’mid that wave-washed Church-yard to recline,

10

From pastoral graves extracting thoughts divine;

Or there to pace, and mark the summits hoar

Of distant moon-lit mountains faintly shine,

Sooth’d by the unseen River’s gentle roar.

xxxI

Not hurled precipitous from steep to steep;

Lingering no more ’mid flower-enamelled lands

And blooming thickets; nor by rocky bands

Held;—but in radiant progress tow’rd the Deep

Where mightiest rivers into powerless sleep

5

Sink, and forget their nature;— now expands

Majestic Duddon, over smooth flat sands,

Gliding in silence with unfettered sweep!

Beneath an ampler sky a region wide

Is opened round him;—hamlets, towers, and towns,

10

And blue-topp’d hills, behold him from afar;

In stately mien to sovereign Thames allied,

Spreading his bosom under Kentish downs,

With Commerce freighted or triumphant War.

xxxII

But here no cannon thunders to the gale;

Upon the wave no haughty pendants cast

A crimson splendour; lowly is the mast

That rises here, and humbly spread the sail;

While less disturbed than in the narrow Vale

5

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 363

Through which with strange vicissitudes he pass’d,

The Wanderer seeks that receptacle vast

Where all his unambitious functions fail.

And may thy Poet, cloud-born Stream! be free,

The sweets of earth contentedly resigned,

10

And each tumultuous working left behind

At seemly distance, to advance like Thee,

Prepared, in peace of heart, in calm of mind

And soul, to mingle with Eternity!

xxxIII

Conclusion.

I thought of Thee, my partner and my guide,

As being past away.—Vain sympathies!

For, backward, Duddon! as I cast my eyes,

I see what was, and is, and will abide;

Still glides the Stream, and shall for ever glide;

5

The Form remains, the Function never dies;

While we, the brave, the mighty, and the wise,

We Men, who in our morn of youth defied

The elements, must vanish;—be it so!

Enough, if something from our hands have power

10

To live, and act, and serve the future hour;

And if, as tow’rd the silent tomb we go,

Thro’ love, thro’ hope, and faith’s transcendant dower,

We feel that we are greater than we know.

[Poems not included in series as first published]

To the Rev. Dr. W——

(with the sonnets to the river duddon, and other

poems in this collection)

The Minstrels played their Christmas tune

To-night beneath my cottage eaves;

While, smitten by a lofty moon,

  “ ‘And feel that I am happier than I know.’—Milton.

The  allusion  to  the  Greek  Poet  will  be  obvious  to  the  classical  reader.”  WW  cites Paradise Lost, VIII, l. 282.

For WW’s “Postscript” to  The River Duddon see the notes at the end of this volume.

364 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The encircling Laurels, thick with leaves,

Gave back a rich and dazzling sheen,

5

That overpowered their natural green.

Through hill and valley every breeze

Had sunk to rest with folded wings;

Keen was the air, but could not freeze

Nor check the music of the strings;

10

So stout and hardy were the band

That scrap’d the chords with strenuous hand.

And who but listen’d?—till was paid

Respect to every Inmate’s claim;

The greeting given, the music played

15

In honour of each household name,

Duly pronounc’d with lusty call,

And “merry Christmas” wish’d to all!

O Brother! I revere the choice

That took thee from thy native hills;

20

And it is given thee to rejoice:

Though public care full often tills

(Heaven only witness of the toil)

A barren and ungrateful soil.

Yet, would that Thou, with me and mine,

25

Hadst heard this never-failing rite;

And seen on other faces shine

A true revival of the light;

Which Nature, and these rustic Powers,

In simple childhood, spread through ours!

30

For pleasure hath not ceased to wait

On these expected annual rounds,

Whether the rich man’s sumptuous gate

Call forth the unelaborate sounds,

Or they are offered at the door

35

That guards the lowliest of the poor.

How touching, when, at midnight, sweep

Snow-muffled winds, and all is dark,

To hear—and sink again to sleep!

Or, at an earlier call, to mark,

40

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 365

By blazing fire, the still suspense

Of self-complacent innocence;

The mutual nod,—the grave disguise

Of hearts with gladness brimming o’er;

And some unbidden tears that rise

45

For names once heard, and heard no more;

Tears brighten’d by the serenade

For infant in the cradle laid!

Ah! not for emerald fields alone,

With ambient streams more pure and bright

50

Than fabled Cytherea’s zone

Glittering before the Thunderer’s sight,

Is to my heart of hearts endeared,

The ground where we were born and rear’d!

Hail, ancient Manners! sure defence,

55

Where they survive, of wholesome laws;

Remnants of love whose modest sense

Thus into narrow room withdraws;

Hail, Usages of pristine mould,

And ye, that guard them, Mountains old!

60

Bear with me, Brother! quench the thought

That slights this passion, or condemns;

If thee fond Fancy ever brought

From the proud margin of the Thames,

And Lambeth’s venerable towers,

65

To humbler streams, and greener bowers.

Yes, they can make, who fail to find,

Short leisure even in busiest days;

Moments—to cast a look behind,

And profit by those kindly rays

70

That through the clouds do sometimes steal,

And all the far-off past reveal.

Hence, while the imperial City’s din

Beats frequent on thy satiate ear,

A pleas’d attention I may win

75

To agitations less severe,

That neither overwhelm nor cloy,

366 The Poems of William Wordsworth

But fill the hollow vale with joy!

Written upon a Blank Leaf in “The Complete Angler.”

While flowing Rivers yield a blameless sport,

Shall live the name of Walton;—Sage benign!

Whose pen, the mysteries of the rod and line

Unfolding, did not fruitlessly exhort

To reverent watching of each still report

5

That Nature utters from her rural shrine.—

O nobly versed in simple discipline,

Meek, thankful soul, the vernal day how short

To thy lov’d pastime given by sedgy Lee,

Or down the tempting maze of Shawford brook!

10

Fairer than life itself, in thy sweet Book,

The cowslip bank and shady willow-tree,

And the fresh meads; where flow’d, from every nook

Of thy full bosom, gladsome Piety!

The Wild Duck’s Nest.

The Imperial Consort of the Fairy King

Owns not a sylvan bower; or gorgeous cell

With emerald floor’d, and with purpureal shell

Ceiling’d and roof’d; that is so fair a thing

As this low structure—for the tasks of Spring

5

Prepared by one who loves the buoyant swell

Of the brisk waves, yet here consents to dwell;

And spreads in stedfast peace her brooding wing.

Words cannot paint the o’ershadowing yew-tree bough,

And dimly-gleaming Nest,—a hollow crown

10

Of golden leaves inlaid with silver down,

Fine as the Mother’s softest plumes allow:

I gaze—and almost wish to lay aside

Humanity, weak slave of cumbrous pride!

“Fallen, and diffus’d into a shapeless heap”

Fallen, and diffus’d into a shapeless heap,

Or quietly self-buried in earth’s mold,

Is that embattled House, whose massy Keep

Flung from yon cliff a shadow large and cold.—

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 367

There dwelt the gay, the bountiful, the bold,

5

Till nightly lamentations, like the sweep

Of winds—when winds were silent, struck a deep

And lasting terror through that ancient Hold.

Its line of Warriors fled;—they shrunk when tried

By ghostly power:—but Time’s unsparing hand

10

Hath pluck’d such foes, like weeds, from out the land;

And now, if men with men in peace abide,

All other strength the weakest may withstand,

All worse assaults may safely be defied.

368

Ecclesiastical Sketches (1822)

Ecclesiastical Sketches

Part I

from the introduction of christianity into britain,

to the consummation of the papal dominion

I. Introduction

I, who descended with glad step to chase

Cerulean Duddon from his cloud-fed spring,

And of my wild Companion dared to sing,

In verse that moved with strictly-measured pace;

I, who essayed the nobler Stream to trace

5

Of Liberty, and smote the plausive string

Till the checked Torrent, fiercely combating,

In victory found her natural resting-place;

Now seek upon the heights of Time the source

Of a holy River, on whose banks are found

10

Sweet pastoral flowers, and laurels that have crowned

Full oft the unworthy brow of lawless force;

Where, for delight of him who tracks its course,

Immortal amaranth and palms abound.

II. Conjectures

If there be Prophets on whose spirits rest

Past things, revealed like future, they can tell

What Powers, presiding o’er the sacred Well

Of Christian Faith, this savage Island bless’d

With its first bounty. Wandering through the West,

5

Did holy Paul a while in Britain dwell,

1 WW’s notes all appeared in the first edition of the poem in 1822. For the sources of the

reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, 1820–

1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 27–36, and 235–282. For WW’s “Advertisement”

see the notes at the end of this volume.

2 “Stillingfleet adduces many arguments in support of this opinion, but they are unconvincing.

The latter part of this Sonnet alludes to a favourite notion of Catholic Writers, that Joseph

of Arimathea and his Companions brought Christianity into Britain, and built a rude Church

at Glastonbury alluded to hereafter in the passage upon the dissolution of Monasteries.”

WW’s many references to the works of historians, naturalists, and other scholars through-

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 369

And call the Fountain forth by miracle,

And with dread signs the nascent Stream invest?

Or He, whose bonds dropp’d off, whose prison doors

Flew open, by an Angel’s voice unbarred?

10

Or some, of humbler name, to these wild shores

Storm-driven, who having seen the cup of woe

Pass from their Master, sojourned here to guard

The precious current they had taught to flow?

III. Trepidation of the Druids

Screams round the Arch-druid’s brow the Seamew—white

As Menai’s foam; and towards the mystic ring

Where Augurs stand, the future questioning,

Slowly the Cormorant aims her heavy flight,

Portending ruin to each baleful rite,

5

That, in the lapse of seasons, hath crept o’er

Diluvian truths, and patriarchal lore:

Haughty the Bard;—can these meek doctrines blight

His transports? wither his heroic strains?

But all shall be fulfilled;—the Julian spear

10

A way first open’d; and, with Roman chains,

The tidings come of Jesus crucified;

They come—they spread—the weak, the suffering, hear;

Receive the faith, and in the hope abide.

IV. Druidical Excommunication

Mercy and Love have met thee on thy road,

Thou wretched Outcast, from the gift of fire

And food cut off by sacerdotal ire,

From every sympathy that Man bestowed!

Yet shall it claim our reverence, that to God,

5

Ancient of days! that to the eternal Sire

These jealous Ministers of Law aspire,

As to the one sole fount whence Wisdom flowed,

out  Ecclesiastical Sketches reflect his wide reading in preparation for composing it, as he himself explaines in his note to  Saxon Conquest (I.i), below. For information on these sources, consult the edition by Geoffrey Jackson cited above.

  “This water-fowl was, among the Druids, an emblem of those traditions connected with the

deluge that made an important part of their mysteries. The Cormorant was a bird of bad

omen.” WW

370 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Justice, and Order. Tremblingly escaped,

As if with prescience of the coming storm,

10

That intimation when the stars were shaped;

And yon thick woods maintain the primal truth,

Debased by many a superstitious form,

That fills the Soul with unavailing ruth.

V. Uncertainty

Darkness surrounds us; seeking, we are lost

On Snowdon’s wilds, amid Brigantian coves,

Or where the solitary Shepherd roves

Along the Plain of Sarum, by the Ghost

Of silently departed ages crossed;

5

And where the boatman of the Western Isles

Slackens his course—to mark those holy piles

Which yet survive on bleak Iona’s coast.

Nor these, nor monuments of eldest name,

Nor Taliesin’s unforgotten lays,

10

Nor Characters of Greek or Roman fame,

To an unquestionable Source have led;

Enough—if eyes that sought the fountain-head,

In vain, upon the growing Rill may gaze.

VI. Persecution

Lament! for Dioclesian’s fiery sword

Works busy as the lightning; but instinct

With malice ne’er to deadliest weapon linked,

Which God’s ethereal storehouses afford:

Against the Followers of the incarnate Lord

5

It rages;—some are smitten in the field—

Some pierced beneath the unavailing shield

Of sacred home;—with pomp are others gor’d

And dreadful respite. Thus was Alban tried,

England’s first Martyr! whom no threats could shake;

10

Self-offered Victim, for his friend he died,

And for the faith—nor shall his name forsake

That Hill, whose flowery platform seems to rise

  “ ‘This hill at St. Alban’s must have been an object of great interest to the imagination of the venerable Bede, who thus describes it with a delicate feeling delightful to meet with in

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 371

By Nature decked for holiest sacrifice.

VII. Recovery

As, when a storm hath ceased, the birds regain

Their cheerfulness, and busily retrim

Their nests, or chaunt a gratulating hymn

To the blue ether and bespangled plain;

Even so, in many a re-constructed fane,

5

Have the Survivors of this Storm renewed

Their holy rites with vocal gratitude;

And solemn ceremonials they ordain

To celebrate their great deliverance;

Most feelingly instructed ’mid their fear,

10

That persecution, blind with rage extreme,

May not the less, thro’ Heaven’s mild countenance,

Even in her own despite, both feed and cheer;

For all things are less dreadful than they seem.

VIII. Temptations from Roman Refinements

Watch, and be firm! for soul-subduing vice,

Heart-killing luxury, on your steps await.

Fair houses, baths, and banquets delicate,

And temples flashing, bright as polar ice,

Their radiance through the woods, may yet suffice

5

To sap your hardy virtue, and abate

Your love of him upon whose forehead sate

The crown of thorns; whose life-blood flowed, the price

Of your redemption. Shun the insidious arts

That Rome provides, less dreading from her frown

10

Than from her wily praise, her peaceful gown,

Language, and letters;—these, tho’ fondly viewed

As humanizing graces, are but parts

And instruments of deadliest servitude!

that rude age, traces of which are frequent in his works: “Variis herbarum floribus depic-

tus imò usquequaque vestitus in quo nihil repentè arduum nihil præceps, nihil abruptum,

quem  lateribus  longè  latèque  deductum  in  modum  æquoris  natura  complanat,  dignum

videlicet eum pro insita sibi specie venustatis jam olim reddens, qui beati martyris cruore

dicaretur.’ ” WW

372 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Ix. Dissensions

That heresies should strike (if truth be scanned

Presumptuously) their roots both wide and deep,

Is natural as dreams to feverish sleep.

Lo! Discord at the Altar dares to stand,

Lifting towards high Heaven her fiery brand,

5

A cherished Priestess of the new baptized!

But chastisement shall follow peace despised.

The Pictish cloud darkens the enervate land

By Rome abandoned; vain are suppliant cries,

And prayers that would undo her forced farewell,

10

For she returns not.—Awed by her own knell,

She casts the Britons upon strange Allies,

Soon to become more dreaded enemies,

Than heartless misery called them to repel.

x. Struggle of the Britons against the Barbarians

Rise!—they have risen: of brave Aneurin ask

How they have scourged old foes, perfidious friends:

The spirit of Caractacus defends

The Patriots, animates their glorious task:—

Amazement runs before the towering casque

5

Of Arthur, bearing thro’ the stormy field

The Virgin sculptured on his Christian shield:—

Stretched in the sunny light of victory bask

The Host that followed Urien as he strode

O’er heaps of slain;—from Cambrian wood and moss

10

Druids descend, auxiliars of the Cross;

Bards, nursed on blue Plinlimmon’s still abode,

Rush on the fight, to harps preferring swords,

And everlasting deeds to burning words!

xI. Saxon Conquest

Nor wants the cause the panic-striking aid

Of hallelujahs tossed from hill to hill—

For instant victory. But Heaven’s high will

Permits a second and a darker shade

  “Alluding to the victory gained under Germanus.—See Bede.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 373

Of Pagan night. Afflicted and dismayed,

5

The Relics of the sword flee to the mountains:

O wretched Land, whose tears have flowed like fountains!

Whose arts and honours in the dust are laid,

By men yet scarcely conscious of a care

For other monuments than those of Earth;

10

Intent, as fields and woods have given them birth,

To build their savage fortunes only there;

Witness the foss, the barrow, and the girth

Of many a long-drawn rampart, green and bare!

xII. Monastery of Old Bangor

The oppression of the tumult—wrath and scorn—

The tribulation—and the gleaming blades—

Such is the impetuous spirit that pervades

The song of Taliesin;—Ours shall mourn

The unarmed Host who by their prayers would turn

5

The sword from Bangor’s walls, and guard the store

Of Aboriginal and Roman lore,

And Christian monuments, that now must burn

To senseless ashes. Mark! how all things swerve

From their known course, or pass away like steam;

10

Another language spreads from coast to coast;

1 “The last six lines of this Sonnet are chiefly from the prose of Daniel; and here I will state (though to the Readers whom this Poem will chiefly interest it is unnecessary), that my

obligations to other Prose Writers are frequent,—obligations, which even if I had not a

pleasure in courting, it would have been presumptuous to shun, in treating an historical

subject. I must, however, particularize Fuller, to whom I am indebted in the Sonnet upon

Wicliffe and in other instances. And upon the Acquittal of the Seven Bishops I have done

little more than versify a lively description of that Event in the Memoirs of the first Lord

Lonsdale.” WW

2  “ ‘Ethelforth reached the Convent of Bangor, he perceived the Monks, twelve hundred in





number, offering prayers for the success of their Countrymen: ‘if they are praying against

us;’ he exclaimed, ‘they are fighting against us,’ and he ordered them to be first attacked:

they were destroyed; and appalled by their fate, the courage of Brocmail wavered, and he

fled from the field in dismay. Thus abandoned by their leader, his army soon gave way, and

Ethelforth obtained a decisive conquest. Ancient Bangor itself soon fell into his hands and

was demolished; the noble monastery was levelled to the ground; its library, which is men-

tioned as a large one, the collection of ages, the repository of the most precious monuments

of the ancient Britons, was consumed; half-ruined walls, gates, and rubbish, were all that

remained of the magnificent edifice.’—See Turner’s valuable History of the Anglo-Saxons.

  The  account  Bede  gives  of  this  remarkable  event,  suggests  a  most  striking  warning against National and Religious prejudices.” WW

3  “Taliesin was present at the battle which preceded this desolation.” WW

374 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Only perchance some melancholy Stream

And some indignant Hills old names preserve,

When laws, and creeds, and people, all are lost!

xIII. Casual Incitement

A bright-haired company of youthful Slaves,

Beautiful Strangers, stand within the pale

Of a sad market, ranged for public sale,

Where Tiber’s stream the glorious City laves:

Angli by name; and not an Angel waves

5

His wing who seemeth lovelier in Heaven’s eye

Than they appear to holy Gregory,

Who, having learnt that name, salvation craves

For Them, and for their Land. The earnest Sire,

His questions urging, feels in slender ties

10

Of chiming sound commanding sympathies;

De-irians—he would save them from God’s ire;

Subjects of Saxon Ælla—they shall sing

Sweet Hallelujahs to the eternal King!

xIV. Glad Tidings

For ever hallowed be this morning fair,

Blest be the unconscious shore on which ye tread,

And blest the silver Cross, which ye, instead

Of martial banner, in procession bear;

The Cross preceding Him who floats in air,

5

The pictured Saviour!—By Augustin led

They come—and onward travel without dread,

Chaunting in barbarous ears a tuneful prayer,

Sung for themselves, and those whom they would free!

Rich conquest waits them:—the tempestuous sea

10

Of Ignorance, that ran so rough and high,

And heeded not the voice of clashing swords,

These good men humble by a few bare words,

And calm with fear of God’s divinity.

xV. Paulinus

But, to remote Northumbria’s royal Hall,

Where thoughtful Edwin, tutored in the School

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 375

Of Sorrow, still maintains a Heathen rule,

Who comes with functions Apostolical?

Mark him, of shoulders curved, and stature tall,

5

Black hair, and vivid eye, and meagre cheek,

His prominent feature like an eagle’s beak;

A Man whose aspect doth at once appal,

And strike with reverence. The Monarch leans

Towards the Truths this Delegate propounds,—

10

Repeatedly his own deep mind he sounds

With careful hesitation,—then convenes

A synod of his Counsellors,—give ear,

And what a pensive Sage doth utter, hear!

xVI. Persuasion

“Man’s life is like a Sparrow, mighty King!

“That, stealing in while by the fire you sit

“Housed with rejoicing Friends, is seen to flit

“Safe from the storm, in comfort tarrying.

“Here did it enter—there, on hasty wing

5

“Flies out, and passes on from cold to cold;

“But whence it came we know not, nor behold

“Whither it goes. Even such that transient Thing,

“The Human Soul; not utterly unknown

“While in the Body lodged, her warm abode;

10

  “The person of Paulinus is thus described by Bede, from the memory of an eye-witness:

‘Longæ staturæ, paululum incurvus, nigro capillo, facie macilentâ, naso adunco, pertenui,

venerabilis simul et terribilis aspectu.’ ” WW; “Of tall stature, slightly stooping, with black hair, a lean face, a nose hooked and slender; and in his appearance boh venerable and

awe-inspiring.” (See Bede, II.xvi.)

2  “See the original of this speech in Bede.—The Conversion of Edwin as related by him is

highly  interesting—and  the  breaking  up  of  this  Council  accompanied  with  an  event  so striking and characteristic, that I am tempted to give it at length in a translation. ‘Who,

exclaimed the King, when the Council was ended, shall first desecrate the Altars and the

Temples? I, answered the Chief Priest, for who more fit than myself, through the wisdom

which the true God hath given me to destroy, for the good example of others, what in fool-

ishness I worshipped. Immediately, casting away vain superstition, he besought the King

to grant him, what the laws did not allow to a priest, arms and a courser; which mount-

ing, and furnished with a sword and lance, he proceeded to destroy the Idols. The crowd,

seeing  this,  thought  him  mad—he  however  halted  not,  but,  approaching,  he  profaned

the Temple, casting against it the lance which he had held in his hand, and, exulting in

acknowledgment of the worship of the true God, he ordered his companions to pull down

the Temple, with all its enclosures. The place is shown where those idols formerly stood,

not far from York, at the source of the river Derwent, and is at this day called Gormund

Gaham.’ ” WW

376 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“But from what world She came, what woe or weal

“On her departure waits, no tongue hath shewn;

“This mystery if the Stranger can reveal,

“His be a welcome cordially bestowed!”

xVII. Conversion

Prompt transformation works the novel lore;

The Council closed, the Priest in full career

Rides forth, an armed Man, and hurls a spear

To desecrate the Fane which heretofore

He served in folly.—Woden falls—and Thor

5

Is overturned; the Mace, in battle heaved

(So might they dream) till Victory was achieved,

Drops—and the God himself is seen no more.

Temple and Altar sink—to hide their shame

Amid oblivious weeds. “O come to me

10

Ye heavy laden!” such the inviting voice

Heard near fresh streams,—and thousands, who rejoice

In the new Rite—the pledge of sanctity,

Shall, by regenerate life, the promise claim.

xVIII. Apology

Nor scorn the aid which Fancy oft doth lend

The soul’s eternal interests to promote:

Death, darkness, danger, are our natural lot;

And evil Spirits may our walk attend

For aught the wisest know or comprehend;

5

Then let the good be free to breathe a note

Of elevation—let their odours float

Around these Converts, and their glories blend,

Outshining nightly tapers, or the blaze

Of the noon-day. Nor doubt that golden cords

10

Of good works, mingling with the visions, raise

The soul to purer worlds: and who the line

Shall draw, the limits of the power define,

That even imperfect faith to Man affords?

  “The early propagators of Christianity were accustomed to preach near rivers for the con-

venience of baptism.” WW.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 377

xIx. Primitive Saxon Clergy

How beautiful your presence, how benign,

Servants of God! who not a thought will share

With the vain world; who, outwardly as bare

As winter trees, yield no fallacious sign

That the firm soul is clothed with fruit divine!

5

Such Priest, when service worthy of his care

Has called him forth to breathe the common air,

Might seem a saintly Image from its shrine

Descended; happy are the eyes that meet

The Apparition; evil thoughts are stayed

At his approach, and low-bowed necks entreat

10

A benediction from his voice or hand;

Whence grace, thro’ which the heart can understand,

And vows, that bind the will, in silence made.

XX. Other Influences

Ah, when the Frame, round which in love we clung,

Is chilled by death, does mutual service fail?

Is tender pity then of no avail?

Are intercessions of the fervent tongue

A waste of hope?—From this sad source have sprung

5

Rites that console the spirit, under grief

Which ill can brook more rational relief;

Hence, prayers are shaped amiss, and dirges sung

For those whose doom is fix’d! The way is smooth

For Power that travels with the human heart:—

10

Confession ministers, the pang to soothe

In him who at the ghost of guilt doth start.

Ye holy Men, so earnest in your care,

  “Having  spoken  of  the  zeal,  disinterestedness,  and  temperance  of  the  clergy  of  those times,  Bede  thus  proceeds:  ‘Unde  et  in  magna  erat  veneratione  tempore  illo  religionis habitus, ita ut ubicunque clericus aliquis, aut monachus adveniret, gaudenter ab omnibus

tanquam Dei famulus exciperetur. Etiam si in itinere pergens inveniretur, accurrebant, et

flexâ cervice, vel manu signari, vel ore illius se benedici, gaudebant. Verbis quoque horum

exhortatoriis diligenter auditum præbebant.’ Lib. iii. cap. 26.” WW. “Therefore, the religious garb was greatly revered at that time, so that wherever some priest or monk arrived, he

was received joyfully by everyone as a servant of God. And if he was discovered proceed-

ing on his way, they would run up to him and, with necks bowed rejoiced to receive the sign

[of the cross] from his hand or to be blessed by his mouth. Also, the exhortations of these

men were listened to attentively.”

378 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of your own mighty instruments beware!

xxI. Seclusion

Lance, shield, and sword relinquished—at his side

A Bead-roll, in his hand a clasped Book,

Or staff more harmless than a Shepherd’s crook,

The war-worn Chieftain quits the world—to hide

His thin autumnal locks where Monks abide

5

In cloistered privacy. But not to dwell

In soft repose he comes. Within his cell,

Round the decaying trunk of human pride,

At morn, and eve, and midnight’s silent hour,

Do penitential cogitations cling:

Like ivy, round some ancient elm, they twine

10

In grisly folds and strictures serpentine;

Yet, while they strangle without mercy, bring

For recompense their own perennial bower.

xxII. Continued

Methinks that to some vacant Hermitage

My feet would rather turn—to some dry nook

Scoop’d out of living rock, and near a brook

Hurl’d down a mountain-cove from stage to stage,

Yet tempering, for my sight, its bustling rage

5

In the soft heaven of a translucent pool;

Thence creeping under forest arches cool,

Fit haunt of shapes whose glorious equipage

Perchance would throng my dreams. A beechen bowl,

A maple dish, my furniture should be;

10

Crisp, yellow leaves my bed; the hooting Owl

My night-watch: nor should e’er the crested Fowl

From thorp or vill his matins sound for me,

Tired of the world and all its industry.

xxIII. Reproof

But what if One, thro’ grove or flowery mead,

Indulging thus at will the creeping feet

Of a voluptuous indolence, should meet

The hovering Shade of venerable Bede;

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 379

The Saint, the Scholar, from a circle freed

5

Of toil stupendous, in a hallowed seat

Of Learning, where he heard the billows beat

On a wild coast—rough monitors to feed

Perpetual industry. Sublime Recluse!

The recreant soul, that dares to shun the debt

10

Imposed on human kind, must first forget

Thy diligence, thy unrelaxing use

Of a long life; and, in the hour of death,

The last dear service of thy passing breath!

xxIV. Saxon Monasteries, and Lights and Shades

of the Religion

By such examples moved to unbought pains,

The people work like congregated bees;

Eager to build the quiet Fortresses

Where Piety, as they believe, obtains

From Heaven a general blessing; timely rains

5

Or needful sunshine; prosperous enterprize,

And peace, and equity.—Bold faith! yet rise

The sacred Towers for universal gains.

The Sensual think with reverence of the palms

Which the chaste Votaries seek, beyond the grave;

10

If penance be redeemable, thence alms

Flow to the Poor, and freedom to the Slave;

And, if full oft the Sanctuary save

Lives black with guilt, ferocity it calms.

xxV. Missions and Travels

Not sedentary all: there are who roam

To scatter seeds of Life on barbarous shores;

Or quit with zealous step their knee-worn floors

To seek the general Mart of Christendom;

Whence they, like richly laden Merchants, come

5

To their beloved Cells:—or shall we say

That, like the Red-cross Knight, they urge their way,

  “He expired in the act of concluding a translation of St. John’s Gospel.” WW

2  “See in Turner’s History, vol. iii. p. 528, the account of the erection of Ramsey Monastery.

Penances were removable by the performances of acts of charity and benevolence.” WW.

WW cites Sharon Turner,  History of the Anglo-Saxons (3d ed., 3 vols.; London, 820).

380 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To lead in memorable triumph home

Truth—their immortal Una? Babylon,

Learned and wise, hath perished utterly,

10

Nor leaves her speech wherewith to clothe a sigh

That would lament her;—Memphis, Tyre, are gone

With all their Arts—while classic Lore glides on

By these Religious saved for all posterity.

xxVI. Alfred

Behold a Pupil of the Monkish gown,

The pious Alfred, King to Justice dear;

Lord of the harp and liberating spear;

Mirror of Princes! Indigent Renown

Might range the starry ether for a crown

5

Equal to his deserts, who, like the year,

Pours forth his bounty, like the day doth cheer,

And awes like night with mercy-tempered frown.

Ease from this noble Miser of his time

No moment steals; pain narrows not his cares.

10

Though small his kingdom as a spark or gem,

Of Alfred boasts remote Jerusalem,

And Christian India gifts with Alfred shares

By sacred converse link’d with India’s clime.

xxVII. His Descendants

Can aught survive to linger in the veins

Of kindred bodies—an essential power

That may not vanish in one fatal hour,

And wholly cast away terrestrial chains?

The race of Alfred covets glorious pains

5

When dangers threaten—dangers ever new!

Black tempests bursting—blacker still in view!

But manly sovereignty its hold retains;

The root sincere—the branches bold to strive

With the fierce storm; meanwhile, within the round

10

Of their protection, gentle virtues thrive;

As oft, ’mid some green plot of open ground,

Wide as the oak extends its dewy gloom,

  “Through the whole of his life, Alfred was subject to grievous maladies.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 381

The fostered hyacinths spread their purple bloom.

XXVIII. Influence Abused

Urged by Ambition, who with subtlest skill

Changes her means,—the Enthusiast as a dupe

Shall soar, and as a hypocrite can stoop,

And turn the instruments of good to ill,

Moulding the credulous People to his will.

5

Such dunstan:—from its Benedictine coop

Issues the master Mind, at whose fell swoop

The chaste affections tremble to fulfil

Their purposes. Behold, pre-signified

The might of spiritual sway! his thoughts—his dreams

10

Do in the supernatural world abide:

So vaunt a throng of Followers, filled with pride

In shows of virtue pushed to its extremes,

And sorceries of talent misapplied.

xxIx. Danish Conquests

Woe to the Crown that doth the Cowl obey!

Dissension checks the arms that would restrain

The incessant Rovers of the Northern Main,

And widely spreads once more a Pagan sway;

But Gospel-Truth is potent to allay

5

Fierceness and rage; and soon the cruel Dane

Feels, thro’ the influence of her gentle reign,

His native superstitions melt away.

Thus, often, when thick gloom the east o’ershrouds,

The full-robed Moon, slow-climbing, doth appear

10

Silently to consume the heavy clouds;

How no one can resolve; but every eye

Around her sees, while air is hushed, a clear

And widening circuit of etherial sky.

xxx. Canute

A pleasant music floats along the Mere,

1 “The violent measures, carried on under the influence of Dunstan, for strengthening the

Benedictine Order, were a leading cause of the second series of Danish Invasions. See

Turner.” WW

382 The Poems of William Wordsworth

From Monks in Ely chaunting service high,

Whileas Canùte the King is rowing by:

“My Oarsmen,” quoth the mighty King, “draw near,

“That we the sweet song of the Monks may hear!”

5

He listen’d (all past conquests and all schemes

Of future vanishing like empty dreams)

Heart-touch’d, and haply not without a tear.

The Royal Minstrel, ere the choir was still,

While his free Barge skims the smooth flood along,

10

Gives to that rapture a memorial Rhyme.

O suffering Earth! be thankful; sternest clime

And rudest age are subject to the thrill

Of heaven-descended Piety and Song.

xxxI. The Norman Conquest

The woman-hearted Confessor prepares

The evanescence of the Saxon line.

Hark! ’tis the Curfew’s knell! the stars may shine;

But of the lights that cherish household cares

And festive gladness, burns not one that dares

5

To twinkle after that dull stroke of thine,

Emblem and instrument, from Thames to Tyne,

Of force that daunts, and cunning that ensnares!

Yet, as the terrors of the lordly bell,

That quench from hut to palace lamps and fires,

10

Touch not the tapers of the sacred quires,

Even so a thraldom studious to expel

Old laws, and ancient customs to derange,

Brings to Religion no injurious change.

xxxII. The Council of Clermont

“And shall,” the Pontiff asks, “profaneness flow

“From Nazareth—source of Christian Piety,

“From Bethlehem, from the Mounts of Agony

“And glorified Ascension? Warriors go,

“With prayers and blessings we your path will sow;

5

“Like Moses hold our hands erect, till ye

  “Which is still extant.” WW. The Latin “song” dates from the twelfth century and was often

translated into English.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 383

“Have chased far off by righteous victory

“These sons of Amalec, or laid them low!”

“god willeth it,” the whole assembly cry;

Shout which the enraptured multitude astounded.

10

The Council-roof and Clermont’s towers reply:

“God willeth it,” from hill to hill rebounded;

Sacred resolve, in countries far and nigh,

Through “Nature’s hollow arch,” that night, resounded!

xxxIII. Crusades

The Turban’d Race are poured in thickening swarms

Along the West; though driven from Aquitaine,

The Crescent glitters on the towers of Spain;

And soft Italia feels renewed alarms;

The scimitar, that yields not to the charms

5

Of ease, the narrow Bosphorus will disdain;

Nor long (that crossed) would Grecian hills detain

Their tents, and check the current of their arms.

Then blame not those who, by the mightiest lever

Known to the moral world, Imagination,

10

Upheave (so seems it) from her natural station

All Christendom:—they sweep along—(was never

So huge a host!)—to tear from the Unbeliever

The precious Tomb, their haven of salvation.

xxxIV. Richard I

Redoubted King, of courage leonine,

I mark thee, Richard! urgent to equip

Thy warlike person with the staff and scrip;

I watch thee sailing o’er the midland brine;

In conquered Cyprus see thy Bride decline

5

Her blushing cheek, Love’s vow upon her lip,

And see love-emblems streaming from thy ship,

As thence she holds her way to Palestine.

My Song (a fearless Homager) would attend

Thy thundering battle-axe as it cleaves the press

10

Of war, but duty summons her away

  “The decision of this council was believed to be instantly known in remote parts of Europe.”

WW

384 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To tell, how finding in the rash distress

Of those enthusiast powers a constant Friend,

Through giddier heights hath clomb the Papal sway.

xxxV. An Interdict

Realms quake by turns: proud Arbitress of grace,

The Church, by mandate shadowing forth the power

She arrogates o’er heaven’s eternal door,

Closes the gates of every sacred place;—

Straight from the sun and tainted air’s embrace

5

All sacred things are covered: cheerful morn

Grows sad as night—no seemly garb is worn,

Nor is a face allowed to meet a face

With natural smile of greeting.—Bells are dumb;

Ditches are graves—funereal rights denied;

10

And in the Church-yard he must take his Bride

Who dares be wedded! Fancies thickly come

Into the pensive heart ill fortified,

And comfortless despairs the soul benumb.

xxxVI. Papal Abuses

As with the stream our voyage we pursue

The gross materials of this world present

A marvellous study of wild accident;

Uncouth proximities of old and new;

And bold transfigurations, more untrue

5

(As might be deemed) to disciplined intent

Than aught the sky’s fantastic element,

When most fantastic, offers to the view.

Saw we not Henry scourged at Becket’s shrine?

Lo! John self-stripped of his insignia—crown,

10

Sceptre and mantle, sword and ring, laid down

At a proud Legate’s feet! The spears that line

Baronial Halls, the opprobrious insult feel;

And angry Ocean roars a vain appeal.

xxxVII. Scene in Venice

Black Demons hovering o’er his mitred head,

To Cæsar’s Successor the Pontiff spake;

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 385

“Ere I absolve thee, stoop! that on thy neck

“Levelled with Earth this foot of mine may tread.”

Then, he who to the Altar had been led,

5

He, whose strong arm the Orient could not check,

He, who had held the Soldan at his beck,

Stooped, of all glory disinherited,

And even the common dignity of man!

Amazement strikes the crowd;—while many turn

10

Their eyes away in sorrow, others burn

With scorn, invoking a vindictive ban

From outraged Nature; but the sense of most

In abject sympathy with power is lost.

xxxVIII. Papal Dominion

Unless to Peter’s Chair the viewless wind

Must come and ask permission when to blow,

What further empire would it have? for now

A ghostly Domination, unconfined

As that by dreaming Bards to Love assigned,

5

Sits there in sober truth—to raise the low—

Perplex the wise—the strong to overthrow—

Through earth and heaven to bind and to unbind!

Resist—the thunder quails thee!—crouch—rebuff

Shall be thy recompence! from land to land

10

The ancient thrones of Christendom are stuff

For occupation of a magic wand,

And ’tis the Pope that wields it,—whether rough

Or smooth his front, our world is in his hand!

Ecclesiastical Sketches.

Part II

to the close of the troubles in the reign of charles i

I. Cistertian Monastery

“Here Man more purely lives, less oft doth fall,

“More promptly rises, walks with nicer heed,

“More safely rests, dies happier, is freed

“Earlier from cleansing fires, and gains withal

386 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“A brighter crown.” —On yon Cistertian wall

5

That confident assurance may be read;

And, to like shelter, from the world have fled

Encreasing multitudes. The potent call

Doubtless shall cheat full oft the heart’s desires;

Yet, while the rugged age on pliant knee

10

Vows to rapt Fancy humble fealty,

A gentler life spreads round the holy spires;

Where’er they rise the sylvan waste retires,

And aëry harvests crown the fertile lea.

II. Monks, and Schoolmen

Record we too, with just and faithful pen,

That many hooded Cenobites there are,

Who in their private Cells have yet a care

Of public quiet: unambitious Men,

Counsellors for the world, of piercing ken;

5

Whose fervent exhortations from afar

Move Princes to their duty, peace or war;

And oft-times in the most forbidding den

Of solitude, with love of science strong,

How patiently the yoke of thought they bear!

10

How subtly glide its finest threads along!

Spirits that crowd the intellectual sphere

With mazy boundaries, as the Astronomer

With orb and cycle girds the starry throng.

III. Other Benefits

And not in vain embodied to the sight

Religion finds even in the stern Retreat

Of feudal Sway her own appropriate Seat;

From the Collegiate pomps on Windsor’s height,

Down to the humble Altar, which the Knight

5

And his Retainers of the embattled hall

Seek in domestic oratory small,

For prayer in stillness, or the chaunted rite;

  “ ‘Bonum est nos hic esse, quia homo vivit purius, cadit rarius, surgit velocius, incedit cau-tius,  quiescit  securius,  moritur  felicius,  purgatur  citius,  præmiatur  copiosius.’  Bernard.

‘This sentence,’ says Dr. Whitaker, ‘is usually inscribed on some conspicuous part of the

Cistertian houses.’ ” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 387

Then chiefly dear, when foes are planted round,

Who teach the intrepid guardians of the place,

10

Hourly exposed to death, with famine worn,

And suffering under many a doubtful wound,

How sad would be their durance, if forlorn

Of offices dispensing heavenly grace!

IV. Continued

And what melodious sounds at times prevail!

And, ever and anon, how bright a gleam

Pours on the surface of the turbid Stream!

What heartfelt fragrance mingles with the gale

That swells the bosom of our passing sail!

5

For where, but on this River’s margin, blow

Those flowers of Chivalry, to bind the brow

Of hardihood with wreaths that shall not fail?

Fair Court of Edward! wonder of the world!

I see a matchless blazonry unfurled

10

Of wisdom, magnanimity, and love;

And meekness tempering honourable pride;

The Lamb is couching by the Lion’s side,

And near the flame-eyed Eagle sits the Dove.

V. Crusaders

Nor can Imagination quit the shores

Of these bright scenes without a farewell glance

Given to those dream-like Issues—that Romance

Of many-coloured life which Fortune pours

Round the Crusaders, till on distant shores

5

Their labours end; or they return to lie,

The vow performed, in cross-legged effigy,

Devoutly stretched upon their chancel floors.

Am I deceived? Or is their Requiem chaunted

By voices never mute when Heaven unties

10

Her inmost, softest, tenderest harmonies;

Requiem which Earth takes up with voice undaunted,

When she would tell how Good, and Brave, and Wise,

For their high guerdon not in vain have panted!

388 The Poems of William Wordsworth

VI. Transubstantiation

Enough! for see, with dim association

The tapers burn; the odorous incense feeds

A greedy flame; the pompous mass proceeds;

The Priest bestows the appointed consecration;

And, while the Host is raised, its elevation

5

An awe and supernatural horror breeds,

And all the People bow their heads like reeds,

To a soft breeze, in lowly adoration.

This Valdo brook’d not. On the banks of Rhone

He taught, till persecution chased him thence,

10

To adore the Invisible, and Him alone.

Nor were his Followers loth to seek defence,

’Mid woods and wilds, on Nature’s craggy throne,

From rites that trample upon soul and sense.

VII. Waldenses

These who gave earliest notice, as the Lark

Springs from the ground the morn to gratulate;

Who rather rose the day to antedate,

By striking out a solitary spark,

When all the world with midnight gloom was dark—

5

These Harbingers of good, whom bitter hate

In vain endeavoured to exterminate,

Fell Obloquy pursues with hideous bark?

Meanwhile the unextinguishable fire,

Rekindled thus, from dens and savage woods

10

Moves, handed on with never-ceasing care,

Through Courts, through Camps, o’er limitary Floods;

Nor lacks this sea-girt Isle a timely share

  “The list of foul names bestowed upon those poor creatures is long and curious;—and, as

is, alas! too natural, most of the opprobrious appellations are drawn from circumstances

into which they were forced by their persecutors, who even consolidated their miseries into

one reproachful term, calling them Patarenians or Paturins, from pati, to suffer.

Dwellers with wolves she names them, for the Pine

And green Oak are their covert; as the gloom

Of night oft foils their Enemy’s design,

She calls them Riders on the flying broom;

Sorcerers, whose frame and aspect have become

One and the same through practices malign.” In his note WW quotes the sestet from

an earlier version of the sonnet.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 389

Of the new Flame, not suffered to expire.

VIII. Archbishop Chicheley to Henry V

“What Beast in wilderness or cultured field

“The lively beauty of the Leopard shews?

“What Flower in meadow-ground or garden grows

“That to the towering Lily doth not yield?

“Let both meet only on thy royal shield!

5

“Go forth, great King! claim what thy birth bestows;

“Conquer the Gallic Lily which thy foes

“Dare to usurp;—thou hast a sword to wield,

“And Heaven will crown the right.”—The mitred Sire

Thus spake—and lo! a Fleet, for Gaul addressed,

10

Ploughs her bold course across the wondering seas;

For, sooth to say, ambition, in the breast

Of youthful Heroes, is no sullen fire,

But one that leaps to meet the fanning breeze.

Ix. Wars of York and Lancaster

Thus is the storm abated by the craft

Of a shrewd Counsellor, eager to protect

The Church, whose power hath recently been check’d,

Whose monstrous riches threatened. So the shaft

Of victory mounts high, and blood is quaff’d

5

In fields that rival Cressy and Poictiers.

But mark the dire effect in coming years!

Deep, deep as hell itself, the future draught

Of civil slaughter. Yet, while Temporal power

Is by these shocks exhausted, Spiritual truth

10

Maintains the else endangered gift of life;

Proceeds from infancy to lusty youth;

And, under cover of that woeful strife,

Gathers unblighted strength from hour to hour.

x. Wicliffe

Once more the Church is seized with sudden fear,

And at her call is Wicliffe disinhumed:

Yea, his dry bones to ashes are consumed,

And flung into the brook that travels near;

390 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Forthwith, that ancient Voice which Streams can hear

5

Thus speaks, (that voice which walks upon the wind,

Though seldom heard by busy human kind,)

“As thou these ashes, little Brook! wilt bear

“Into the Avon, Avon to the tide

“Of Severn, Severn to the narrow seas,

10

“Into main Ocean they, this Deed accurst

“An emblem yields to friends and enemies

“How the bold Teacher’s Doctrine, sanctified

“By Truth, shall spread throughout the world dispersed.”

xI. Corruptions of the Higher Clergy

“Woe to you, Prelates! rioting in ease

“And cumbrous wealth—the shame of your estate;

“You on whose progress dazzling trains await

“Of pompous horses; whom vain titles please,

“Who will be served by others on their knees,

5

“Yet will yourselves to God no service pay;

“Pastors who neither take nor point the way

“To Heaven; for either lost in vanities

“Ye have no skill to teach, or if ye know

“And speak the word——” Alas! of fearful things

10

’Tis the most fearful when the People’s eye

Abuse hath cleared from vain imaginings;

And taught the general voice to prophesy

Of Justice armed, and Pride to be laid low.

xII. Abuse of Monastic Power

And what is Penance with her knotted thong,

Mortification with the shirt of hair,

Wan cheek, and knees indùrated with prayer,

Vigils, and fastings rigorous as long,

If cloistered Avarice scruple not to wrong

5

The pious, humble, useful Secular,

And robs the People of his daily care,

Scorning their wants because her arm is strong?

Inversion strange! that to a Monk, who lives

For self, and struggles with himself alone,

10

The amplest share of heavenly favour gives;

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 391

And hath allotted, in the world’s esteem,

To such a higher station than to him

Who on the good of others builds his own.

xIII. Monastic Voluptuousness

Yet more,—round many a Convent’s blazing fire

Unhallowed threads of revelry are spun;

There Venus sits disguisèd like a Nun,—

While Bacchus, clothed in semblance of a Friar,

Pours out his choicest beverage high and higher

5

Sparkling, until it cannot chuse but run

Over the bowl, whose silver lip hath won

An instant kiss of masterful desire—

To stay the precious waste. In every brain

Spreads the dominion of the sprightly juice,

10

Through the wide world to madding Fancy dear,

Till the arch’d roof, with resolute abuse

Of its grave echoes, swells a choral strain,

Whose votive burthen is—“our kingdom’s here!”

xIV. Dissolution of the Monasteries

Threats come which no submission may assuage;

No sacrifice avert, no power dispute;

The tapers shall be quenched, the belfries mute,

And, ’mid their choirs unroofed by selfish rage,

The warbling wren shall find a leafy cage;

5

The gadding bramble hang her purple fruit;

And the green lizard and the gilded newt

Lead unmolested lives, and die of age.

The Owl of evening, and the woodland Fox

For their abode the shrines of Waltham chuse:

10

Proud Glastonbury can no more refuse

To stoop her head before these desperate shocks—

  “These two lines are adopted from a MS. written about the year 770, which accidentally

fell into my possession. The close of the preceding Sonnet on monastic voluptuousness is

taken from the same source as is the verse, “Where Venus sits, &c.”

WW refers to ll. 3ff. (“There Venus sits . . . “) of  II.vii. Monastic Voluptuousness, above.

The manuscript poem has been identified as The Ruins of St. Mary’s Abby, near Dalton,

in Furness, Lancashire by William Robinson (See  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, p.

259).

392 The Poems of William Wordsworth

She whose high pomp displaced, as story tells,

Arimathean Joseph’s wattled cells.

xV. The Same Subject

The lovely Nun (submissive but more meek

Through saintly habit, than from effort due

To unrelenting mandates that pursue

With equal wrath the steps of strong and weak)

Goes forth—unveiling timidly her cheek

5

Suffused with blushes of celestial hue,

While through the Convent gate to open view

Softly she glides, another home to seek.

Not Iris, issuing from her cloudy shrine,

An Apparitition more divinely bright!

10

Not more attractive to the dazzled sight

Those wat’ry glories, on the stormy brine

Pour’d forth, while summer suns at distance shine,

And the green vales lie hush’d in sober light!

xVI. Continued

Yet some, Noviciates of the cloistral shade,

Or chained by vows, with undissembled glee

The warrant hail—exulting to be free;

Like ships before whose keels, full long embayed

In polar ice, propitious winds have made

5

Unlook’d-for outlet to an open sea,

Their liquid world, for bold discovery,

In all her quarters temptingly displayed!

Hope guides the young; but when the old must pass

The threshold, whither shall they turn to find

10

The hospitality—the alms (alas!

Alms may be needed) which that House bestowed?

Can they, in faith and worship, train the mind

To keep this new and questionable road?

xVII. Saints

Ye, too, must fly before a chasing hand,

Angels and Saints, in every hamlet mourned!

Ah! if the old idolatry be spurned,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 393

Let not your radiant Shapes desert the Land:

Her adoration was not your demand,

The fond heart proffered it—the servile heart;

5

And therefore are ye summoned to depart,

Michael, and thou St. George whose flaming brand

The Dragon quelled; and valiant Margaret

Whose rival sword a like Opponent slew:

10

And rapt Cecilia, seraph-haunted Queen

Of harmony; and weeping Magdalene,

Who in the penitential desart met

Gales sweet as those that over Eden blew!

xVIII. The Virgin

Mother! whose virgin bosom was uncrost

With the least shade of thought to sin allied;

Woman! above all women glorified,

Our tainted nature’s solitary boast;

Purer than foam on central Ocean tost;

5

Brighter than eastern skies at day-break strewn

With fancied roses, than the unblemished moon

Before her wane begins on heaven’s blue coast;

Thy Image falls to earth. Yet some, I ween,

Not unforgiven the suppliant knee might bend,

10

As to a visible Power, in which did blend

All that was mixed and reconciled in Thee

Of mother’s love with maiden purity,

Of high with low, celestial with terrene!

xIx. Apology

Not utterly unworthy to endure

Was the supremacy of crafty Rome;

Age after age to the arch of Christendom

Aërial keystone haughtily secure;

Supremacy from Heaven transmitted pure,

5

As many hold; and, therefore, to the tomb

Pass, some through fire—and by the scaffold some—

Like saintly Fisher, and unbending More.

“Lightly for both the bosom’s lord did sit

“Upon his throne;” unsoftened, undismayed

10

394 The Poems of William Wordsworth

By aught that mingled with the tragic scene

Of pity or fear; and More’s gay genius played

With the inoffensive sword of native wit,

Than the bare axe more luminous and keen.

xx. Imaginative Regrets

Deep is the lamentation! Not alone

From Sages justly honoured by mankind,

But from the ghostly Tenants of the wind,

Demons and Spirits, many a dolorous groan

Issues for that dominion overthrown:

5

Proud Tiber grieves, and far-off Ganges, blind

As his own worshippers;—and Nile, reclined

Upon his monstrous urn, the farewell moan

Renews.—Through every forest, cave, and den,

Where frauds were hatch’d of old, hath sorrow past—

10

Hangs o’er the Arabian Prophet’s native Waste

Where once his airy helpers schemed and planned,

’Mid phantom lakes bemocking thirsty men,

And stalking pillars built of fiery sand.

XXI. Reflections

Grant, that by this unsparing Hurricane

Green leaves with yellow mixed are torn away,

And goodly fruitage with the mother spray,

’Twere madness—wished we, therefore, to detain,

With farewell sighs of mollified disdain,

5

The “trumpery” that ascends in bare display,—

Bulls, pardons, relics, cowls black, white, and grey,

Upwhirl’d—and flying o’er the ethereal plain

Fast bound for Limbo Lake.—And yet not choice

But habit rules the unreflecting herd,

10

And airy bonds are hardest to disown;

Hence, with the spiritual soverereignty transferred

Unto itself, the Crown assumes a voice

Of reckless mastery, hitherto unknown.

xxII. Translation of the Bible

But, to outweigh all harm, the sacred Book,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 395

In dusty sequestration wrapp’d too long,

Assumes the accents of our native tongue;

And he who guides the plough, or wields the crook,

With understanding spirit now may look

5

Upon her records, listen to her song,

And sift her laws—much wondering that the wrong,

Which Faith has suffered, Heaven could calmly brook.

Transcendant Boon! noblest that earthly King

Ever bestowed to equalize and bless

10

Under the weight of mortal wretchedness!

But passions spread like plagues, and thousands wild

With bigotry shall tread the Offering

Beneath their feet—detested and defiled.

xxIII. Edward VI

“Sweet is the holiness of Youth”—so felt

Time-honoured Chaucer when he framed the lay

By which the Prioress beguiled the way,

And many a Pilgrim’s rugged heart did melt.

Hadst thou, loved Bard! whose spirit often dwelt

5

In the clear land of vision, but foreseen

King, Child, and Seraph, blended in the mien

Of pious Edward kneeling as he knelt

In meek and simple Infancy, what joy

For universal Christendom had thrilled

10

Thy heart! what hopes inspired thy genius, skilled

(O great Precursor, genuine morning star)

The lucid shafts of reason to employ,

Piercing the Papal darkness from afar!

xxIV. Edward Signing the Warrant for the

Execution of Joan of Kent

The tears of man in various measure gush

From various sources; gently overflow

From blissful transport some—from clefts of woe

Some with ungovernable impulse rush;

And some, coëval with the earliest blush

5

Of infant passion, scarcely dare to show

Their pearly lustre—coming but to go;

396 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And some break forth when others’ sorrows crush

The sympathizing heart. Nor these, nor yet

The noblest drops to admiration known,

10

To gratitude, to injuries forgiv’n,

Claim Heaven’s regard like waters that have wet

The innocent eyes of youthful monarchs driven

To pen the mandates, nature doth disown.

xxV. Cranmer

Outstretching flame-ward his upbraided hand

(O God of mercy, may no earthly Seat

Of judgment such presumptuous doom repeat!)

Amid the shuddering throng doth Cranmer stand;

Firm as the stake to which with iron band

5

His Frame is tied; firm from the naked feet

To the bare head, the victory complete;

The shrouded Body, to the Soul’s command,

Answering with more than Indian fortitude,

Through all her nerves with finer sense endued;

10

Now wrapt in flames—and now in smoke embowered—

Till self-reproach and panting aspirations

Are, with the heart that held them, all devoured;

The Spirit set free, and crown’d with joyful acclamations!

xxVI. General View of the Troubles of the

Reformation

Aid, glorious Martyrs, from your fields of light

Our mortal ken! Inspire a perfect trust

(While we look round) that Heaven’s decrees are just;

Which few can hold committed to a fight

That shews, ev’n on its better side, the might

5

Of proud Self-will, Rapacity, and Lust,

’Mid clouds envelop’d of polemic dust,

Which showers of blood seem rather to incite

Than to allay.—Anathemas are hurled

From both sides; veteran thunders (the brute test

10

Of Truth) are met by fulminations new—

Tartarean flags are caught at, and unfurled—

Friends strike at Friends—the flying shall pursue—

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 397

And Victory sickens, ignorant where to rest!

xxVII. English Reformers in Exile

Scattering, like Birds escaped the Fowler’s net,

Some seek with timely flight a foreign strand,

Most happy, re-assembled in a land

By dauntless Luther freed, could they forget

Their Country’s woes. But scarcely have they met,

5

Partners in faith, and Brothers in distress,

Free to pour forth their common thankfulness,

Ere hope declines; their union is beset

With prurient speculations rashly sown,

Whence thickly-sprouting growth of poisonous weeds;

10

Their forms are broken staves; their passions steeds

That master them. How enviably blest

Is he who can, by help of grace, enthrone

The peace of God within his single breast!

xxVIII. Elizabeth

Hail, Virgin Queen! o’er many an envious bar

Triumphant—snatched from many a treacherous wile!

All hail, Sage Lady, whom a grateful Isle

Hath blest, respiring from that dismal war

Stilled by thy voice! But quickly from afar

5

Defiance breathes with more malignant aim;

And alien storms with home-bred ferments claim

Portentous fellowship. Her silver car

Meanwhile, by prudence ruled, glides slowly on;

Unhurt by violence, from menaced taint

10

Emerging pure, and seemingly more bright!

For, wheresoe’er she moves, the clouds anon

Disperse; or—under a Divine constraint—

Reflect some portion of her glorious light!

xxIx. Eminent Reformers

Methinks that I could trip o’er heaviest soil,

Light as a buoyant Bark from wave to wave,

Were mine the trusty Staff that Jewel gave

To youthful Hooker, in familiar style

398 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The gift exalting, and with playful smile:

5

For, thus equipped, and bearing on his head

The Donor’s farewell blessing, could he dread

Tempest, or length of way, or weight of toil?

More sweet than odours caught by him who sails

Near spicy shores of Araby the blest,

10

A thousand times more exquisitely sweet,

The freight of holy feeling which we meet,

In thoughtful moments, wafted by the gales

From fields where good men walk, or bowers wherein they rest.

xxx. The Same

Holy and heavenly Spirits as they were,

Spotless in life, and eloquent as wise,

With what entire affection did they prize

Their new-born Church! labouring with earnest care

To baffle all that might her strength impair;

5

That Church—the unperverted Gospel’s seat;

In their afflictions a divine retreat;

Source of their liveliest hope, and tenderest prayer!

The Truth exploring with an equal mind,

In polity and discipline they sought

10

Firmly between the two extremes to steer;

But theirs the wise man’s ordinary lot,

To trace right courses for the stubborn blind,

And prophesy to ears that will not hear.

xxxI. Distractions

Men, who have ceased to reverence, soon defy

Their Forefathers;—lo! Sects are formed—and split

With morbid restlessness—the ecstatic fit

Spreads wide; though special mysteries multiply,

The Saints must govern, is their common cry;

5

And so they labour; deeming Holy Writ

Disgraced by aught that seems content to sit

Beneath the roof of settled Modesty.

  See WW’s note at the end of this volume.

2 “A common device in religious and political conflicts. See Strype in support of this instance.”

WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 399

The Romanist exults; fresh hope he draws

From the confusion—craftily incites

10

The overweening—personates the mad—

To heap disgust upon the worthier Cause:

The Throne is plagued; the New-born Church is sad,

For every wave against her peace unites.

xxxII. Gunpowder Plot

Fear hath a hundred eyes that all agree

To plague her beating heart; and there is one

(Nor idlest that!) which holds communion

With things that were not, yet were meant to be.

Aghast within its gloomy cavity

5

That eye (which sees as if fulfilled and done

Crimes that might stop the motion of the sun)

Beholds the horrible catastrophe

Of an assembled Senate unredeemed

From subterraneous Treason’s darkling power:

10

Merciless act of sorrow infinite!

Worse than the product of that dismal night,

When gushing, copious as a thunder shower,

The blood of Huguenots through Paris stream’d.

xxxIII. Illustration

The Virgin Mountain, wearing like a Queen

A brilliant crown of everlasting Snow,

Sheds ruin from her sides; and men below

Wonder that aught of aspect so serene

Can link with desolation. Smooth and green,

5

And seeming, at a little distance, slow,

The waters of the Rhine; but on they go

Fretting and whitening, keener and more keen,

Till madness seizes on the whole wide Flood,

Turned to a fearful Thing whose nostrils breathe

10

Blasts of tempestuous smoke—wherewith he tries

To hide himself but only magnifies;

And doth in more conspicuous torment writhe,

Deafening the region in his ireful mood.

  “The Jung-frau.” WW

400 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xxxIV. Troubles of Charles the First.

Such contrast, in whatever track we move,

To the mind’s eye Religion doth present;

Now with her own deep quietness content;

Then, like the mountain, thundering from above

Against the ancient Pine-trees of the grove

5

And the Land’s humblest comforts. Now her mood

Recals the transformation of the flood,

Whose rage the gentle skies in vain reprove,

Earth cannot check. O terrible excess

Of headstrong will! Can this be Piety?

10

No—some fierce Maniac hath usurp’d her name;

And scourges England struggling to be free:

Her peace destroyed! her hopes a wilderness!

Her blessings curs’d—her glory turn’d to shame!

xxxV. Laud

Pursued by Hate, debarred from friendly care;

An old weak Man for vengeance thrown aside,

Long “in the painful art of dying” tried,

(Like a poor Bird entangled in a Snare

Whose heart still flutters, though his wings forbear

5

To stir in useless struggle) Laud relied

Upon the strength which Innocence supplied,

And in his prison breathed celestial air.

Why tarries then thy Chariot? Wherefore stay,

O Death! the ensanguined yet triumphant wheels,

10

Which thou prepar’st, full often, to convey

(What time a State with madding faction reels)

The Saint or Patriot to the world that heals

All wounds, all perturbations doth allay?

XXXVI. Afflictions of England

Harp! couldst thou venture, on thy boldest string,

The faintest note to echo which the blast

Caught from the hand of Moses as it pass’d

O’er Sinai’s top, or from the Shepherd King,

  See WW’s note at the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 401

Early awake, by Siloa’s brook, to sing

5

Of dread Jehovah; then, should wood and waste

Hear also of that name, and mercy cast

Off to the mountains, like a covering

Of which the Lord was weary. Weep, oh weep,

As good men wept beholding King and Priest

10

Despised by that stern God to whom they raise

Their suppliant hands; but holy is the feast

He keepeth; like the firmament his ways;

His statutes like the chambers of the deep.

Ecclesiastical Sketches

Part III

from the restoration, to the present times

I

I saw the figure of a lovely Maid

Seated alone beneath a darksome Tree,

Whose fondly overhanging canopy

Set off her brightness with a pleasing shade.

Substance she seem’d (and that my heart betrayed,

5

For she was one I loved exceedingly;)

But while I gazed in tender reverie

(Or was it sleep that with my Fancy play’d?)

The bright corporeal presence, form, and face,

Remaining still distinct, grew thin and rare,

10

Like sunny mist; at length the golden hair,

Shape, limbs, and heavenly features, keeping pace

Each with the other, in a lingering race

Of dissolution, melted into air.

II. Patriotic Sympathies

Last night, without a voice, this Vision spake

Fear to my Spirit—passion that might seem

To lie dissevered from our present theme;

Yet do I love my Country—and partake

Of kindred agitations for her sake;

5

She visits oftentimes my midnight dream;

402 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Her glory meets me with the earliest beam

Of light, which tells that morning is awake:

If aught impair her beauty or destroy,

Or but forebode destruction, I deplore

10

With filial love the sad vicissitude;

If she hath fallen and righteous Heaven restore

The prostrate, then my spring-time is renewed,

And sorrow bartered for exceeding joy.

III. Charles the Second

Who comes with rapture greeted, and caress’d

With frantic love—his kingdom to regain?

Him Virtue’s Nurse, Adversity, in vain

Received, and fostered in her iron breast:

For all she taught of hardiest and of best,

5

Or would have taught, by discipline of pain

And long privation, now dissolves amain,

Or is remembered only to give zest

To wantonness.—Away, Circean revels!

Already stands our Country on the brink

10

Of bigot rage, that all distinction levels

Of truth and falsehood, swallowing the good name,

And, with that draught, the life-blood: misery, shame,

By Poets loathed; from which Historians shrink!

IV. Latitudinarianism

Yet Truth is keenly sought for, and the wind

Charged with rich words poured out in Thought’s defence;

Whether the Church inspire that eloquence,

Or a Platonic Piety—confined

To the sole temple of the inward mind;

5

And One there is who builds immortal lays,

Though doomed to tread in solitary ways,

Darkness before, and danger’s voice behind!

Yet not alone, nor helpless to repel

Sad thoughts; for from above the starry sphere

10

Come secrets—whispered nightly to his ear;

And the pure spirit of celestial light

Shines through his soul—“that he may see and tell

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 403

Of things invisible to mortal sight.”

V. Walton’s Book of “Lives”

There are no colours in the fairest sky

So fair as these. The feather whence the pen

Was shaped that traced the lives of these good Men,

Dropped from an Angel’s wing. With moistened eye

We read of faith and purest charity

5

In Statesman, Priest, and humble Citizen.

O, could we copy their mild virtues, then

What joy to live, what blessedness to die!

Methinks their very Names shine still and bright,

Apart—like glow-worms in the woods of spring,

10

Or lonely tapers shooting far a light

That guides and cheers,—or seen, like stars on high,

Satellites burning in a lucid ring

Around meek Walton’s heavenly memory.

VI. Clerical Integrity

Nor shall the eternal roll of praise reject

Those Unconforming; whom one rigorous day

Drives from their Cures, a voluntary prey

To poverty and grief, and disrespect,

And some to want—as if by tempest wreck’d

5

On a wild coast; how destitute! did They

Feel not that Conscience never can betray,

That peace of mind is Virtue’s sure effect.

Their Altars they forego, their homes they quit,

Fields which they love, and paths they daily trod,

10

And cast the future upon Providence;

As men the dictate of whose inward sense

Outweighs the world; whom self-deceiving wit

Lures not from what they deem the cause of God.

VII. Acquittal of the Bishops

A voice, from long-expectant thousands sent,

Shatters the air and troubles tower and spire—

For Justice hath absolved the Innocent,

And Tyranny is balked of her desire:

404 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Up—down the busy Thames—rapid as fire

5

Coursing a train of gunpowder—it went,

And transport finds in every street a vent,

Till the whole City rings like one vast quire.

The Fathers urge the People to be still

With outstretched hands and earnest voice—in vain!

10

Yea, many, haply wont to entertain

Small reverence for the Mitre’s offices,

And to Religion’s self no friendly will,

A Prelate’s blessing ask on bended knees.

VIII. William the Third

Calm as an under current—strong to draw

Millions of waves into itself, and run,

From sea to sea, impervious to the sun

And ploughing storm—the spirit of Nassau

(By constant impulse of religious awe

5

Swayed, and thereby enabled to contend

With the wide world’s commotions) from its end

Swerves not—diverted by a casual law.

Had mortal action e’er a nobler scope?

The Hero comes to liberate, not defy;

10

And while he marches on with righteous hope,

Conqueror beloved! expected anxiously!

The vacillating Bondman of the Pope

Shrinks from the verdict of his steadfast eye.

Ix. Obligations of Civil to Religious Liberty

Ungrateful Country, if thou e’er forget

The sons who for thy civil rights have bled!

How, like a Roman, Sidney bowed his head,

And Russel’s milder blood the scaffold wet;

But These had fallen for profitless regret

5

Had not thy holy Church her Champions bred,

And claims from other worlds inspirited

The Star of Liberty to rise. Nor yet

(Grave this within thy heart!) if spiritual things

Be lost, through apathy, or scorn, or fear,

10

Shalt thou thy humbler franchises support,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 405

However hardly won or justly dear;

What came from Heaven to Heaven by nature clings,

And, if dissevered thence, its course is short.

x. Places of Worship

As star that shines dependent upon star

Is to the sky while we look up in love;

As to the deep fair ships which though they move

Seem fixed, to eyes that watch them from afar;

As to the sandy desart fountains are,

5

With palm groves shaded at wide intervals,

Whose fruit around the sun-burnt Native falls

Of roving tired or desultory war;

Such to this British Isle her Christian Fanes,

Each linked to each for kindred services;

10

Her Spires, her Steeple-towers with glittering vanes

Far-kenned, her Chapels lurking among trees,

Where a few villagers on bended knees

Find solace which a busy world disdains.

xI. Pastoral Character

A genial hearth, a hospitable board,

And a refined rusticity, belong

To the neat Mansion, where, his Flock among,

The learned Pastor dwells, their watchful Lord.

Though meek and patient as a sheathèd sword,

5

Though pride’s least lurking thought appear a wrong

To human kind; though peace be on his tongue,

Gentleness in his heart; can earth afford

Such genuine state, pre-eminence so free,

As when, arrayed in Christ’s authority,

10

He from the Pulpit lifts his awful hand;

Conjures, implores, and labours all he can

For re-subjecting to divine command

The stubborn spirit of rebellious Man?

  See WW’s note at the end of this volume.

406 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xII. The Liturgy

Yes, if the intensities of hope and fear

Attract us still, and passionate exercise

Of lofty thoughts, the way before us lies

Distinct with signs—through which, in fixed career,

As through a zodiac, moves the ritual year

5

Of England’s Church—stupendous mysteries!

Which whoso travels in her bosom, eyes

As he approaches them, with solemn cheer.

Enough for us to cast a transient glance

The circle through; relinquishing its story

10

For those whom Heaven hath fitted to advance

And, harp in hand, rehearse the King of Glory—

From his mild advent till his countenance

Shall dissipate the seas and mountains hoary.

xIII. Catechizing

From little down to least—in due degree,

Around the Pastor, each in new-wrought vest,

Each with a vernal posy at his breast,

We stood, a trembling, earnest Company!

With low soft murmur, like a distant bee,

5

Some spake, by thought-perplexing fears betrayed;

And some a bold unerring answer made:

How fluttered then thy anxious heart for me,

Beloved Mother! Thou whose happy hand

Had bound the flowers I wore, with faithful tie:

10

Sweet flowers! at whose inaudible command

Her countenance, phantom-like, doth re-appear:

O lost too early for the frequent tear,

And ill requited by this heart-felt sigh!

xIV. Rural Ceremony

With smiles each happy face was overspread,

That trial ended. Give we to a day

Of festal joy one tributary lay;

  “This is still continued in many Churches in Westmoreland. It takes place in the month

of July, when the floor of the Stalls is strewn with fresh rushes: and hence it is called the

‘Rush-bearing.’ ” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 407

That day when, forth by rustic music led,

The village Children, while the sky is red

5

With evening lights, advance in long array

Through the still Church-yard, each with garland gay,

That, carried sceptre-like, o’ertops the head

Of the proud Bearer. To the wide Church-door,

Charged with these offerings which their Fathers bore

10

For decoration in the Papal time,

The innocent procession softly moves:—

The spirit of Laud is pleased in Heav’n’s pure clime,

And Hooker’s voice the spectacle approves!

xV. Regrets

Would that our scrupulous Sires had dared to leave

Less scanty measure of those graceful rites

And usages, whose due return invites

A stir of mind too natural to deceive;

Giving the Memory help when she would weave

5

A crown for Hope! I dread the boasted lights

That all too often are but fiery blights,

Killing the bud o’er which in vain we grieve.

Go, seek, when Christmas snows discomfort bring,

The counter Spirit found in some gay Church

10

Green with fresh Holly, every pew a perch

In which the linnet or the thrush might sing,

Merry and loud, and safe from prying search,

Strains offered only to the genial Spring.

xVI. Mutability

From low to high doth dissolution climb,

And sinks from high to low, along a scale

Of awful notes, whose concord shall not fail;

A musical but melancholy chime,

Which they can hear who meddle not with crime,

5

Nor avarice, nor over-anxious care.

Truth fails not; but her outward forms that bear

The longest date do melt like frosty rime,

That in the morning whitened hill and plain

And is no more; drop like the tower sublime

10

408 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of yesterday, which royally did wear

Its crown of weeds, but could not even sustain

Some casual shout that broke the silent air,

Or the unimaginable touch of Time.

xVII. Old Abbeys

Monastic Domes! following my downward way,

Untouched by due regret I marked your fall!

Now, ruin, beauty, ancient stillness, all

Dispose to judgments temperate as we lay

On our past selves in life’s declining day:

5

For as, by discipline of Time made wise,

We learn to tolerate the infirmities

And faults of others, gently as he may

Towards our own the mild Instructor deals,

Teaching us to forget them or forgive.

10

Perversely curious, then, for hidden ill

Why should we break Time’s charitable seals?

Once ye were holy, ye are holy still;

Your spirit freely let me drink and live!

xVIII. Congratulation

Thus all things lead to Charity—secured

By them who bless’d the soft and happy gale

That landward urged the great Deliverer’s sail,

Till in the sunny bay his fleet was moored!

Propitious hour! had we, like them, endured

5

Sore stress of apprehension, with a mind

Sickened by injuries, dreading worse designed,

From month to month trembling and unassured,

How had we then rejoiced! But we have felt,

As a loved substance, their futurity;

10

Good, which they dared not hope for, we have seen;

A State whose generous will through earth is dealt;

A State, which balancing herself between

Licence and slavish order, dares be free.

  “This is borrowed from an affecting passage in Mr. George Dyer’s History of Cambridge.”

2  “See  Burnet,  who  is  unusually  animated  on  this  subject;  the  east  wind,  so  anxiously expected and prayed for, was called the ‘Protestant wind.’ ” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 409

xIx. New Churches

But liberty, and triumphs on the Main,

And laurelled Armies—not to be withstood,

What serve they? if, on transitory good

Intent, and sedulous of abject gain,

The State (ah surely not preserved in vain!)

5

Forbear to shape due channels which the Flood

Of sacred Truth may enter—till it brood

O’er the wide realm, as o’er the Egyptian Plain

The all-sustaining Nile. No more—the time

Is conscious of her want; through England’s bounds,

10

In rival haste, the wished-for Temples rise!

I hear their Sabbath bells’ harmonious chime

Float on the breeze—the heavenliest of all sounds

That hill or vale prolongs or multiplies!

xx. Church to be Erected

Be this the chosen site—the virgin sod,

Moistened from age to age by dewy eve,

Shall disappear—and grateful earth receive

The corner-stone from hands that build to God.

Yon reverend hawthorns, hardened to the rod

5

Of Winter storms yet budding cheerfully;

Those forest oaks of Druid memory,

Shall long survive, to shelter the Abode

Of genuine Faith. Where, haply, ’mid this band

Of daisies, Shepherds sate of yore and wove

10

May-garlands, let the holy Altar stand

For kneeling adoration; while above,

Broods, visibly pourtrayed, the mystic Dove,

That shall protect from Blasphemy the Land.

xxI. Continued

Mine ear has rung, my spirits sunk subdued,

Sharing the strong emotion of the crowd,

When each pale brow to dread hosannas bowed

While clouds of incense mounting veiled the rood,

That glimmered like a pine-tree dimly viewed

5

410 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Through Alpine vapours. Such appalling rite

Our Church prepares not, trusting to the might

Of simple truth with grace divine imbued;

Yet will we not conceal the precious Cross,

Like Men ashamed: the Sun with his first smile

10

Shall greet that symbol crowning the low Pile;

And the fresh air of “incense-breathing morn”

Shall wooingly embrace it; and green moss

Creep round its arms through centuries unborn.

xxII. New Church Yard

The encircling ground, in native turf array’d,

Is now by solemn consecration given

To social interests, and to favouring Heaven;

And where the rugged Colts their gambols play’d,

And wild Deer bounded through the forest glade,

5

Unchecked as when by merry Outlaw driven,

Shall hymns of praise resound at morn and even;

And soon, full soon, the lonely Sexton’s spade

Shall wound the tender sod. Encincture small,

But infinite its grasp of joy and woe!

10

Hopes, fears, in never-ending ebb and flow—

The spousal trembling—and the “dust to dust”—

The prayers—the contrite struggle—and the trust

That to the Almighty Father looks through all!

xxIII. Cathedrals, &c.

Open your Gates ye everlasting Piles!

Types of the spiritual Church which God hath reared;

Not loth we quit the newly-hallowed sward

And humble altar, ’mid your sumptuous aisles

To kneel—or thrid your intricate defiles—

5

Or down the nave to pace in motion slow,

Watching, with upward eyes, the tall tower grow

And mount, at every step, with living wiles

Instinct—to rouse the heart and lead the will

By a bright ladder to the world above.

10

  “The Lutherans have retained the Cross within their Churches; it is to be regretted that we have not done the same.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 411

Open your Gates, ye Monuments of love

Divine! thou Lincoln, on thy sovereign hill!

Thou, stately York! and Ye, whose splendors cheer

Isis and Cam, to patient Science dear!

xxIV. Inside of King’s College Chapel, Cambridge

Tax not the royal Saint with vain expense,

With ill-matched aims the Architect who planned,

Albeit labouring for a scanty band

Of white-robed Scholars only, this immense

And glorious Work of fine Intelligence!

5

Give all thou canst; high Heaven rejects the lore

Of nicely-calculated less or more;

So deemed the Man who fashioned for the sense

These lofty pillars—spread that branching roof

Self-poised, and scooped into ten thousand cells,

10

Where light and shade repose, where music dwells

Lingering—and wandering on as loth to die,

Like thoughts whose very sweetness yieldeth proof

That they were born for immortality.

xxV. The Same

What awful pèrspective! while from our sight

Their portraiture the lateral windows hide,

Glimmers their corresponding stone-work, dyed

With the soft chequerings of a sleepy light.

Martyr, or King, or sainted Eremite,

5

Whoe’er ye be, that thus—yourselves unseen—

Imbue your prison-bars with solemn sheen,

Shine on, until ye fade with coming Night!

But, from the arms of silence—list! O list!

The music bursteth into second life—

10

The notes luxuriate—every stone is kiss’d

By sound, or ghost of sound, in mazy strife;

Heart-thrilling strains, that cast before the eye

Of the Devout a veil of ecstasy!

xxVI. Continued

They dreamt not of a perishable home

412 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Who thus could build. Be mine, in hours of fear

Or grovelling thought, to seek a refuge here;

Or through the aisles of Westminster to roam;

Where bubbles burst, and folly’s dancing foam

5

Melts, if it cross the threshold; where the wreath

Of awe-struck wisdom droops: or let my path

Lead to that younger Pile, whose sky-like dome

Hath typified by reach of daring art

Infinity’s embrace; whose guardian crest,

10

The silent Cross, among the stars shall spread

As now, when she hath also seen her breast

Filled with mementos, satiate with its part

Of grateful England’s overflowing Dead.

xxVII. Ejaculation

Glory to God! and to the Power who came

In filial duty, clothed with love divine;

That made his human tabernacle shine

Like Ocean burning with purpureal flame;

Or like the Alpine Mount, that takes its name

5

From roseate hues, far kenn’d at morn and even,

In hours of peace, or when the storm is driven

Along the nether region’s rugged frame!

Earth prompts—Heaven urges; let us seek the light,

Studious of that pure intercourse begun

10

When first our infant brows their lustre won;

So, like the Mountain, may we grow more bright

From unimpeded commerce with the Sun,

At the approach of all-involving night.

xxVIII. Conclusion

Why sleeps the future, as a snake enrolled,

Coil within coil, at noon-tide? For the Word

Yields, if with unpresumptuous faith explored,

Power at whose touch the sluggard shall unfold

His drowsy rings. Look forth! that Stream behold,

5

That Stream upon whose bosom we have pass’d

  “Some say that Monte Rosa takes its name from a belt of rock at its summit—a very unpo-

etical and scarcely a probable supposition.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 413

Floating at ease while nations have effaced

Nations, and Death has gathered to his fold

Long lines of mighty Kings—look forth, my Soul!

(Nor in that vision be thou slow to trust)

10

The living Waters, less and less by guilt

Stained and polluted, brighten as they roll,

Till they have reached the Eternal City—built

For the perfected Spirits of the just!

[Poems not included in series as first published]

[ Druid Temple]

And thus a Structure potent to enchain

The eye of Wonder rose in this fair Isle;

Not built with calculations nice and vain

But in mysterious Nature’s boldest style,

Yet orderly as some basaltic Pile

5

That steadfastly repels the fretful main.

The Point at Issue

For what contend the wise? for nothing less

Than that pure Faith dissolve the bonds of Sense;

The Soul restored to God by evidence

Of things not seen—drawn forth from their recess,

Root there, and not in forms, her holiness:

5

That Faith which to the Patriarchs did dispense

Sure guidance, ere a ceremonial fence

Was needful round men thirsting to transgress;

That Faith, more perfect still, with which the Lord

Of all, himself a Spirit, in the youth

10

Of Christian aspiration, deigned to fill

The temples of their hearts—who, with his word

Informed, were resolute to do his will,

And worship him in spirit and in truth.

Revival of Popery

Melts into silent shades the Youth, discrowned

By unrelenting Death. O People keen

414 The Poems of William Wordsworth

For change, to whom the new looks always green!

They cast, they cast with joy upon the ground

Their Gods of wood and stone; and, at the sound

5

Of counter-proclamation, now are seen,

(Proud triumph is it for a sullen Queen!)

Lifting them up, the worship to confound

Of the Most High. Again do they invoke

The Creature, to the Creature glory give;

10

Again with frankincense the altars smoke

Like those the Heathen served; and mass is sung;

And prayer, man’s rational prerogative,

Runs through blind channels of an unknown tongue.

Latimer and Ridley

How fast the Marian death-list is unrolled!

See Latimer and Ridley in the might

Of Faith stand coupled for a common flight!

One (like those Prophets whom God sent of old)

Transfigured, from this kindling hath foretold

5

A torch of inextinguishable light;

The other gains a confidence as bold;

And thus they foil their enemy’s despite.

The penal instruments, the shows of crime,

Are glorified while this once-mitred pair

10

Of saintly Friends, “the Murtherer’s chain partake,

Corded, and burning at the social stake:”

Earth never witnessed object more sublime

In constancy, in fellowship more fair!

Persecution of the Scottish Convenanters

When Alpine Vales threw forth a suppliant cry,

The majesty of England interposed

And the sword stopped; the bleeding wounds were closed;

And Faith preserved her ancient purity.

How little boots that precedent of good,

5

Scorned or forgotten, Thou canst testify,

For England’s shame, O Sister Realm! from wood,

Mountain, and moor, and crowded street, where lie

  See WW’s note at the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 415

The headless martyrs of the Covenant,

Slain by compatriot-protestants that draw

10

From councils senseless as intolerant

Their warrant. Bodies fall by wild sword-law;

But who would force the Soul, tilts with a straw

Against a Champion cased in adamant.

“Down a swift Stream, thus far, a bold design”

Down a swift Stream, thus far, a bold design

Have we pursued, with livelier stir of heart

Than his who sees, borne forward by the Rhine,

The living landscapes greet him, and depart;

Sees spires fast sinking—up again to start!

5

And strives the towers to number, that recline

O’er the dark steeps, or on the horizon line

Striding with shattered crests the eye athwart;—

So have we hurried on with troubled pleasure:

Henceforth, as on the bosom of a stream

10

That slackens, and spreads wide a watery gleam,

We, nothing loth a lingering course to measure,

May gather up our thoughts, and mark at leisure

Features that else had vanished like a dream.

Sacheverell

A sudden conflict rises from the swell

Of a proud slavery met by tenets strained

In Liberty’s behalf. Fears, true or feigned,

Spread through all ranks; and lo! the Sentinel

Who loudest rang his pulpit larum bell,

5

Stands at the Bar—absolved by female eyes,

Mingling their Light with graver flatteries,

Lavished on Him that England may rebel

Against her ancient virtue. High and Low,

Watch-words of Party, on all tongues are rife;

10

As if a Church, though sprung from heaven, must owe

To opposites and fierce extremes her life,—

Not to the golden mean, and quiet flow

Of truths that soften hatred, temper strife.

416 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Baptism

Blest be the Church, that, watching o’er the needs

Of Infancy, provides a timely shower,

Whose virtue changes to a Christian Flower

The sinful product of a bed of Weeds!

Fitliest beneath the sacred roof proceeds

5

The Ministration; while parental Love

Looks on, and Grace descendeth from above

As the high service pledges now, now pleads.

There, should vain thoughts outspread their wings and fly

To meet the coming hours of festal mirth,

10

The tombs which hear and answer that brief cry,

The Infant’s notice of his second birth,

Recal the wandering soul to sympathy

With what Man hopes from Heaven, yet fears from Earth.

Confirmation

The Young-ones gathered in from hill and dale,

With holiday delight on every brow:

’Tis passed away; far other thoughts prevail;

For they are taking the baptismal Vow

Upon their conscious selves; their own lips speak

5

The solemn promise. Strongest sinews fail,

And many a blooming, many a lovely cheek

Under the holy fear of God turns pale,

While on each head his lawn-robed Servant lays

An apostolic hand, and with prayer seals

10

The Covenant. The Omnipotent will raise

Their feeble Souls; and bear with his regrets,

Who, looking round the fair assemblage, feels

That ere the Sun goes down their childhood sets.

Confirmation Continued

I saw a Mother’s eye intensely bent

Upon a Maiden trembling as she knelt;

In and for whom the pious Mother felt

Things that we judge of by a light too faint:

Tell, if ye may, some star-crowned Muse, or Saint!

5

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 417

Tell what rushed in, from what she was relieved—

Then, when her Child the hallowing touch received,

And such vibration to the Mother went

That tears burst forth amain. Did gleams appear?

Opened a vision of that blissful place

10

Where dwells a Sister-child? And was power given

Part of her lost One’s glory back to trace

Even to this Rite? For thus She knelt, and, ere

The Summer-leaf had faded, passed to Heaven.

Sacrament

By chain yet stronger must the Soul be tied:

One duty more, last stage of this ascent,

Brings to thy food, memorial Sacrament!

The Offspring, haply at the Parent’s side;

But not till They, with all that do abide

5

In Heaven, have lifted up their hearts to laud

And magnify the glorious name of God,

Fountain of Grace, whose Son for Sinners died.

Here must my Song in timid reverence pause:

But shrink not, ye, whom to the saving rite

10

The Altar calls; come early under laws

That can secure for you a path of light

Through gloomiest shade; put on (nor dread its weight)

Armour divine, and conquer in your cause!

Emigrant French Clergy

Even while I speak, the sacred roofs of France

Are shattered into dust; and self-exiled

From Altars threatened, levelled, or defiled,

Wander the Ministers of God, as chance

Opens a way for life, or consonance

5

Of Faith invites. More welcome to no land

The fugitives than to the British strand,

Where Priest and Layman with the vigilance

Of true compassion greet them. Creed and test

Vanish before the unreserved embrace

10

Of Catholic humanity:—distrest

They came,—and, while the moral tempest roars

418 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Throughout the Country they have left, our shores

Give to their Faith a dreadless resting-place.

Sponsors

Father! to God himself we cannot give

A holier name! Then lightly do not bear

Both names conjoined—but of thy spiritual care

Be duly mindful; still more sensitive

Do Thou, in truth a second Mother, strive

5

Against disheartening custom, that by Thee

Watched, and with love and pious industry

Tended at need, the adopted Plant may thrive

For everlasting bloom. Benign and pure

This Ordinance, whether loss it would supply,

10

Prevent omission, help deficiency,

Or seek to make assurance doubly sure.

Shame if the consecrated Vow be found

An idle form, the Word an empty sound!

[The three following Sonnets are an intended addition to the “Ecclesiastical

Sketches,” the first to stand second; and the two that succeed, seventh and

eighth, in the second part of the Series.—See the Author’s Poems.—They are

placed here as having some connection with the foregoing Poem.]

“Deplorable his lot who tills the ground”

Deplorable his lot who tills the ground,

His whole life long tills it, with heartless toil

Of villain-service, passing with the soil

To each new Master, like a steer or hound,

Or like a rooted tree, or stone earth-bound;

5

But mark how gladly, through their own domains,

The Monks relax or break these iron chains;

While Mercy, uttering, through their voice, a sound

Echoed in Heaven, cries out, “Ye Chiefs, abate

These legalized oppressions! Man, whose name

10

And nature God disdained not; Man, whose soul

Christ died for, cannot forfeit his high claim

To live and move exempt from all controul

Which fellow-feeling doth not mitigate!”

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 419

The Vaudois

But whence came they who for the Saviour Lord

Have long borne witness as the Scriptures teach?

Ages ere Valdo raised his voice to preach

In Gallic ears the unadulterate Word,

Their fugitive Progenitors explored

5

Subalpine vales, in quest of safe retreats

Where that pure Church survives, though summer heats

Open a passage to the Romish sword,

Far as it dares to follow. Herbs self-sown,

And fruitage gathered from the chestnut wood,

10

Nourish the Sufferers then; and mists, that brood

O’er chasms with new-fallen obstacles bestrown,

Protect them; and the eternal snow that daunts

Aliens, is God’s good winter for their haunts.

“Praised be the Rivers, from their mountain-springs”

Praised be the Rivers, from their mountain-springs

Shouting to Freedom, “Plant thy Banners here!”

To harassed Piety, “Dismiss thy fear,

And in our Caverns smooth thy ruffled wings!”

Nor be unthanked their tardiest lingerings

5

’Mid reedy fens wide-spread and marshes drear,

Their own creation, till their long career

End in the sea engulphed. Such welcomings

As came from mighty Po when Venice rose,

Greeted those simple Heirs of truth divine

10

Who near his fountains sought obscure repose,

Yet were prepared as glorious lights to shine,

Should that be needed for their sacred Charge;

Blest Prisoners They, whose spirits are at large!

“Coldly we spake. The Saxons, overpowered”

Coldly we spake. The Saxons, overpowered

By wrong triumphant through its own excess,

From fields laid waste, from house and home devoured

By flames, look up to heaven and crave redress

From God’s eternal justice. Pitiless

5

420 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Though men be, there are angels that can feel

For wounds that death alone has power to heal,

For penitent guilt, and innocent distress.

And has a Champion risen in arms to try

His Country’s virtue, fought, and breathes no more;

10

Him in their hearts the people canonize;

And far above the mine’s most precious ore

The least small pittance of bare mould they prize

Scooped from the sacred earth where his dear relics lie.

Aspects of Christianity in America

I.—The Pilgrim Fathers

Well worthy to be magnified are they

Who, with sad hearts, of friends and country took

A last farewell, their loved abodes forsook,

And hallowed ground in which their fathers lay;

Then to the new-found World explored their way,

5

That so a Church, unforced, uncalled to brook

Ritual restraints, within some sheltering nook

Her Lord might worship and his word obey

In freedom. Men they were who could not bend;

Blest Pilgrims, surely, as they took for guide

10

A will by sovereign Conscience sanctified;

Blest while their Spirits from the woods ascend

Along a Galaxy that knows no end,

But in His glory who for Sinners died.

II. Continued

From Rite and Ordinance abused they fled

  “This and the two following Sonnets are intended to take their place in the Ecclesiastical

Series which the reader may find in the fourth volume of my Poems. American episcopacy,

in union with the church in England, strictly belongs to the general subject; and I here

make my acknowledgments to my American friends, Bishop Doane, and Mr. Henry Reed

of Philadelphia, for having suggested to me the propriety of adverting to it, and pointed

out the virtues and intellectual qualities of Bishop White, which so eminently fitted him for

the great work he undertook. Bishop White was consecrated at Lambeth, Feb. 4, 787,

by Archbishop Moore; and before his long life was closed, twenty-six bishops had been

consecrated in America by himself. For his character and opinions, see his own numerous

Works, and a “Sermon in commemoration of him, by George Washington Doane, Bishop

of New Jersey.”

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 421

To Wilds where both were utterly unknown;

But not to them had Providence foreshown

What benefits are missed, what evils bred,

In worship neither raised nor limited

5

Save by Self-will. Lo! from that distant shore,

For Rite and Ordinance, Piety is led

Back to the Land those Pilgrims left of yore,

Led by her own free choice. So Truth and Love

By Conscience governed do their steps retrace.—

10

Fathers! your Virtues, such the power of grace,

Their spirit, in your Children, thus approve.

Transcendent over time, unbound by place,

Concord and Charity in circles move.

III. Concluded.—American Episcopacy

Patriots informed with Apostolic light

Were they, who, when their Country had been freed,

Bowing with reverence to the ancient creed,

Fixed on the frame of England’s Church their sight,

And strove in filial love to reunite

5

What force had severed. Thence they fetched the seed

Of Christian unity, and won a meed

Of praise from Heaven. To Thee, O saintly White,

Patriarch of a wide-spreading family,

Remotest lands and unborn times shall turn,

10

Whether they would restore or build—to Thee,

As one who rightly taught how zeal should burn,

As one who drew from out Faith’s holiest urn

The purest stream of patient Energy.

“How soon—alas! did Man, created pure—”

How soon—alas! did Man, created pure—

By Angels guarded, deviate from the line

Prescribed to duty:—woeful forfeiture

He made by wilful breach of law divine.

With like perverseness did the Church abjure

5

Obedience to her Lord, and haste to twine,

’Mid Heaven-born flowers that shall for aye endure,

Weeds on whose front the world had fixed her sign.

422 The Poems of William Wordsworth

O Man,—if with thy trials thus it fares,

If good can smooth the way to evil choice,

10

From all rash censure be the mind kept free;

He only judges right who weighs, compares,

And, in the sternest sentence which his voice

Pronounces, ne’er abandons Charity.

“From false assumption rose, and fondly hail’d”

From false assumption rose, and fondly hail’d

By superstition, spread the Papal power;

Yet do not deem the Autocracy prevail’d

Thus only, even in error’s darkest hour.

She daunts, forth-thundering from her spiritual tower

5

Brute rapine, or with gentle lure she tames.

Justice and Peace through Her uphold their claims;

And Chastity finds many a sheltering bower.

Realm there is none that if controul’d or sway’d

By her commands partakes not, in degree,

10

Of good, o’er manners arts and arms, diffused:

Yes, to thy domination, Roman See,

Tho’ miserably, oft monstrously, abused

By blind ambition, be this tribute paid.

“As faith thus sanctified the warrior’s crest”

As faith thus sanctified the warrior’s crest

While from the Papal Unity there came,

What feebler means had fail’d to give, one aim

Diffused thro’ all the regions of the West;

So does her Unity its power attest

5

By works of Art, that shed, on the outward frame

Of worship, glory and grace, which who shall blame

That ever looked to heaven for final rest?

Hail countless Temples! that so well befit

Your ministry; that, as ye rise and take

10

Form, spirit and character from holy writ,

Give to devotion, wheresoe’er awake,

Pinions of high and higher sweep, and make

The unconverted soul with awe submit.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 423

“Where long and deeply hath been fixed the root”

Where long and deeply hath been fixed the root

In the blest soil of gospel truth, the Tree,

(Blighted or scathed tho’ many branches be,

Put forth to wither, many a hopeful shoot)

Can never cease to bear celestial fruit.

5

Witness the Church that oft times, with effect

Dear to the saints, strives earnestly to eject

Her bane, her vital energies recruit.

Lamenting, do not hopelessly repine

When such good work is doomed to be undone,

10

The conquests lost that were so hardly won:—

All promises vouchsafed by Heaven will shine

In light confirmed while years their course shall run,

Confirmed alike in progress and decline.

“Bishops and Priests, blessèd are ye, if deep”

Bishops and Priests, blessèd are ye, if deep

(As yours above all offices is high)

Deep in your hearts the sense of duty lie;

Charged as ye are by Christ to feed and keep

From wolves your portion of his chosen sheep:

5

Labouring as ever in your Master’s sight,

Making your hardest task your best delight,

What perfect glory ye in Heaven shall reap!—

But, in the solemn Office which ye sought

And undertook premonished, if unsound

10

Your practice prove, faithless though but in thought,

Bishops and Priests, think what a gulf profound

Awaits you then, if they were rightly taught

Who framed the Ordinance by your lives disowned!

The Marriage Ceremony.

The Vested Priest before the Altar stands;

Approach, come gladly, ye prepared, in sight

Of God and chosen friends, your troth to plight

With the symbolic ring, and willing hands

Solemnly joined. Now sanctify the bands

5

424 The Poems of William Wordsworth

O Father!—to the Espoused thy blessing give,

That mutually assisted they may live

Obedient, as here taught, to thy commands.

So prays the Church, to consecrate a Vow

“The which would endless matrimony make;”

10

Union that shadows forth and doth partake

A mystery potent human love to endow

With heavenly, each more prized for the other’s sake;

Weep not, meek Bride! uplift thy timid brow.

Thanksgiving after Childbirth

Woman! the Power who left his throne on high,

And deigned to wear the robe of flesh we wear,

The Power that thro’ the straits of Infancy

Did pass dependent on maternal care,

His own humanity with Thee will share,

5

Pleased with the thanks that in his People’s eye

Thou offerest up for safe Delivery

From Childbirth’s perilous throes. And should the Heir

Of thy fond hopes hereafter walk inclined

To courses fit to make a mother rue

10

That ever he was born, a glance of mind

Cast upon this observance may renew

A better will; and, in the imagined view

Of thee thus kneeling, safety he may find.

Visitation of the Sick

The Sabbath bells renew the inviting peal;

Glad music! yet there be that, worn with pain

And sickness, listen where they long have lain,

In sadness listen. With maternal zeal

Inspired, the Church sends ministers to kneel

5

Beside the afflicted; to sustain with prayer,

And soothe the heart confession hath laid bare—

That pardon, from God’s throne, may set its seal

On a true Penitent. When breath departs

From one disburthened so, so comforted,

10

His Spirit Angels greet; and ours be hope

That, if the Sufferer rise from his sick-bed,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 425

Hence he will gain a firmer mind, to cope

With a bad world, and foil the Tempter’s arts.

The Commination Service

Shun not this Rite, neglected, yea abhorred,

By some of unreflecting mind, as calling

Man to curse man, (thought monstrous and appalling.)

Go thou and hear the threatenings of the Lord;

Listening within his Temple see his sword

5

Unsheathed in wrath to strike the offender’s head,

Thy own, if sorrow for thy sin be dead,

Guilt unrepented, pardon unimplored.

Two aspects bears Truth needful for salvation;

Who knows not that?—yet would this delicate age

10

Look only on the Gospel’s brighter page:

Let light and dark duly our thoughts employ;

So shall the fearful words of Commination

Yield timely fruit of peace and love and joy.

Forms of Prayer at Sea

To kneeling Worshippers no earthly floor

Gives holier invitation than the deck

Of a storm-shattered Vessel saved from Wreck

(When all that Man could do avail’d no more)

By him who raised the Tempest and restrains:

5

Happy the crew who this have felt, and pour

Forth for his mercy, as the Church ordains,

Solemn thanksgiving. Nor will they implore

In vain who, for a rightful cause, give breath

To words the Church prescribes aiding the lip

10

For the heart’s sake, ere ship with hostile ship

Encounters, armed for work of pain and death.

Suppliants! the God to whom your cause ye trust

Will listen, and ye know that He is just.

Funeral Service

From the Baptismal hour, thro’ weal and woe,

The church extends her care to thought and deed;

Nor quits the Body when the Soul is freed,

426 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The mortal weight cast off to be laid low.

Blest Rite for him who hears in faith, “I know

5

That my Redeemer liveth,”—hears each word

That follows—striking on some kindred chord

Deep in the thankful heart;—yet tears will flow.

Man is as grass that springeth up at morn,

Grows green, and is cut down and withereth

10

Ere nightfall—truth that well may claim a sigh,

Its natural echo; but hope comes reborn

At Jesu’s bidding. We rejoice, “O Death

Where is thy Sting?—O Grave where is thy Victory?”

427

Memorials of a Tour on the Continent, 1820.

Dedication

Dear Fellow-Travellers! think not that the Muse

Presents to notice these memorial Lays,

Hoping the general eye thereon will gaze,

As on a mirror that gives back the hues

Of living Nature; no—though free to chuse

5

The greenest bowers, the most inviting ways,

The fairest landscapes and the brightest days,

She felt too deeply what her skill must lose.

For You she wrought;—ye only can supply

The life, the truth, the beauty: she confides

10

In that enjoyment which with you abides,

Trusts to your love and vivid memory;

Thus far contented that for You her verse

Shall lack not power the “meeting soul to pierce!”

w. wordsworth.

Rydal Mount,

January 1822.

Sonnet. Fish-women

—on landing at calais

’Tis said, fantastic Ocean doth enfold

The likeness of whate’er on Land is seen;

But, if the Nereid Sisters and their Queen,

Above whose heads the Tide so long hath roll’d,

The Dames resemble whom we here behold,

5

How terrible beneath the opening waves

To sink, and meet them in their fretted caves,

Withered, grotesque, immeasurably old,

And shrill and fierce in accent!—Fear it not;

  For the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and

Itinerary Poems, 1820–1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 35–356, and 49–44.

2  “If in this Sonnet I should seem to have borne a little too hard upon the personal appear-

ance of the worthy Poissardes of Calais, let me take shelter under the authority of my

lamented Friend the late Sir George Beaumont. He, a most accurate observer, used to say

of them, that their features and countenances seemed to have conformed to those of the

creatures they dealt in; at all events the resemblance was striking.” WW

428 The Poems of William Wordsworth

For they Earth’s fairest Daughters do excel;

10

Pure unmolested beauty is their lot;

Their voices into liquid music swell,

Thrilling each pearly cleft and sparry grot—

The undisturbed Abodes where Sea-nymphs dwell!

Sonnet

bruges

Bruges I saw attired with golden light

(Streamed from the west) as with a robe of power:

’Tis passed away;—and now the sunless hour,

That slowly introducing peaceful night

Best suits with fallen grandeur, to my sight

5

Offers her beauty, her magnificence,

And all the graces left her for defence

Against the injuries of time, the spite

Of Fortune, and the desolating storms

Of future War. Advance not—spare to hide,

10

O gentle Power of Darkness! these mild hues;

Obscure not yet these silent avenues

Of stateliest Architecture, where the forms

Of Nun-like Females, with soft motion, glide!

Sonnet

bruges

The Spirit of Antiquity, enshrined

In sumptuous Buildings, vocal in sweet Song

And Tales transmitted through the popular tongue,

And with devout solemnities entwined,

Strikes at the seat of grace within the mind:

5

Hence Forms that slide with swan-like ease along;

Hence motions, even amid the vulgar throng,

To an harmonious decency confined:

As if the Streets were consecrated ground,

The City one vast Temple—dedicate

10

To mutual respect in thought and deed;

To leisure, to forbearances sedate;

  See WW’s note at the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 429

To social cares from jarring passions freed;

A nobler peace than that in desarts found!

Sonnet

after visiting the field of waterloo

A winged Goddess, clothed in vesture wrought

Of rainbow colours; One whose port was bold,

Whose overburthened hand could scarcely hold

The glittering crowns and garlands which it brought,

Hover’d in air above the far-famed Spot.

5

She vanished—All was joyless, blank, and cold;

But if from wind-swept fields of corn that roll’d

In dreary billows, from the meagre cot,

And monuments that soon may disappear,

Meanings we craved which could not there be found;

10

If the wide prospect seemed an envious seal

Of great exploits; we felt as Men should feel,

With such vast hoards of hidden carnage near,

And horror breathing from the silent ground!

Sonnet

scenery between namur and liege

What lovelier home could gentle Fancy chuse?

Is this the Stream, whose cities, heights, and plains,

War’s favorite play-ground, are with crimson stains

Familiar, as the Morn with pearly dews?

The Morn, that now along the silver meuse

5

Spreading her peaceful ensigns, calls the Swains

To tend their silent boats and ringing wains,

Or strip the bough whose mellow fruit bestrews

The ripening corn beneath it. As mine eyes

Turn from the fortified and threatening hill,

10

How sweet the prospect of yon watery glade,

With its grey rocks, clustering in pensive shade,

That, shaped like old monastic turrets, rise

From the smooth meadow-ground, serene and still!

430 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Sonnet

aix-la-chapelle

Was it to disenchant, and to undo,

That we approached the Seat of Charlemaine?

To sweep from many an old romantic strain

That faith which no devotion may renew!

Why does this puny Church present to view

5

Its feeble columns? and that scanty Chair!

This Sword that One of our weak times might wear;

Objects of false pretence, or meanly true!

If from a Traveller’s fortune I might claim

A palpable memorial of that day,

10

Then would I seek the Pyrenean Breach

Which Roland clove with huge two-handed sway,

And to the enormous labor left his name,

Where unremitting frosts the rocky Crescent bleach.

Sonnet

in the cathedral at cologne

O for the help of Angels to complete

This Temple—Angels governed by a Plan

How gloriously pursued by daring Man,

Studious that He might not disdain the Seat

Who dwells in Heaven! But that inspiring heat

5

Hath failed; and now, ye Powers! whose gorgeous wings

And splendid aspect yon emblazonings

But faintly picture, ’twere an office meet

For you, on these unfinished Shafts to try

The midnight virtues of your harmony:—

10

This vast Design might tempt you to repeat

  In his note WW refers to a work on the Pyrenees by Louis François Elisabeth Ramond de

Carbonnières,  Observations faites dans les Pyrénéesm oiyr servur de suite à des obser-

vations sur les Alpes, insérées dans une traduction des lettres de W. Coxe, sur la Suisse

(Paris, 789):

“Let a wall of rocks be imagined from three to six hundred feet in height, and rising

between France and Spain, so as physically to separate the two kingdoms—let us fancy

this wall curved like a crescent with its convexity towards France. Lastly, let us suppose,

that in the very middle of the wall a breach of 300 feet wide has been beaten down by the

famous Roland, and we may have a good idea of what the mountaineers call the ‘Breche

de Roland.’ ”

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 431

Charms that call forth upon empyreal ground

Immortal Fabrics—rising to the sound

Of penetrating harps and voices sweet!

Sonnet

author’s voyage down the rhine (thirty years ago)

The confidence of Youth our only Art,

And Hope gay Pilot of the bold design,

We saw the living Landscapes of the Rhine,

Reach after reach, salute us and depart;

Slow sink the Spires,—and up again they start!

5

But who shall count the Towers as they recline

O’er the dark steeps, or on the horizon line

Striding, with shattered crests, the eye athwart?

More touching still, more perfect was the pleasure,

When hurrying forward till the slack’ning stream

10

Spread like a spacious Mere, we there could measure

A smooth free course along the watery gleam,

Think calmly on the past, and mark at leisure

Features which else had vanished like a dream.

Sonnet

in a carriage, upon the banks of the rhine

Amid this dance of objects sadness steals

O’er the defrauded heart—while sweeping by,

As in a fit of Thespian jollity,

Beneath her vine-leaf crown the green Earth reels:

Backward, in rapid evanescence, wheels

5

The venerable pageantry of Time,

Each beetling rampart—and each tower sublime,

And what the Dell unwillingly reveals

Of lurking cloistral arch, through trees espied

Near the bright River’s edge. Yet why repine?

10

Pedestrian liberty shall yet be mine

To muse, to creep, to halt at will, to gaze:

1 “ ‘From St. Goar to Bingen—Castles commanding innumerable small fortified villages—

nothing  could  exceed  the  delightful  variety;  but  the  postilions,  who  were  intoxicated, whisked  us  far  too  fast  through  those  beautiful  scenes.’—Extract  from  Journal.”  WW

quotes from Mary Wordsworth’s entry for July 24, 820, in her journal.

432 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Freedom which youth with copious hand supplied,

May in fit measure bless my later days.

Hymn

for the boatmen, as they approach the rapids,

under the castle of heidelberg

Jesu! bless our slender Boat,

By the current swept along;

Loud its threatenings—let them not

Drown the music of a Song

Breathed thy mercy to implore,

5

Where these troubled waters roar!

Lord and Saviour! who art seen

Bleeding on that precious Rood;

If, while through the meadows green

Gently wound the peaceful flood,

10

We forgot Thee, do not Thou

Disregard thy Suppliants now!

Hither, like yon ancient Tower

Watching o’er the River’s bed,

Fling the shadow of thy power,

15

Else we sleep among the Dead;

Traveller on the billowy Sea,

Shield us in our jeopardy!

Guide our Bark among the waves;

Through the rocks our passage smooth;

20

Where the whirlpool frets and raves

Let thy love its anger soothe;

All our hope is placed in Thee;

Miserere Domine!

  “See the beautiful Song in Mr. Coleridge’s Tragedy “The Remorse.” Why is the Harp of

Quantock silent?” WW.

  Coleridge, the “Harp of Quantock,” used this refrain (“Lord have mercy!”) in the song in

III.i.68–6 of his play  Remorse (83).

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 433

Sonnet

local recollection on the heights near hockheim

Abruptly paused the Strife;—the field throughout

Resting upon his arms each Warrior stood,

Checked in the very act and deed of blood,

With breath suspended—like a listening Scout.

O Silence! thou wert Mother of a shout

5

That thro’ the texture of yon azure dome

Clove its glad way—a cry of harvest home

Uttered to Heaven in ecstasy devout!

The barrier Rhine hath flashed, thro’ battle-smoke,

On men who gazed heart-smitten by the view,

10

As if all Germany had felt the shock.

Fly, wretched Gauls! ere they the charge renew

Who have seen (themselves delivered from the yoke)

The unconquerable Stream his course pursue.

Sonnet

the source of the danube

Not (like his great compeers) indignantly

Doth danube spring to life! The wandering stream

(Who loves the Cross, yet to the Crescent’s gleam

Unfolds a willing breast) with infant glee

Slips from his prison walls: and Fancy, free

5

To follow in his track of silver light,

Reaches, with one brief moment’s rapid flight,

The vast Encincture of that gloomy sea

Whose rough winds Orpheus soothed; whose waves did greet

So skilfully that they forgot their jars—

10

To waft the heroic progeny of Greece,

When the first Ship sailed for the golden Fleece;

Argo exalted by that daring feat

To a conspicuous height among the stars!

  “The event is thus recorded in the journals of the day: ‘When the Austrians took Hockheim,

in one part of the engagement they got to the brow of the hill, whence they had their first

view of the Rhine. They instantly halted—not a gun was fired—not a voice heard: but they

stood gazing on the river with those feelings which the events of the last 5 years at once

called up. Prince Schwartzenberg rode up to know the cause of this sudden stop, they

then gave three cheers, rushed after the enemy, and drove them into the water.’ ” WW

2  “Before this quarter of the Black Forest was inhabited, the source of the Danube might

434 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Sonnet

the jung-frau—and the rhine at shauffhausen

The Virgin Mountain, wearing like a Queen

A brilliant crown of everlasting snow,

Sheds ruin from her sides; and men below

Wonder that aught of aspect so serene

Can link with desolation.—Smooth and green

5

And seeming, at a little distance, slow

The Waters of the Rhine; but on they go

Fretting and whitening, keener and more keen

Till madness seizes on the whole wide Flood

Turned to a fearful Thing, whose nostrils breathe

10

Blasts of tempestuous smoke, with which he tries

To hide himself, but only magnifies:

And doth in more conspicuous torment writhe,

Deafening the region in his “ireful mood.”

Memorial,

near the outlet of the lake of thun

“dem andenken

meines freundes

aloys reding

mdcccxviii.”

Around a wild and woody hill

A gravelled path-way treading,

We reached a votive Stone that bears

The name of Aloys Reding.

have suggested some of those sublime images which Armstrong has so finely described;

at present the contrast is most striking. The Spring appears in a capacious stone Basin

upon the front of a Ducal palace, with a pleasure-ground opposite; then, passing under the

pavement, takes the form of a little, clear, bright, black, vigorous rill, barely wide enough to tempt the agility of a child five years old to leap over it,—and, entering the Garden, it joins, after a course of a few hundred yards, a Stream much more considerable than itself. The

copiousness of the Spring at Doneschingen must have procured for it the honour of being

named the Source of the Danube.” WW

1 “This Sonnet belongs to another publication, but from its fitness for this place is inserted here also. ‘Voilà un enfer d’eau,’ cried out a German Friend of Ramond, falling on his

knees on the scaffold in front of this Waterfall. See Ramond’s Translation of Coxe.” WW

refers to Ramond’s  Lettres de M. William Coxe á M. W. Melmoth . . . (2 vols.; 3d ed., Paris,

787), I, 6.

2  “Aloys Reding, it will be remembered, was Captain-General of the Swiss forces, which with

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 435

Well judged the Friend who placed it there

5

For silence and protection,

And haply with a finer care

Of dutiful affection.

The Sun regards it from the West,

Sinking in summer glory;

10

And, while he sinks, affords a type

Of that pathetic story.

And oft he tempts the patriot Swiss

Amid the grove to linger;

Till all is dim, save this bright Stone

15

Touched by his golden finger.

Sonnet

on approaching the staub-bach, lauterbrunnen

Tracks let me follow far from human-kind

Which these illusive greetings may not reach;

Where only Nature tunes her voice to teach

Careless pursuits, and raptures unconfined.

No Mermaid warbles (to allay the wind

5

That drives some vessel tow’rds a dangerous beach)

More thrilling melodies! no caverned Witch

Chaunting a love-spell, ever intertwined

Notes shrill and wild with art more musical!

Alas! that from the lips of abject Want

10

And Idleness in tatters mendicant

They should proceed—enjoyment to enthral,

And with regret and useless pity haunt

This bold, this pure, this sky-born waterfall!

a courage and perseverance worthy of the cause, opposed the flagitious, and too suc-

cessful, attempt of Buonaparte to subjugate their country.” WW

  “ ‘The Staub-bach’ is a narrow Stream, which, after a long course on the heights, comes to

a sharp edge of a somewhat overhanging precipice, overleaps it with a bound, and, after

a fall of 930 feet, forms again a rivulet. The vocal powers of these musical Beggars may

seem to be exaggerated; but this wild and savage air was utterly unlike any sounds I had

ever heard: the notes reached me from a distance, and on what occasion they were sung I

could not guess, only they seemed to belong, in some way or other, to the Waterfall—and

reminded me of religious services chaunted to Streams and Fountains in Pagan times.”

WW

436 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Sonnet

the fall of the aar—handec

From the fierce aspect of this River throwing

His giant body o’er the steep rock’s brink,

Back in astonishment and fear we shrink:

But, gradually a calmer look bestowing,

Flowers we espy beside the torrent growing;

5

Flowers that peep forth from many a cleft and chink,

And, from the whirlwind of his anger, drink

Hues ever fresh, in rocky fortress blowing:

They suck, from breath that threatening to destroy

Is more benignant than the dewy eve,

10

Beauty, and life, and motions as of joy:

Nor doubt but he to whom yon Pine-trees nod

Their heads in sign of worship, Nature’s God,

These humbler adorations will receive.

Scene

on the lake of brientz

“What know we of the Blest above

But that they sing and that they love?”

Yet, if they ever did inspire

A mortal hymn, or shaped the choir,

Now, where those harvest Damsels float

5

Homeward in their rugged Boat,

(While all the ruffling winds are fled,

Each slumbering on some mountain’s head,)

Now, surely, hath that gracious aid

Been felt, that influence is displayed.

10

Pupils of Heaven, in order stand

The rustic Maidens, every hand

Upon a Sister’s shoulder laid,—

To chaunt, as glides the boat along,

A simple, but a touching Song;

15

To chaunt, as Angels do above,

The melodies of Peace in Love!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 437

Engelberg

For gentlest uses, oft-times Nature takes

The work of Fancy from her willing hands;

And even such beautiful creation makes

As renders needless spells and magic wands,

And for the boldest tale belief commands.

5

When first my eyes beheld that famous Hill

The sacred engelberg, celestial Bands,

With intermingling motions soft and still,

Hung round its top, on wings that changed their hues at will.

Clouds do not name those Visitants; they were

10

The very Angels whose authentic lays,

Sung from that heavenly ground in middle air,

Made known the spot where Piety should raise

A holy Structure to the Almighty’s praise.

Resplendent Apparition! if in vain

15

My ears did listen, ’twas enough to gaze;

And watch the slow departure of the train,

Whose skirts the glowing Mountain thirsted to detain!

Our Lady of the Snow

Meek Virgin Mother, more benign

Than fairest Star upon the height

Of thy own mountain set to keep

Lone vigils thro’ the hours of sleep,

What eye can look upon thy shrine

5

Untroubled at the sight?

These crowded Offerings as they hang

In sign of misery relieved,

Even these, without intent of theirs,

Report of comfortless despairs,

10

Of many a deep and cureless pang

And confidence deceived.

  “ ‘Engelberg,’ the Hill of Angels, as the name implies. The Convent whose site was pointed

out, according to tradition, in this manner, is seated at its base. The Architecture of the

Building is unimpressive, but the situation is worthy of the honour which the imagination of

the Mountaineers has conferred upon it.” WW

2  “Mount Righi.” WW

438 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To Thee, in this aërial cleft,

As to a common centre, tend

All sufferings that no longer rest

15

On mortal succour, all distrest

That pine of human hope bereft,

Nor wish for earthly friend.

And hence, O Virgin Mother mild!

Tho’ plenteous flowers around thee blow,

20

Not only from the dreary strife

Of Winter, but the storms of life,

Thee have thy Votaries aptly styled

“Our Lady of the Snow.”

Even for the Man who stops not here,

25

But down the irriguous valley hies,

Thy very name, O Lady! flings,

O’er blooming fields and gushing springs,

A holy Shadow soft and dear

Of chastening sympathies!

30

Nor falls that intermingling shade

To Summer gladsomeness unkind,

It chastens only to requite

With gleams of fresher, purer, light;

While, o’er the flower-enamelled glade,

35

More sweetly breathes the wind.

But on!—a tempting downward way,

A verdant path before us lies;

Clear shines the glorious sun above;

Then give free course to joy and love,

40

Deeming the evil of the day

Sufficient for the wise.

Sonnet

the town of schwytz

By antique Fancy trimmed—tho’ lowly, bred

To dignity—in thee O schwytz! are seen

The genuine features of the golden mean;

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 439

Equality by Prudence governed,

Or jealous Nature ruling in her stead;

5

And, therefore, art thou blest with peace, serene

As that of the sweet fields and meadows green

In unambitious compass round thee spread!

Majestic berne, high on her guardian steep,

Holding a central station of command,

10

Might well by styled this noble Body’s head;

Thou, lodg’d ’mid mountainous entrenchments deep,

Its heart; and ever may the heroic Land

Thy name, O schwytz, in happy freedom keep!

Sonnet

on hearing the “ranz des vaches” on the top

of the pass of st. gothard

I listen—but no faculty of mine

Avails those modulations to detect,

Which, heard in foreign lands, the Swiss affect

With tenderest passion; leaving him to pine

(So fame reports) and die; his sweet-breath’d kine

5

Remembering, and green Alpine pastures deck’d

With vernal flowers. Yet may we not reject

The tale as fabulous.—Here while I recline

Mindful how others love this simple Strain,

Even here, upon this glorious Mountain (named

10

Of God himself from dread pre-eminence)

Aspiring thoughts by memory are reclaimed;

And, thro’ the Music’s touching influence,

The joys of distant home my heart enchain.

The Church of San Salvador, seen from the Lake of Lugano

Thou sacred Pile! whose turrets rise,

From yon steep Mountain’s loftiest stage,

Guarded by lone San Salvador;

  “ ‘Nearly 500 years (says Ebel, speaking of the French Invasion,) had elapsed, when, for

the first time, foreign Soldiers were seen upon the frontiers of this small Canton, to impose

upon it the laws of their Governors.’ ” WW cites Johann Gottfried Ebel,  The Traveller’s

Guide through Switzerland (London, 820)

2  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

440 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Sink (if thou must) as heretofore,

To sulphurous bolts a sacrifice,

5

But ne’er to human rage!

On Horeb’s top, on Sinai, deigned

To rest the universal Lord:

Why leap the fountains from their cells

Where everlasting Bounty dwells?

10

That, while the Creature is sustained,

His God may be adored.

Cliffs, fountains, rivers, seasons, times,

Let all remind the soul of heaven;

Our slack devotion needs them all;

15

And Faith, so oft of sense the thrall,

While she, by aid of Nature, climbs,

May hope to be forgiven.

I love, where spreads the village lawn,

Upon some knee-worn Cell to gaze;

20

Hail to the firm unmoving Cross,

Aloft, where pines their branches toss!

And to the Chapel far withdrawn,

That lurks by lonely ways!

Short-sighted Children of the dust

25

We live and move in sorrow’s power;

Extinguish that unblest disdain

That scorns the altar, mocks the fane,

Where patient Sufferers bend—in trust

To win a happier hour.

30

Glory, and patriotic Love,

And all the Pomps of this frail “spot

Which men call Earth,” have yearned to seek,

Associate with the simply meek,

Religion in the sainted grove,

35

And in the hallowed grot.

Thither, in time of adverse shocks,

Of fainting hopes and backward wills,

Did mighty Tell repair of old—

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 441

A Hero cast in Nature’s mould,

40

Deliverer of the steadfast rocks

And of the ancient hills!

He, too, of battle-martyrs chief!

Who, to recal his daunted peers,

For victory shaped an open space,

45

By gathering with a wide embrace,

Into his single heart, a sheaf

Of fatal Austrian spears.

Ye Alps, in many a rugged link

Far-stretched, and Thou, majestic Po,

50

Dimly from yon tall Mount descried,

Where’er I wander be my Guide,

Sweet Charity!—that bids us think,

And feel, if we would know!

Fort Fuentes—at the Head of the Lake of Como

Dread hour! when upheaved by war’s sulphurous blast,

This sweet-visaged Cherub of Parian stone

So far from the holy enclosure was cast,

To couch in this thicket of brambles alone;

To rest where the lizard may bask in the palm

5

Of his half-open hand pure from blemish or speck;

And the green, gilded snake, without troubling the calm

Of the beautiful countenance, twine round his neck.

Where haply (kind service to Piety due!)

When winter the grove of its mantle bereaves,

10

Some Bird (like our own honoured Redbreast) may strew

The desolate Slumberer with moss and with leaves.

fuentes once harboured the Good and the Brave,

Nor to her was the dance of soft pleasure unknown;

Her banners for festal enjoyment did wave

15

While the thrill of her fifes thro’ the mountains was blown:

Now gads the wild vine o’er the pathless Ascent—

  “ Arnold WInkelried, at the battle of Sempach, broke an Austrian phalanx in this manner.

The event is one of the most famous in the annals of Swiss heroism; and pictures and

prints of it are frequent throughout the country.” WW

442 The Poems of William Wordsworth

O silence of Nature, how deep is thy sway

When the whirlwind of human destruction is spent,

Our tumults appeased, and our strifes passed away!—

20

The Italian Itinerant, and the Swiss Goatherd

part i

1

Now that the farewell tear is dried,

Heaven prosper thee, be hope thy guide!

Hope be thy guide, adventurous Boy;

The wages of thy travel, joy!

Whether for London bound—to trill

5

Thy mountain notes with simple skill;

Or on thy head to poise a show

Of plaster-craft in seemly row;

The graceful form of milk-white steed,

Or Bird that soared with Ganymede;

10

Or thro’ our hamlets thou wilt bear

The sightless Milton, with his hair

Around his placid temples curled;

And Shakespear at his side—a freight,

If clay could think and mind were weight,

15

For him who bore the world!

Hope be thy guide, adventurous Boy;

The wages of thy travel, joy!

2

But thou, perhaps, (alert and free

Tho’ serving sage philosophy)

20

Wilt ramble over hill and dale,

A Vender of the well-wrought Scale

Whose sentient tube instructs to time

A purpose to a fickle clime:

Whether thou chuse this useful part,

25

Or minister to finer art,

Tho’ robbed of many a cherish’d dream,

And crossed by many a shatter’d scheme,

What stirring wonders wilt thou see

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 443

In the proud Isle of liberty!

30

Yet will the Wanderer sometimes pine

With thoughts which no delights can chase,

Recal a Sister’s last embrace,

His Mother’s neck entwine;

Nor shall forget the Maiden coy

35

That would have lov’d the bright-hair’d Boy!

3

My Song, encouraged by the grace

That beams from his ingenuous face,

For this Adventurer scruples not

To prophesy a golden lot;

40

Due recompence, and safe return

To como’s steeps—his happy bourne!

Where he, aloft in Garden glade,

Shall tend, with his own dark-eyed Maid,

The towering maize, and prop the twig

45

That ill supports the luscious fig;

Or feed his eye in paths sun-proof

With purple of the trellis-roof,

That thro’ the jealous leaves escapes

From Cadenabbia’s pendant grapes.

50

—Oh might he tempt that Goatherd-child

To share his wanderings! he whose look

Even yet my heart can scarcely brook,

So touchingly he smiled,

As with a rapture caught from heaven,

55

When Pity’s unasked alms were given.

part ii

1

With nodding plumes, and lightly drest

Like Foresters in leaf-green vest,

The Helvetian Mountaineers, on ground

For Tell’s dread archery renowned,

60

Before the Target stood—to claim

The guerdon of the steadiest aim.

Loud was the rifle-gun’s report,

444 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A startling thunder quick and short!

But, flying thro’ the heights around,

65

Echo prolonged a tell-tale sound

Of hearts and hands alike “prepared

The treasures they enjoy to guard!”

And, if there be a favoured hour

When Heroes are allowed to quit

70

The Tomb, and on the clouds to sit

With tutelary power,

On their Descendants shedding grace,

This was the hour, and that the place.

2

But Truth inspired the Bards of old

75

When of an iron age they told,

Which to unequal laws gave birth,

That drove Astræa from the earth.

—A gentle Boy—(perchance with blood

As noble as the best endued,

80

But seemingly a Thing despised;

Even by the sun and air unprized;

For not a tinge or flowery streak

Appeared upon his tender cheek,)

Heart-deaf to those rebounding notes

85

Of pleasure, by his silent Goats—

Sate far apart in forest shed,

Pale, ragged, bare his feet and head,

Mute as the snow upon the hill,

And, as the Saint he prays to, still.

90

Ah, what avails heroic deed?

What liberty? if no defence

Be won for feeble Innocence—

Father of All! if willful Man must read

His punishment in soul-distress,

95

Grant to the morn of life its natural blessedness!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 445

Sonnet

the last supper, by leonardo da vinci, in the refectory

of the convent of maria della grazia—milan

Tho’ searching damps and many an envious flaw

Have marr’d this Work, the calm etherial grace,

The love deep-seated in the Saviour’s face,

The mercy, goodness, have not failed to awe

The Elements; as they do melt and thaw

5

The heart of the Beholder—and erase

(At least for one rapt moment) every trace

Of disobedience to the primal law.

The annunciation of the dreadful truth

Made to the Twelve, survives; the brow, the cheek,

10

And hand reposing on the board in ruth

Of what it utters, while the unguilty seek

Unquestionable meanings, still bespeak

A labour worthy of eternal youth!

The Eclipse of the Sun, 1820

High on her speculative Tower

Stood Science waiting for the Hour

When Sol was destined to endure

That darkening of his radiant face

Which Superstition strove to chase,

5

Erewhile, with rites impure.

Afloat beneath Italian skies,

Thro’ regions fair as Paradise

We gaily passed,—till Nature wrought

A silent and unlooked-for change,

10

That checked the desultory range

Of joy and sprightly thought.

  “This picture of the Last Supper has not only been grievously injured by time, but parts

are said to have been painted over again. These niceties may be left to connoisseurs,—I

speak of it as I felt. The copy exhibited in London some years ago, and the engraving by

Morghen, are both admirable; but in the original is a power which neither of those works

has attained, or even approached.” WW

2  “ ‘The  hand  /  Sang  with  the  voice,  and  this  the  argument.’  MiLTon.”  WW  quotes  from Paradise Regain’d, I, ll. 7, 72.

446 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Where’er was dipped the toiling oar

The waves danced round us as before,

As lightly, tho’ of altered hue;

15

’Mid recent coolness, such as falls

At noon-tide from umbrageous walls

That screen the morning dew.

No vapour stretched its wings; no cloud

Cast far or near a murky shroud;

20

The sky an azure field displayed;

’Twas sun-light sheathed and gently charmed,

Of all its sparkling rays disarmed,

And as in slumber laid:—

Or something night and day between,

25

Like moon-shine—but the hue was green;

Still moon-shine, without shadow, spread

On jutting rock, and curved shore,

Where gazed the Peasant from his door,

And on the mountain’s head.

30

It tinged the Julian steeps—it lay

Upon Lugano’s ample bay;

The solemnizing veil was drawn

O’er Villas, Terraces, and Towers,

To Albogasio’s olive bowers,

35

Porlezza’s verdant lawn.

But Fancy, with the speed of fire,

Hath fled to Milan’s loftiest spire,

And there alights ’mid that aërial host

Of figures human and divine,

40

White as the snows of Apennine

Indùrated by frost.

Awe-stricken she beholds the array

That guards the Temple night and day;

Angels she sees that might from heaven have flown;

45

And Virgin Saints—who not in vain

Have striven by purity to gain

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 447

The beatific crown;

Far-stretching files, concentric rings

Each narrowing above each;—the wings—

50

The uplifted palms, the silent marble lips,

The starry zone of sovereign height,

All steeped in this portentous light!

All suffering dim eclipse!

Thus after Man had fallen, (if aught

55

These perishable spheres have wrought

May with that issue be compared)

Throngs of celestial visages,

Darkening like water in the breeze,

A holy sadness shared.

60

See! while I speak, the labouring Sun

His glad deliverance has begun:

The cypress waves its sombre plume

More cheerily; and Town and Tower,

The Vineyard and the Olive bower,

65

Their lustre re-assume!

Oh ye, who guard and grace my Home

While in far-distant Lands we roam,

Enquiring thoughts are turned to you;

Does a clear ether meet your eyes?

70

Or have black vapours hid the skies

And mountains from your view?

I ask in vain—and know far less

If sickness, sorrow, or distress

Have spared my Dwelling to this hour:

75

Sad blindness! but ordained to prove

Our Faith in Heaven’s unfailing love

And all-controlling Power.

The Three Cottage Girls

1

How blest the Maid whose heart—yet free

448 The Poems of William Wordsworth

From Love’s uneasy sovereignty,

Beats with a fancy running high

Her simple cares to magnify;

Whom Labour, never urged to toil,

5

Hath cherished on a healthful soil;

Who knows not pomp, who heeds not pelf;

Whose heaviest sin it is to look

Askance upon her pretty Self

Reflected in some crystal brook;

10

Whom grief hath spared—who sheds no tear

But in sweet pity; and can hear

Another’s praise from envy clear.

2

Such, (but O lavish Nature! why

That dark unfathomable eye,

15

Where lurks a Spirit that replies

To stillest mood of softest skies,

Yet hints at peace to be o’erthrown,

Another’s—first, and then her own?)

Such, haply, yon italian Maid,

20

Our Lady’s laggard Votaress,

Halting beneath the chesnut shade

To accomplish there her loveliness:

Nice aid maternal fingers lend;

A Sister serves with slacker hand;

25

Then, glittering like a star, she joins the festal band.

3

How blest (if truth may entertain

Coy fancy with a bolder strain)

The helvetian Girl—who daily braves,

In her light skiff, the tossing waves,

30

And quits the bosom of the deep

Only to climb the rugged steep!

—Say whence that modulated shout?

From Wood-nymph of Diana’s throng?

Or does the greeting to a rout

35

Of giddy Bacchanals belong?

Jubilant outcry!—rock and glade

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 449

Resounded—but the voice obeyed

The breath of an Helvetian Maid.

4

Her beauty dazzles the thick wood;

40

Her courage animates the flood;

Her step the elastic green-sward meets

Returning unreluctant sweets;

The mountains (as ye heard) rejoice

Aloud, saluted by her voice!

45

Blithe Paragon of Alpine grace,

Be as thou art—for through thy veins

The Blood of Heroes runs its race!

And nobly wilt thou brook the chains

That, for the virtuous, Life prepares;

50

The fetters which the Matron wears;

The Patriot Mother’s weight of anxious cares!

5

“Sweet Highland Girl! a very shower

Of beauty was thy earthly dower,”

When Thou didst pass before my eyes,

55

Gay Vision under sullen skies,

While Hope and Love around thee played

Near the rough Falls of Inversneyd!

Time cannot thin thy flowing hair,

Nor take one ray of light from Thee;

60

For in my Fancy thou dost share

The gift of Immortality;

And there shall bloom, with Thee allied,

The Votaress by Lugano’s side;

And that intrepid Nymph, on Uri’s steep, descried!

65

Sonnet

the column intended by buonaparte for a triumphal edifice in milan, now

lying by the way-side on the semplon pass

Ambition, following down this far-famed slope

  WW’s note cites his earlier poem To a Highland Girl, from which these two lines are quoted (see vol.  of this edition).

450 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Her Pioneer, the snow-dissolving Sun,

While clarions prate of Kingdoms to be won,

Perchance, in future ages, here may stop;

Taught to mistrust her flattering horoscope

5

By admonition from this prostrate Stone;

Memento uninscribed of Pride o’erthrown,

Vanity’s hieroglyphic;—a choice trope

In fortune’s rhetoric. Daughter of the Rock,

Rest where thy course was stayed by Power Divine!

10

The Soul transported sees, from hint of thine,

Crimes which the great Avenger’s hand provoke,

Hears combats whistling o’er the ensanguin’d heath:

What groans! what shrieks! what quietness in death!

Stanzas

composed in the semplon pass

Vallombrosa! I longed in thy shadiest wood

To slumber, reclined on the moss-covered floor,

To listen to anio’s precipitous flood,

When the stillness of evening hath softened its roar;

To range thro’ the Temples of pæstum, to muse

5

In pompeii, preserved by her burial in earth,

On pictures to gaze, where they drank in their hues;

And murmur sweet Songs on the ground of their birth!

The beauty of Florence, the grandeur of Rome,

Could I leave them unseen and not yield to regret?

10

With a hope (and no more) for a season to come,

Which ne’er may discharge the magnificent debt?

Thou fortunate Region! whose Greatness inurned,

Awoke to new life from its ashes and dust;

Twice-glorified field! if in sadness I turned

15

From your infinite marvels, the sadness was just.

Now, risen ere the light-footed Chamois retires

From dew-sprinkled grass to heights guarded with snow,

Tow’rd the mists that hang over the land of my Sires,

From the climate of myrtles contented I go.

20

My thoughts become bright, like yon edging of Pine,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 451

Black fringe to a precipice lofty and bare,

Which, as from behind the Sun strikes it, doth shine,

With threads that seem part of his own silver hair.

Tho’ the burthen of toil with dear friends we divide,

25

Tho’ by the same zephyr our temples are fann’d,

As we rest in the cool orange-bower side by side,

A yearning survives which few hearts shall withstand:

Each step hath its value while homeward we move;—

O joy when the girdle of England appears!

30

What moment in life is so conscious of love,

So rich in the tenderest sweetness of tears?

Sonnet

echo, upon the gemmi

What Beast of Chase hath broken from the cover?

Stern gemmi listens to as full a cry,

As multitudinous a harmony,

As e’er did ring the heights of Latmos over,

When, from the soft couch of her sleeping Lover,

5

Up-starting, Cynthia skimmed the mountain-dew

In keen pursuit—and gave, where’er she flew,

Impetuous motion to the Stars above her.

A solitary Wolf-dog, ranging on

Thro’ the bleak concave, wakes this wondrous chime

10

Of aëry voices locked in unison,—

Faints—far off—near—deep—solemn and sublime!

So, from the body of a single deed,

A thousand ghostly fears, and haunting thoughts, proceed!

Processions

suggested on a sabbath morning in the vale of chamouny

To appease the Gods; or public thanks to yield;

Or to solicit knowledge of events,

Which in her breast futurity concealed;

And that the past might have its true intents

Feelingly told by living monuments;

5

Mankind of yore were prompted to devise

452 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Rites such as yet Persepolis presents

Graven on her cankered walls,—solemnities

That moved in long array before admiring eyes.

The Hebrews, thus, carrying in joyful state

10

Thick boughs of palm, and willows from the brook,

Marched around the Altar—to commemorate

How, when their course they thro’ the desart took,

Guided by signs which ne’er the sky forsook,

They lodged in leafy tents and cabins low;

15

Green boughs were borne, while for the blast that shook

Down to the earth the walls of Jericho,

They uttered loud hosannas,—let the trumpets blow!

And thus, in order, ’mid the sacred Grove

Fed in the Libyan Waste by gushing wells,

20

The Priests and Damsels of Ammonian Jove

Provoked responses with shrill canticles;

While, in a Ship begirt with silver bells,

They round his altar bore the horned God,

Old Cham, the solar Deity, who dwells

25

Aloft, yet in a tilting Vessel rode,

When universal sea the mountains overflowed.

Why speak of Roman Pomps? the haughty claims

Of Chiefs triumphant after ruthless wars;

The feast of Neptune—and the Cereal Games,

30

With Images, and Crowns, and empty Cars;

The dancing Salii—on the shields of Mars

Striking with fury; and the deeper dread

Scattered on all sides by the hideous jars

Of Corybantian cymbals, while the head

35

Of Cybele was seen, sublimely turreted!

At length a Spirit more subdued and soft

Appeared, to govern Christian pageantries:

The Cross, in calm procession, borne aloft

Moved to the chaunt of sober litanies.

40

Even such, this day, came wafted on the breeze

From a long train—in hooded vestments fair

Enwrapt—and winding, between Alpine trees

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 453

Spiry and dark, around their House of Prayer

Below the icy bed of bright argentière.

45

But O the fairest pageant of a dream

Did never equal that which met our eyes!

The glacier Pillars with the living Stream

Of white-robed Shapes, seemed linked in solemn guise,

For the same service, by mysterious ties;

50

Numbers exceeding credible account

Of number, stood like spotless Votaries

Prepared to issue from a wintry fount;

The impenetrable heart of that exalted Mount!

They, too, who sent so far a holy gleam

55

While they the Church engirt with motion slow,

A product of that awful Mount did seem,

Poured from his vaults of everlasting snow;

Not virgin-lilies marshalled in bright row,

Not swans descending with the stealthy tide,

60

A livelier sisterly resemblance show

Than the fair Forms, that on the turf did glide,

To that unmoving band—the Shapes aloft descried!

Trembling, I look upon the secret springs

Of that licentious craving in the mind

65

To act the God among external things,

To bind, on apt suggestion, and unbind;

And marvel not that antique Faith inclined

To crowd the world with metamorphosis,

Vouchsafed in pity or in wrath assigned:

70

Such insolent temptations wouldst thou miss,

Avoid these sights; nor brood o’er Fable’s dark abyss!

  “This  Procession  is  a  part  of  the  sacramental  service  performed  once  a  month.  In  the Valley of Engelberg we had the good fortune to be present at the Grand Festival of the

Virgin—but the Procession on that day, though consisting of upwards of 000 Persons,

assembled from all the branches of the sequestered Valley, was much less striking (nor-

withstanding the sublimity of the surrounding scenery): it wanted both the simplicity of the

other and the accompaniment of the Glacier-columns, whose sisterly resemblance to the

moving Figures gave it a most beautiful and solemn peculiarity.” WW

454 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Elegiac Stanzas

On arriving at Lausanne, we heard of the fate of the young American, whose

death is here lamented. He had been our companion for three days; and we

separated upon Mount Righi with mutual hope of meeting again in the course

of our Tour. goldau, mentioned towards the conclusion of this Piece, is a

Village at the foot of Mount Righi, one of those overwhelmed by a mass

which fell from the side of the mountain rossberg, a few years ago.

Lulled by the sound of pastoral bells,

Rude Nature’s Pilgrims did we go,

From the dread summit of the Queen

Of Mountains, through a deep ravine,

Where, in her holy Chapel, dwells

5

“Our Lady of the Snow.”

The sky was blue, the aid was mild;

Free were the streams and green the bowers;

As if, to rough assaults unknown,

The genial spot had ever shown

10

A countenance that sweetly smiled,

The face of summer-hours.

And we were gay, our hearts at ease,

With pleasure dancing through the frame;

All that we knew of lively care,

15

Our path that straggled here and there,

Of trouble—but the fluttering breeze,

Of Winter—but a name.

—If foresight could have rent the veil

Of three short days—but hush—no more!

20

Calm is the grave, and calmer none

Than that to which thy cares are gone,

Thou Victim of the stormy gale,

Asleep on zurich’s shore!

Oh goddard! what art thou?—a name—

25

A sunbeam followed by a shade!

Nor more, for aught that time supplies,

The great, the experienced, and the wise;

Too much from this frail earth we claim,

And therefore are betrayed.

30

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 455

We met, while festive mirth ran wild,

Where, from a deep Lake’s mighty urn,

Forth slips, like an enfranchised Slave,

A sea-green River, proud to lave,

With current swift and undefiled,

35

The Towers of old lucerne.

We parted upon solemn ground

Far-lifted tow’rds the unfading sky;

But all our thoughts were then of Earth

That gives to common pleasures birth;

40

And nothing in our hearts we found

That prompted even a sigh.

Fetch, sympathizing Powers of air,

Fetch, ye that post o’er seas and lands,

Herbs moistened by Virginian dew,

45

A most untimely sod to strew,

That lacks the ornamental care

Of kindred human hands!

Beloved by every gentle Muse

He left his Trans-atlantic home:

50

Europe, a realized romance,

Had opened on his eager glance;

What present bliss!—what golden views!

What stores for years to come!

Though lodged within no vigorous frame,

55

His soul her daily tasks renewed,

Blithe as the lark on sun-gilt wings

High poised—or as the wren that sings

In shady places, to proclaim

Her modest gratitude.

60

Not vain is sadly-uttered praise;

The words of truth’s memorial vow

Are sweet as morning fragrance shed

From flowers ’mid goldau’s ruins bred;

Sweet as Eve’s fondly-lingering rays,

65

On righi’s silent brow.

456 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And, when thy Mother weeps for Thee,

Lost Youth! a solitary Mother;

This tribute from a casual Friend

A not unwelcome aid may lend,

70

To feed the tender luxury,

The rising pang to smother.

Sonnet

sky-prospect—from the plain of france

Lo! in the burning West, the craggy nape

Of a proud Ararat! and, thereupon,

The Ark, her melancholy voyage done!

Yon rampant Cloud mimics a Lion’s shape;

There, combats a huge Crocodile—agape

5

A golden spear to swallow! and that brown

And massy Grove, so near yon blazing Town,

Stirs—and recedes—destruction to escape!

Yet all is harmless as the Elysian shades

Where Spirits dwell in undisturb’d repose,

10

Silently disappears, or quickly fades;—

Meek Nature’s evening comment on the shows

That for oblivion take their daily birth,

From all the fuming vanities of Earth!

Sonnet

on being stranded near the harbour of boulogne

Why cast ye back upon the Gallic shore,

Ye furious waves! a patriotic Son

Of England—who in hope her coast had won,

His project crowned, his pleasant travel o’er?

Well—let him pace this noted beach once more,

5

That gave the Roman his triumphal shells;

That saw the Corsican his cap and bells

Haughtily shake—a dreaming Conqueror!

Enough; my Country’s Cliffs I can behold,

And proudly think, beside the murmuring sea,

10

Of checked Ambition—Tyranny controuled,

And Folly cursed with endless memory:

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 457

These local recollections ne’er can cloy;

Such ground I from my very heart enjoy!

Sonnet

after landing—the valley of dover

nov. 1820

Where be the noisy followers of the game

Which Faction breeds? the turmoil where? that past

Thro’ Europe, echoing from the Newsman’s blast,

And filled our hearts with grief for England’s shame.

Peace greets us;—rambling on without an aim

5

We mark majestic herds of Cattle free

To ruminate—couched on the grassy lea,

And hear far-off the mellow horn proclaim

The Season’s harmless pastime. Ruder sound

Stirs not; enwrapt I gaze—with strange delight,

10

While consciousnesses, not to be disowned,

Here only serve a feeling to invite

That lifts the Spirit to a calmer height,

And makes the rural stillness more profound.

To Enterprize

Keep for the Young the empassioned smile

Shed from thy countenance, as I see thee stand

High on a chalky cliff of Britain’s Isle,

A slender Volume grasping in thy hand—

(Perchance the pages that relate

5

The various turns of Crusoe’s fate)

Ah, spare the exulting smile,

And drop thy pointing finger bright

As the first flash of beacon-light;

But neither veil thy head in shadows dim,

10

Nor turn thy face away

From One who, in the evening of his day,

To thee would offer no presumptuous hymn!

  “This is a most grateful sight for an Englishman returning to his native land. Every where

one misses, in the cultivated scenery abroad, the animating and soothing accompaniment

of animals ranging and selecting their own food at will.” WW

2  “ ‘The Italian Itinerant,’ &c. . . . led to the train of thought which produced the annexed piece.” WW refers to  The Italian Itinerant, and the Swiss Goatherd, above.

458 The Poems of William Wordsworth

i

Bold Spirit! who art free to rove

Among the starry courts of Jove,

15

And oft in splendour dost appear

Embodied to poetic eyes,

While traversing this nether sphere,

Where Mortals call thee enterprize.

Daughter of Hope! her favourite Child,

20

Whom she to young Ambition bore,

When Hunter’s arrow first defiled

The Grove, and stained the turf with gore;

Thee winged Fancy took, and nursed

On broad Euphrates’ palmy shore,

25

Or where the mightier Waters burst

From Caves of Indian mountains hoar!

She wrapp’d thee in a Panther’s skin;

And thou (if rightly I rehearse

What wondering Shepherds told in verse)

30

From rocky fortress in mid air

(The food which pleased thee best to win)

Didst oft the flame-eyed Eagle scare

With infant shout,—as often sweep,

Paired with the Ostrich, o’er the plain;

35

And, tired with sport, wouldst sink asleep

Upon the couchant Lion’s mane!

With rolling years thy strength increased;

And, far beyond thy native East,

To thee, by varying titles known,

40

As variously thy power was shown,

Did incense-bearing Altars rise,

Which caught the blaze of sacrifice,

From Suppliants panting for the skies!

ii

What though this ancient Earth be trod

45

No more by step of Demi-god,

Mounting from glorious deed to deed

As thou from clime to clime didst lead,

Yet still, the bosom beating high,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 459

And the hushed farewell of an eye

50

Where no procrastinating gaze

A last infirmity betrays,

Prove that thy heaven-descended sway

Shall ne’er submit to cold decay.

By thy divinity impelled,

55

The Stripling seeks the tented field;

The aspiring Virgin kneels; and, pale

With awe, receives the hallowed veil,

A soft and tender Heroine

Vowed to severer discipline;

60

Enflamed by thee, the blooming Boy

Makes of the whistling shrouds a toy,

And of the Ocean’s dismal breast

A play-ground and a couch of rest;

Thou to his dangers dost enchain,

65

’Mid the blank world of snow and ice,

The Chamois-chaser—awed in vain

By chasm or dizzy precipice;

And hast Thou not with triumph seen

How soaring Mortals glide serene

70

From cloud to cloud, and brave the light

With bolder than Icarian flight?

Or, in their bells of crystal, dive

Where winds and waters cease to strive,

For no unholy visitings,

75

Among the monsters of the Deep,

And all the sad and precious things

Which there in ghastly silence sleep?

—Within our fearless reach are placed

The secrets of the burning Waste,—

80

Egyptian Tombs unlock their Dead,

Nile trembles at his fountain head;

Thou speak’st—and lo! the polar Seas

Unbosom their last mysteries.

—But oh! what transports, what sublime reward,

85

Won from the world of mind, dost thou prepare

For philosophic Sage—or high-souled Bard

Who, for thy service trained in lonely woods,

460 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Hath fed on pageants floating thro’ the air,

Or calentured in depth of limpid floods;

90

Nor grieves—tho’ doomed, thro’ silent night, to bear

The domination of his glorious themes,

Or struggle in the net-work of thy dreams!

iii

Dread Minister of wrath!

Who to their destined punishment dost urge

95

The Pharaohs of the earth, the men of hardened heart!

Not unassisted by the flattering stars,

Thou strew’st temptation o’er the path

When they in pomp depart,

With trampling horses and refulgent cars—

100

Soon to be swallowed by the briny surge;

Or cast, for lingering death, on unknown strands;

Or stifled under weight of desart sands—

An Army now, and now a living hill

Heaving with convulsive throes,—

105

It quivers—and is still;

Or to forget their madness and their woes,

Wrapt in a winding-sheet of spotless snows!

iv

Back flows the willing current of my Song:

If to provoke such doom the Impious dare,

110

Why should it daunt a blameless prayer?

—Bold Goddess! range our Youth among;

Nor let thy genuine impulse fail to beat

In hearts no longer young;

Still may a veteran Few have pride

115

In thoughts whose sternness makes them sweet;

In fixed resolves by reason justified;

That to their object cleave like sleet

Whitening a pine-tree’s northern side,

While fields are naked far and wide.

120

                                                 “ ‘While the living hill

  Heaved with convulsive throes and all was still.’—

Dr. Darwin, describing the destruction of the army of Cambyses.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 461

v

But, if such homage thou disdain

As doth with mellowing years agree,

One rarely absent from thy Train

More humble favours may obtain

For thy contented Votary.

125

She, who incites the frolic lambs

In presence of their heedless dams,

And to the solitary fawn

Vouchsafes her lessons—bounteous Nymph

That wakes the breeze—the sparkling lymph

130

Doth hurry to the lawn;

She, who inspires that strain of joyance holy

Which the sweet Bird, misnamed the melancholy,

Pours forth in shady groves, shall plead for me;

And vernal mornings opening bright

135

With views of undefined delight,

And cheerful songs, and suns that shine

On busy days, with thankful nights, be mine.

vi

But thou, O Goddess! in thy favourite Isle

(Freedom’s impregnable redoubt,

140

The wide Earth’s store-house fenced about

With breakers roaring to the gales

That stretch a thousand thousand sails)

Quicken the Slothful, and exalt the Vile!

Thy impulse is the life of Fame;

145

Glad Hope would almost cease to be

If torn from thy society;

And Love, when worthiest of the name,

Is proud to walk the Earth with thee!

462 The Poems of William Wordsworth

[Poems not included in series as first published]

Desultory Stanzas

upon receiving the preceding sheets from the press

i

Is then the final page before me spread,

Nor further outlet left to mind or heart?

Presumptuous Book! too forward to be read—

How can I give thee licence to depart?

One tribute more;—unbidden feelings start

5

Forth from their coverts—slighted objects rise—

My Spirit is the scene of such wild art

As on Parnassus rules, when lightning flies,

Visibly leading on the thunder’s harmonies.

ii

All that I saw returns upon my view,

10

All that I heard comes back upon my ear,

All that I felt this moment doth renew;

And where the foot with no unmanly fear

Recoil’d—and wings alone could travel—there

I move at ease, and meet contending themes

15

That press upon me, crossing the career

Of recollections vivid as the dreams

Of midnight,—cities—plains—forests—and mighty streams!

iii

Where mortal never breathed I dare to sit

Among the interior Alps, gigantic crew,

20

Who triumphed o’er diluvian power!—and yet

What are they but a wreck and residue,

Whose only business is to perish?—true

To which sad course, these wrinkled Sons of Time

Labour their proper greatness to subdue;

25

Speaking of death alone, beneath a clime

Where life and rapture flow in plenitude sublime.

iv

Fancy hath flung for me an airy bridge

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 463

Across thy long deep Valley, furious Rhone!

Arch that here rests upon the granite ridge

30

Of Monte Rosa— there, on frailer stone

Of secondary birth—the Jung-frau’s cone;

And, from that arch down-looking on the Vale,

The aspect I behold of every zone;

A sea of foliage tossing with the gale,

35

Blithe Autumn’s purple crown, and Winter’s icy mail!

v

Far as st. maurice, from yon eastern forks,

Down the main avenue my sight can range:

And all its branchy vales, and all that lurks

Within them, church, and town, and hut, and grange,

40

For my enjoyment meet in vision strange;

Snows—torrents;—to the region’s utmost bound,

Life, Death, in amicable interchange—

But list! the avalanche—heart-striking sound!

Tumult by prompt repose and awful silence crown’d!

45

vi

Is not the Chamois suited to his place?

The Eagle worthy of her ancestry?

—Let Empires fall; but ne’er shall Ye disgrace

Your noble birthright, Ye that occupy

Your Council-seats beneath the open sky,

50

On Sarnen’s Mount, there judge of fit and right,

In simple democratic majesty;

Soft breezes fanning your rough brows—the might

And purity of nature spread before your sight!

  “Les Fourches, the point at which the two chains of mountains part, that enclose the Valais, which terminates at sT. Maurice.” WW

2  “Sarnen, one of the two Capitals of the Canton of Underwalden; the spot here alluded to is

close to the town, and is called the Landenberg, from the Tyrant of that name, whose cha-

teau formerly stood there. On the st of Jan. 308, the great day which the confederated

Heroes had chosen for the deliverance of their Country, all the Castles of the Governors

were  taken  by  force  or  stratagem;  and  the  Tyrants  themselves  conducted,  with  their Creatures, to the frontiers, after having witnessed the destruction of their Strong-holds.

From that time the Landenberg has been the place where the Legislators of this division

of the Canton assemble. The scite, which is well described by Ebel, is one of the most

beautiful in Switzerland.” WW

464 The Poems of William Wordsworth

vii

From this appropriate Court, renown’d lucerne

55

Leads me to pace her honoured Bridge—that cheers

The Patriot’s heart with Pictures rude and stern,

An uncouth Chronicle of glorious years.

Like portraiture, from loftier source, endears

That work of kindred frame, which spans the Lake

60

Just at the point of issue, where it fears

The form and motion of a Stream to take;

Where it begins to stir, yet voiceless as a Snake.

viii

Volumes of sound, from the Cathedral roll’d,

This long-roofed Vista penetrate—but see,

65

One after one, its Tablets, that unfold

The whole design of Scripture history;

From the first tasting of the fatal Tree,

Till the bright Star appeared in eastern skies,

Announcing one was born Mankind to free;

70

His acts, his wrongs, his final sacrifice;

Lessons for every heart, a Bible for all eyes.

ix

Our pride misleads, our timid likings kill.

—Long may these homely Works devised of old,

These simple Efforts of Helvetian skill,

75

Aid, with congenial influence, to uphold

The State,—the Country’s destiny to mould;

Turning, for them who pass, the common dust

Of servile opportunity to gold;

Filling the soul with sentiments august—

80

The beautiful, the brave, the holy, and the just!

x

And those surrounding Mountains—but no more;

Time creepeth softly as the liquid flood;

Life slips from underneath us, like the floor

Of that wide rainbow-arch whereon we stood,

85

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 465

Earth stretched below, Heaven in our neighbourhood.

Go forth, my little Book! pursue thy way;

Go forth, and please the gentle and the good;

Nor be a whisper stifled, if it say

That treasures, yet untouched, may grace some future Lay.

90

Effusion

in presence of the painted tower of tell, at altorf

This Tower is said to stand upon the spot where grew the Linden Tree against

which his Son was placed, when the Father’s archery was put to proof under

circumstances so famous in Swiss History.

What though the Italian pencil wrought not here,

Nor such fine skill as did the meed bestow

On Marathonian valour, yet the tear

Springs forth in presence of this gaudy show,

While narrow cares their limits overflow.

5

Thrice happy, Burghers, Peasants, Warriors old,

Infants in arms, and Ye, that as ye go

Home-ward or School-ward, ape what ye behold;

Heroes before your time, in frolic fancy bold!

But when that calm Spectatress from on high

10

Looks down—the bright and solitary Moon,

Who never gazes but to beautify;

And snow-fed torrents, which the blaze of noon

Roused into fury, murmur a soft tune

That fosters peace, and gentleness recals;

15

Then might the passing Monk receive a boon

Of saintly pleasure from these pictured walls,

While, on the warlike groups, the mellowing lustre falls.

How blest the souls who when their trials come

Yield not to terror or despondency,

20

But face like that sweet Boy their mortal doom,

Whose head the ruddy Apple tops, while he

Expectant stands beneath the linden tree,

Not quaking like the timid forest game;

He smiles—the hesitating shaft to free,

25

466 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Assured that Heaven its justice will proclaim,

And to his Father give its own unerring aim.

Composed in one of the Catholic Cantons of Switzerland

Doomed as we are our native dust

To wet with many a bitter shower,

It ill befits us to disdain

The Altar, to deride the Fane,

Where patient Sufferers bend, in trust

5

To win a happier hour.

I love, where spreads the village lawn,

Upon some knee-worn Cell to gaze;

Hail to the firm unmoving Cross,

Aloft, where pines their branches toss!

10

And to the Chapel far withdrawn,

That lurks by lonely ways!

Where’er we roam—along the brink

Of Rhine—or by the sweeping Po,

Through Alpine vale, or champain wide,

15

Whate’er we look on, at our side

Be Charity!—to bid us think,

And feel, if we would know.

After-thought

Oh Life! without thy chequered scene

Of right and wrong, of weal and woe,

Success and failure, could a ground

For magnanimity be found;

For faith, ’mid ruined hopes, serene?

5

Or whence could virtue flow?

Pain entered through a ghastly breach—

Nor while sin lasts must effort cease;

Heaven upon earth’s an empty boast;

But, for the bowers of Eden lost,

10

Mercy has placed within our reach

A portion of God’s peace.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 467

Incident at Brugès

In Brugès town is many a street

Whence busy life hath fled;

Where, without hurry, noiseless feet

The grass-grown pavement tread.

There heard we, halting in the shade

5

Flung from a Convent-tower,

A harp that tuneful prelude made

To a voice of thrilling power.

The measure, simple truth to tell,

Was fit for some gay throng;

10

Though from the same grim turret fell

The shadow and the song.

When silent were both voice and chords

The strain seemed doubly dear,

Yet sad as sweet, for English words

15

Had fallen upon the ear.

It was a breezy hour of eve;

And pinnacle and spire

Quivered and seemed almost to heave,

Clothed with innocuous fire;

20

But where we stood, the setting sun

Showed little of his state;

And, if the glory reached the Nun,

’Twas through an iron grate.

Not always is the heart unwise,

25

Nor pity idly born,

If even a passing Stranger sighs

For them who do not mourn.

Sad is thy doom, self-solaced dove,

Captive, whoe’er thou be!

30

Oh! what is beauty, what is love,

And opening life to thee?

Such feeling pressed upon my soul,

A feeling sanctified

By one soft trickling tear that stole

35

From the Maiden at my side;

468 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Less tribute could she pay than this,

Borne gaily o’er the sea,

Fresh from the beauty and the bliss

Of English liberty?

40

At Dover

From the Pier’s head, musing—and with increase

Of wonder, long I watched this sea-side Town,

Under the white cliff’s battlemented crown,

Hushed to a depth of more than Sabbath peace.

How strange, methought, this orderly release

5

From social noise—quiet elsewhere unknown!

A Spirit whispered, “Doth not Ocean drown

Trivial in solemn sounds? Let wonder cease.

His overpowering murmurs have set free

Thy sense from pressure of life’s common din;

10

As the dread voice that speaks from out the sea

Of God’s eternal Word, the voice of Time

Deadens—the shocks of tumult, shrieks of crime,

The shouts of folly, and the groans of sin.”

469

Yarrow Revisited, and Other Poems, Composed

(two excepted) during a Tour in Scotland, and on the

English Border, in the Autumn of 1831

Yarrow Revisited

[The following Stanzas are a memorial of a day passed with Sir Walter Scott,

and other Friends visiting the Banks of the Yarrow under his guidance, imme-

diately before his departure from Abbotsford, for Naples.

The title Yarrow Revisited will stand in no need of explanation, for Readers

acquainted with the Author’s previous poems suggested by that celebrated

Stream.]

The gallant Youth, who may have gained,

Or seeks, a “Winsome Marrow,”

Was but an Infant in the lap

When first I looked on Yarrow;

Once more, by Newark’s Castle-gate

5

Long left without a Warder,

I stood, looked, listened, and with Thee,

Great Minstrel of the Border!

Grave thoughts ruled wide on that sweet day,

Their dignity installing

10

In gentle bosoms, while sere leaves

Were on the bough, or falling;

But breezes played, and sunshine gleamed—

The forest to embolden;

Reddened the fiery hues, and shot

15

Transparence through the golden.

For busy thoughts the Stream flowed on

In foamy agitation;

And slept in many a crystal pool

For quiet contemplation:

20

No public and no private care

The freeborn mind enthralling,

1 WW’s notes all appeared in the first edition of the series in 1835. For the sources of the

reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, 1820–

1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 48–488, and 525–536.

2  See  Yarrow Unvisited and  Yarrow Visited, in vols.  and 2, respectively, of this edition.

470 The Poems of William Wordsworth

We made a day of happy hours,

Our happy days recalling.

Brisk Youth appeared, the Morn of youth,

25

With freaks of graceful folly,—

Life’s temperate Noon, her sober Eve,

Her Night not melancholy,

Past, present, future, all appeared

In harmony united,

30

Like guests that meet, and some from far,

By cordial love invited.

And if, as Yarrow, through the woods

And down the meadow ranging,

Did meet us with unaltered face,

35

Though we were changed and changing;

If, then, some natural shadows spread

Our inward prospect over,

The soul’s deep valley was not slow

Its brightness to recover.

40

Eternal blessings on the Muse,

And her divine employment!

The blameless Muse, who trains her Sons

For hope and calm enjoyment;

Albeit sickness lingering yet

45

Has o’er their pillow brooded;

And Care waylay their steps—a Sprite

Not easily eluded.

For thee, O scott! compelled to change

Green Eildon-hill and Cheviot

50

For warm Vesuvio’s vine-clad slopes;

And leave thy Tweed and Teviot

For mild Sorento’s breezy waves;

May classic Fancy, linking

With native Fancy her fresh aid,

55

Preserve thy heart from sinking!

O ! while they minister to thee,

Each vying with the other,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 471

May Health return to mellow Age,

With Strength, her venturous brother;

60

And Tiber, and each brook and rill

Renowned in song and story,

With unimagined beauty shine,

Nor lose one ray of glory!

For Thou, upon a hundred streams,

65

By tales of love and sorrow,

Of faithful love, undaunted truth,

Hast shed the power of Yarrow;

And streams unknown, hills yet unseen,

Where’er thy path invite thee,

70

At parent Nature’s grateful call,

With gladness must requite Thee.

A gracious welcome shall be thine,

Such looks of love and honour

As thy own Yarrow gave to me

75

When first I gazed upon her;

Beheld what I had feared to see,

Unwilling to surrender

Dreams treasured up from early days,

The holy and the tender.

80

And what, for this frail world, were all

That mortals do or suffer,

Did no responsive harp, no pen,

Memorial tribute offer?

Yea, what were mighty Nature’s self?

85

Her features, could they win us,

Unhelped by the poetic voice

That hourly speaks within us?

Nor deem that localised Romance

Plays false with our affections;

90

Unsanctifies our tears—made sport

For fanciful dejections:

Ah, no! the visions of the past

Sustain the heart in feeling

Life as she is—our changeful Life,

95

472 The Poems of William Wordsworth

With friends and kindred dealing.

Bear witness, Ye, whose thoughts that day

In Yarrow’s groves were center’d;

Who through the silent portal arch

Of mouldering Newark enter’d.

100

And clomb the winding stair that once

Too timidly was mounted

By the “last Minstrel,” (not the last)

Ere he his Tale recounted!

Flow on for ever, Yarrow Stream!

105

Fulfil thy pensive duty,

Well pleased that future Bards should chant

For simple hearts thy beauty,

To dream-light dear while yet unseen,

Dear to the common sunshine,

110

And dearer still, as now I feel,

To memory’s shadowy moonshine!

I

on the departure of sir walter scott from abbotsford, for naples

A trouble, not of clouds, or weeping rain,

Nor of the setting sun’s pathetic light

Engendered, hangs o’er Eildon’s triple height:

Spirits of Power, assembled there, complain

For kindred Power departing from their sight;

5

While Tweed, best pleased in chanting a blithe strain,

Saddens his voice again, and yet again.

Lift up your hearts, ye Mourners! for the might

Of the whole world’s good wishes with him goes;

Blessings and prayers in nobler retinue

10

Than sceptred King or laurelled Conqueror knows,

Follow this wondrous Potentate. Be true,

Ye winds of ocean, and the midland sea,

Wafting your Charge to soft Parthenope!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 473

II

a place of burial in the south of scotland

Part fenced by man, part by a rugged steep

That curbs a foaming brook, a Grave-yard lies;

The Hare’s best couching-place for fearless sleep;

Which moonlit Elves, far seen by credulous eyes,

Enter in dance. Of Church, or Sabbath ties,

5

No vestige now remains; yet thither creep

Bereft Ones, and in lowly anguish weep

Their prayers out to the wind and naked skies.

Proud tomb is none; but rudely-sculptured knights,

By humble choice of plain old times, are seen

10

Level with earth, among the hillocks green:

Union not sad, when sunny daybreak smites

The spangled turf, and neighbouring thickets ring

With jubilate from the choirs of spring!

III

on the sight of a manse in the south of scotland

Say, ye far-travelled clouds, far-seeing hills,

Among the happiest-looking Homes of men

Scatter’d all Britain over, through deep glen,

On airy upland, and by forest rills,

And o’er wide plains whereon the sky distils

5

Her lark’s loved warblings; does aught meet your ken

More fit to animate the Poet’s pen,

Aught that more surely by its aspect fills

Pure minds with sinless envy, than the Abode

Of the good Priest: who, faithful through all hours

10

To his high charge, and truly serving God,

Has yet a heart and hand for trees and flowers,

Enjoys the walks his Predecessors trod,

Nor covets lineal rights in lands and towers.

IV

composed in roslin chapel, during a storm

The wind is now thy organist;—a clank

474 The Poems of William Wordsworth

(We know not whence) ministers for a bell

To mark some change of service. as the swell

Of music reached its height, and even when sank

The notes, in prelude, roslin! to a blank

5

Of silence, how it thrilled thy sumptuous roof,

Pillars, and arches,—not in vain time-proof,

Though Christian rites be wanting! From what bank

Came those live herbs? by what hand were they sown

Where dew falls not, where rain-drops seem unknown?

10

Yet in the Temple they a friendly niche

Share with their sculptured fellows, that, green-grown,

Copy their beauty more and more, and preach,

Though mute, of all things blending into one.

V

the trosachs

There’s not a nook within this solemn Pass,

But were an apt confessional for One

Taught by his summer spent, his autumn gone,

That Life is but a tale of morning grass,

Withered at eve. From scenes of art that chase

5

That thought away, turn, and with watchful eyes

Feed it ’mid Nature’s old felicities,

Rocks, rivers, and smooth lakes more clear than glass

Untouched, unbreathed upon. Thrice happy quest,

If from a golden perch of aspen spray

10

(October’s workmanship to rival May)

The pensive warbler of the ruddy breast

This moral sweeten by a heaven-taught lay,

Lulling the year, with all its cares, to rest.

VI

The Pibroch’s note, discountenanced or mute;

The Roman kilt, degraded to a toy

Of quaint apparel for a half-spoilt boy;

The target mouldering like ungathered fruit;

The smoking steam-boat eager in pursuit,

5

As eagerly pursued; the umbrella spread

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 475

To weather-fend the Celtic herdsman’s head—

All speak of manners withering to the root,

And some old honours, too, and passions high:

Then may we ask, though pleased that thought should range

10

Among the conquests of civility,

Survives imagination—to the change

Superior? Help to virtue does it give?

If not, O Mortals, better cease to live!

VII

composed in the glen of loch etive

This Land of Rainbows, spanning glens whose walls,

Rock-built, are hung with rainbow-coloured mists,

Of far-stretched Meres, whose salt flood never rests,

Of tuneful caves and playful waterfalls,

Of mountains varying momently their crests—

5

Proud be this Land! whose poorest Huts are Halls

Where Fancy entertains becoming guests;

While native song the heroic Past recalls.

Thus, in the net of her own wishes caught,

The Muse exclaimed: but Story now must hide

10

Her trophies, Fancy crouch;—the course of pride

Has been diverted, other lessons taught,

That make the Patriot-spirit bow her head

Where the all-conquering Roman feared to tread.

VIII

composed after reading a newspaper of the day

“People! your chains are severing link by link;

Soon shall the Rich be levelled down—the Poor

Meet them halfway.” Vain boast! for These, the more

They thus would rise, must low and lower sink

Till, by repentance stung, they fear to think;

5

While all lie prostrate, save the tyrant few

Bent in quick turns each other to undo,

And mix the poison, they themselves must drink.

Mistrust thyself, vain Country! cease to cry,

“Knowledge will save me from the threatened woe.”

10

476 The Poems of William Wordsworth

For, if than other rash ones more thou know,

Yet on presumptuous wing as far would fly

Above thy knowledge as they dared to go,

Thou wilt provoke a heavier penalty.

Ix

Eagles

composed at dunollie castle in the bay of oban

Dishonoured Rock and Ruin! that, by law

Tyrannic, keep the Bird of Jove embarred

Like a lone criminal whose life is spared.

Vexed is he, and screams loud. The last I saw

Was on the wing; stooping, he struck with awe

5

Man, bird, and beast; then, with a Consort paired,

From a bold headland, their loved aery’s guard,

Flew high above Atlantic waves, to draw

Light from the fountain of the setting sun.

Such was this Prisoner once; and, when his plumes

10

The sea-blast ruffles as the storm comes on,

In spirit, for a moment, he resumes

His rank ’mong freeborn creatures that live free,

His power, his beauty, and his majesty.

x

in the sound of mull

Tradition, be thou mute! Oblivion, throw

Thy veil, in mercy, o’er the records hung

Round strath and mountain, stamped by the ancient tongue

On rock and ruin darkening as we go,—

Spots where a word, ghost-like, survives to show

5

What crimes from hate, or desperate love, have sprung;

From honour misconceived, or fancied wrong,

What feuds, not quenched but fed by mutual woe:

Yet, though a wild vindictive Race, untamed

By civil arts and labour of the pen,

10

Could gentleness be scorned by these fierce Men,

Who, to spread wide the reverence that they claimed

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 477

For patriarchal occupations, named

Yon towering Peaks, Shepherds of Etive Glen?”

xI

at tyndrum

Enough of garlands, of the Arcadian crook,

And all that Greece and Italy have sung

Of Swains reposing myrtle groves among!

Ours couch on naked rocks, will cross a brook

Swoln with chill rains, nor ever cast a look

5

This way or that, or give it even a thought

More than by smoothest pathway may be brought

Into a vacant mind. Can written book

Teach what they learn? Up, hardy Mountaineer!

And guide the Bard, ambitious to be One

10

Of Nature’s privy council, as thou art,

On cloud-sequestered heights, that see and hear

To what dread Powers He delegates his part

On earth, who works in the heaven of heavens, alone.

xII

the earl of breadalbane’s ruined mansion,

and family burial-place, near killin

Well sang the bard who called the Grave, in strains

Thoughtful and sad, the “Narrow House.” No style

Of fond sepulchral flattery can beguile

Grief of her sting; nor cheat, where he detains

The sleeping dust, stern Death: how reconcile

5

With truth, or with each other, decked Remains

Of a once warm Abode, and that new Pile,

For the departed, built with curious pains

And mausolean pomp? Yet here they stand

Together,—’mid trim walks and artful bowers,

10

To be looked down upon by ancient hills,

That, for the living and the dead, demand

And prompt a harmony of genuine powers;

Concord that elevates the mind, and stills.

  “In Gaelic, Buachaill Eite.” WW

478 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xIII

rest and be thankful, at the head of glencoe

Doubling and doubling with laborious walk,

Who, that has gained at length the wished-for Height,

This brief this simple way-side call can slight,

And rests not thankful? Whether cheered by talk

With some loved Friend, or by the unseen Hawk

5

Whistling to clouds and sky-born streams, that shine

At the sun’s outbreak, as with light divine,

Ere they descend to nourish root and stalk

Of valley flowers. Nor, while the limbs repose,

Will we forget that, as the Fowl can keep

10

Absolute stillness, posed aloft in air,

And Fishes front, unmoved, the torrent’s sweep,—

So may the Soul, through powers that Faith bestows,

Win rest, and ease, and peace, with bliss that Angels share.

xIV

highland hut

See what gay wild flowers deck this earth-built Cot,

Whose smoke, forth-issuing whence and how it may,

Shines in the greeting of the Sun’s first ray

Like wreaths of vapour without stain or blot.

The limpid mountain rill avoids it not;

5

And why shouldst thou? If rightly trained and bred,

Humanity is humble,—finds no spot

Which her Heaven-guided feet refuse to tread.

The walls are cracked, sunk is the flowery roof,

Undressed the pathway leading to the door;

10

But love, as Nature loves, the lonely Poor;

Search, for their worth, some gentle heart wrong-proof,

Meek, patient, kind, and, were its trials fewer,

Belike less happy.—Stand no more aloof!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 479

xV

the brownie

[Upon a small island not far from the head of Loch Lomond, are some

remains of an ancient building, which was for several years the abode of a

solitary Individual, one of the last survivors of the Clan of Macfarlane, once

powerful in that neighbourhood. Passing along the shore opposite this island

in the year 1814, the Author learned these particulars, and that this person

then living there had acquired the appellation of “The Brownie.” ]

“How disappeared he?” Ask the newt and toad;

Ask of his fellow men, and they will tell

How he was found, cold as an icicle,

Under an arch of that forlorn abode;

Where he, unpropp’d, and by the gathering flood

5

Of years hemm’d round, had dwelt, prepared to try

Privation’s worst extremities, and die

With no one near save the omnipresent God.

Verily so to live was an awful choice—

A choice that wears the aspect of a doom;

10

But in the mould of mercy all is cast

For Souls familiar with the eternal Voice;

And this forgotten Taper to the last

Drove from itself, we trust, all frightful gloom.

xVI

to the planet venus, an evening star.

composed at loch lomond

Though joy attend thee orient at the birth

Of dawn, it cheers the lofty spirit most

To watch thy course when Day-light, fled from earth,

In the grey sky hath left his lingering Ghost,

Perplexed as if between a splendour lost

5

And splendour slowly mustering. Since the Sun,

The absolute, the world-absorbing One,

Relinquished half his empire to the Host

Emboldened by thy guidance, holy Star,

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

2  “See ‘The Brownie’s Cell,’ in the Author’s Poems, . . . to which the following Sonnet is a

sequel.” WW refers to the earlier sonnet by this title in vol. 2.

480 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Holy as princely, who that looks on thee

10

Touching, as now, in thy humility

The mountain borders of this seat of care,

Can question that thy countenance is bright,

Celestial Power, as much with love as light?

xVII

bothwell castle

Immured in Bothwell’s Towers, at times the Brave

(So beautiful is Clyde) forgot to mourn

The liberty they lost at Bannockbourn.

Once on those steeps I roamed at large, and have

In mind the landscape, as if still in sight;

5

The river glides, the woods before me wave;

But, by occasion tempted, now I crave

Needless renewal of an old delight.

Better to thank a dear and long-past day

For joy its sunny hours were free to give

10

Than blame the present, that our wish hath crost.

Memory, like Sleep, hath powers which dreams obey,

Dreams, vivid dreams, that are not fugitive:

How little that she cherishes is lost!

xVIII

picture of daniel in the lion’s den, at hamilton palace

Amid a fertile region green with wood

And fresh with rivers, well doth it become

The Ducal Owner, in his Palace-home

To naturalise this tawny Lion brood;

Children of Art, that claim strange brotherhood,

5

Couched in their Den, with those that roam at large

Over the burning wilderness, and charge

The wind with terror while they roar for food.

But these are satiate, and a stillness drear

Calls into life a more enduring fear;

10

Yet is the Prophet calm, nor would the cave

Daunt him—if his Companions, now be-drowsed

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 481

Yawning and listless, were by hunger roused:

Man placed him here, and God, he knows, can save.

xIx

the avon ( A Feeder of the Annan)

Avon—a precious, an immortal name!

Yet is it one that other Rivulets bear

Like this unheard-of, and their channels wear

Like this contented, though unknown to Fame:

For great and sacred is the modest claim

5

Of streams to Nature’s love, where’er they flow;

And ne’er did genius slight them, as they go,

Tree, flower, and green herb, feeding without blame.

But Praise can waste her voice on work of tears,

Anguish, and death: full oft where innocent blood

10

Has mixed its current with the limpid flood,

Her heaven-offending trophies Glory rears;

Never for like distinction may the good

Shrink from thy name, pure Rill, with unpleased ears!

xx

suggested by a view from an eminence in inglewood forest

The forest huge of ancient Caledon

Is but a name, nor more is Inglewood,

That swept from hill to hill, from flood to flood:

On her last thorn the nightly Moon has shone;

Yet still, though unappropriate Wild be none,

5

Fair parks spread wide where Adam Bell might deign

With Clym o’ the Clough, were they alive again,

To kill for merry feast their venison.

Nor wants the holy Abbot’s gliding Shade

His Church with monumental wreck bestrown;

10

The feudal Warrior-chief, a Ghost unlaid,

Hath still his Castle, though a Skeleton,

That he may watch by night, and lessons con

Of Power that perishes, and Rights that fade.

482 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xxI

hart’s-horn tree, near penrith

Here stood an Oak, that long had borne affixed

To his huge trunk, or, with more subtle art,

Among its withering topmost branches mixed,

The palmy antlers of a hunted Hart,

Whom the dog Hercules pursued—his part

5

Each desperately sustaining, till at last

Both sank and died, the life-veins of the chased

And chaser bursting here with one dire smart.

Mutual the Victory, mutual the Defeat!

High was the trophy hung with pitiless pride;

10

Say, rather, with that generous sympathy

That wants not, even in rudest breasts, a seat;

And, for this feeling’s sake, let no one chide

Verse that would guard thy memory, Hart’s-horn Tree!

xxII

countess’s pillar

[On the roadside between Penrith and Appleby, there stands a pillar with the

following inscription:—

“This pillar was erected, in the year 1656, by Anne Countess Dowager

of Pembroke, &c. for a memorial of her last parting with her pious mother,

Margaret Countess Dowager of Cumberland, on the 2d of April, 1616; in

memory whereof she hath left an annuity of 4l. to be distributed to the poor of

the parish of Brougham, every 2d day of April for ever, upon the stone table

placed hard by. Laus Deo!”]

While the Poor gather round, till the end of time

May this bright flower of Charity display

Its bloom, unfolding at the appointed day;

Flower than the loveliest of the vernal prime

Lovelier—transplanted from heaven’s purest clime!

5

“Charity never faileth:” on that creed,

More than on written testament or deed,

The pious Lady built with hope sublime.

Alms on this stone to be dealt out, for ever!

“ Laus Deo.” Many a Stranger passing by

10

  For WW’s note see the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 483

Has with that parting mixed a filial sigh,

Blest its humane Memorial’s fond endeavour;

And, fastening on those lines an eye tear-glazed,

Has ended, though no Clerk, with “God be praised!”

xxIII

roman antiquities

(from the roman station at old penrith)

How profitless the relics that we cull,

Troubling the last holds of ambitious Rome,

Unless they chasten fancies that presume

Too high, or idle agitations lull!

Of the world’s flatteries if the brain be full,

5

To have no seat for thought were better doom,

Like this old helmet, or the eyeless skull

Of him who gloried in its nodding plume.

Heaven out of view, our wishes what are they?

Our fond regrets, insatiate in their grasp?

10

The Sage’s theory? the Poet’s lay?

Mere Fibulæ without a robe to clasp;

Obsolete lamps, whose light no time recalls;

Urns without ashes, tearless lacrymals!

Apology

No more: the end is sudden and abrupt,

Abrupt—as without preconceived design

Was the beginning, yet the several Lays

Have moved in order, to each other bound

By a continuous and acknowledged tie

5

Though unapparent, like those Shapes distinct

That yet survive ensculptured on the walls

Of Palace, or of Temple, ’mid the wreck

Of famed Persepolis; each following each,

As might beseem a stately embassy,

10

In set array; these bearing in their hands

Ensign of civil power, weapon of war,

Or gift, to be presented at the Throne

Of the Great King; and others, as they go

484 The Poems of William Wordsworth

In priestly vest, with holy offerings charged,

15

Or leading victims drest for sacrifice.

Nor will the Muse condemn, or treat with scorn

Our ministration, humble but sincere,

That from a threshold loved by every Muse

Its impulse took—that sorrow-stricken door,

20

Whence, as a current from its fountain-head,

Our thoughts have issued, and our feelings flowed,

Receiving, willingly or not, fresh strength

From kindred sources; while around us sighed

(Life’s three first seasons having passed away)

25

Leaf-scattering winds, and hoar-frost sprinklings fell,

Foretaste of winter, on the moorland heights;

And every day brought with it tidings new

Of rash change, ominous for the public weal.

Hence, if dejection have too oft encroached

30

Upon that sweet and tender melancholy

Which may itself be cherished and caressed

More than enough, a fault so natural,

Even with the young, the hopeful, or the gay,

For prompt forgiveness will not sue in vain.

35

The Highland Broach

If to Tradition faith be due,

And echoes from old verse speak true,

Ere the meek Saint, Columba, bore

Glad tidings to Iona’s shore,

No common light of nature blessed

5

The mountain region of the west,

A land where gentle manners ruled

O’er men in dauntless virtues schooled,

That raised, for centuries, a bar

Impervious to the tide of war;

10

Yet peaceful Arts did entrance gain

Where haughty Force had striven in vain;

And, ’mid the works of skilful hands,

By wanderers brought from foreign lands

And various climes, was not unknown

15

The clasp that fixed the Roman Gown;

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 485

The Fibula, whose shape, I ween,

Still in the Highland Broach is seen,

The silver Broach of massy frame,

Worn at the breast of some grave Dame

20

On road or path, or at the door

Of fern-thatched Hut on heathy moor:

But delicate of yore its mould,

And the material finest gold;

As might beseem the fairest Fair,

25

Whether she graced a royal chair,

Or shed, within a vaulted Hall,

No fancied lustre on the wall

Where shields of mighty Heroes hung,

While Fingal heard what Ossian sung.

30

The heroic Age expired—it slept

Deep in its tomb:—the bramble crept

O’er Fingal’s hearth; the grassy sod

Grew on the floors his Sons had trod:

Malvina! where art thou? Their state

35

The noblest-born must abdicate,

The fairest, while with fire and sword

Come Spoilers—horde impelling horde,

Must walk the sorrowing mountains, drest

By ruder hands in homelier vest.

40

Yet still the female bosom lent,

And loved to borrow, ornament;

Still was its inner world a place

Reached by the dews of heavenly grace;

Still pity to this last retreat

45

Clove fondly; to his favourite seat

Love wound his way by soft approach,

Beneath a massier Highland Broach.

When alternations came of rage

Yet fiercer, in a darker age;

50

And feuds, where, clan encountering clan,

The weaker perished to a man;

For maid and mother, when despair

Might else have triumphed, baffling prayer,

486 The Poems of William Wordsworth

One small possession lacked not power,

55

Provided in a calmer hour,

To meet such need as might befall—

Roof, raiment, bread, or burial:

For woman, even of tears bereft,

The hidden silver Broach was left.

60

As generations come and go,

Their arts, their customs, ebb and flow;

Fate, fortune, sweep strong powers away,

And feeble, of themselves, decay;

What poor abodes the heir-loom hide,

65

In which the castle once took pride!

Tokens, once kept as boasted wealth,

If saved at all, are saved by stealth.

Lo! ships, from seas by nature barred,

Mount along ways by man prepared;

70

And in far-stretching vales, whose streams

Seek other seas, their canvass gleams.

Lo! busy towns spring up, on coasts

Thronged yesterday by airy ghosts;

Soon, like a lingering star forlorn

75

Among the novelties of morn,

While young delights on old encroach,

Will vanish the last Highland Broach.

But when, from out their viewless bed,

Like vapours, years have rolled and spread;

80

And this poor verse, and worthier lays,

Shall yield no light of love or praise,

Then, by the spade, or cleaving plough,

Or torrent from the mountain’s brow,

Or whirlwind, reckless what his might

85

Entombs, or forces into light,

Blind Chance, a volunteer ally,

That oft befriends Antiquity,

And clears Oblivion from reproach,

May render back the Highland Broach.

90

  “The exact resemblance which the old Broach (still in use, though rarely met with, among

the Highlanders) bears to the Roman Fibula must strike every one, and concurs with the

plaid and kilt to recall to mind the communication which the ancient Romans had with this

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 487

[Poem not included in series as published]

The Modern Athens

“Now that a Parthenon ascends, to crown

Our Calton hill, sage Pallas! ’tis most fit

This thy dear City by the name be known

Of modern Athens.” But opinions split

Upon this point of taste; and Mother Wit

5

Cries out, “auld reekie, guid and honest town

Of Ed’nbro’, put the sad misnomer down,—

This alias of Conceit—away with it!”

Let none provoke, for questionable smiles

From an outlandish Goddess, the just scorn

10

Of thy staunch gothic Patron, grave St Giles;

—Far better than such heathen foppery

The homeliest Title thou hast ever borne

Before or since the times of, Wha wants me?

remote country. How much the Broach is sometimes prized by persons in humble stations

may be gathered from an occurrence mentioned to me by a female friend. She had had

an opportunity of benefiting a poor old woman in her own hut, who, wishing to make a

return, said to her daughter, in Erse, in a tone of plaintive earnestness, ‘I would give any

thing I have, but I  hope she does not wish for my Broach!’ and, uttering these words, she put her hand upon the Broach which fastened her kerchief, and which, she imagined, had

attracted the eye of her benefactress.” WW

488

Sonnets Composed or Suggested during a tour in

Scotland, in the Summer of 1833

Sonnets

composed or suggested during a tour in scotland,

in the summer of 1833

[Having been prevented by the lateness of the season, in 1831, from vis-

iting Staffa and Iona, the author made these the principal objects of a short

tour in the summer of 1833, of which the following series of sonnets is a

Memorial. The course pursued was down the Cumberland river Derwent, and

to Whitehaven; thence (by the Isle of Man, where a few days were passed) up

the Frith of Clyde to Greenock, then to Oban, Staffa, Iona; and back towards

England, by Loch Awe, Inverary, Loch Goil-head, Greenock, and through

parts of Renfrewshire, Ayrshire, and Dumfries-shire to Carlisle, and thence

up the river Eden, and homewards by Ullswater.]

Sonnets, 1833

I

Adieu, Rydalian Laurels! that have grown

And spread as if ye knew that days might come

When ye would shelter in a happy home,

On this fair Mount, a Poet of your own,

One who ne’er ventured for a Delphic crown

5

To sue the God; but, haunting your green shade

All seasons through, is humbly pleased to braid

Ground-flowers, beneath your guardianship, self sown.

Farewell! no Minstrels now with Harp new-strung

For summer wandering quit their household bowers;

10

Yet not for this wants Poesy a tongue

To cheer the Itinerant on whom she pours

Her spirit, while he crosses lonely moors,

Or musing sits forsaken halls among.

  WW’s notes are those published with the series in  Yarrow Revisited and Other Poems

(835).  For  the  sources  of  the  reading  text  and  the  editor’s  commentary,  see  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems,   1820–1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 56–572, and 640–655.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 489

II

Why should the Enthusiast, journeying through this Isle,

Repine as if his hour were come too late?

Not unprotected in her mouldering state,

Antiquity salutes him with a smile,

’Mid fruitful fields that ring with jocund toil,

5

And pleasure-grounds where Taste, refined Co-mate

Of Truth and Beauty, strives to imitate,

Far as she may, primeval Nature’s style.

Fair land! by Time’s parental love made free,

By social Order’s watchful arms embraced,

10

With unexampled union meet in thee,

For eye and mind, the present and the past;

With golden prospect for futurity,

If what is rightly reverenced may last.

III

They called Thee merry England, in old time;

A happy people won for thee that name

With envy heard in many a distant clime;

And, spite of change, for me thou keep’st the same

Endearing title, a responsive chime

5

To the heart’s fond belief, though some there are

Whose sterner judgments deem that word a snare

For inattentive Fancy, like the lime

Which foolish birds are caught with. Can, I ask,

This face of rural beauty be a mask

10

For discontent, and poverty, and crime;

These spreading towns a cloak for lawless will;

Forbid it, Heaven!—that “merry England” still

May be thy rightful name, in prose and rhyme!

IV

to the river greta, near keswick

Greta, what fearful listening! when huge stones

Rumble along thy bed, block after block:

Or, whirling with reiterated shock,

Combat, while darkness aggravates the groans:

490 The Poems of William Wordsworth

But if thou (like Cocytus from the moans

5

Heard on his rueful margin) thence wert named

The Mourner, thy true nature was defamed,

And the habitual murmur that atones

For thy worst rage, forgotten. Oft as Spring

Decks, on thy sinuous banks, her thousand thrones,

10

Seats of glad instinct and love’s carolling,

The concert, for the happy, then may vie

With liveliest peals of birth-day harmony:

To a grieved heart, the notes are benisons.

V

to the river derwent

Among the mountains were we nursed, loved stream!

Thou near the Eagle’s nest—within brief sail,

I, of his bold wing floating on the gale,

Where thy deep voice could lull me! Faint the beam

Of human life when first allowed to gleam

5

On mortal notice.—Glory of the Vale,

Such thy meek outset, with a crown, though frail,

Kept in perpetual verdure by the steam

Of thy soft breath!—Less vivid wreath entwined

Nemæan victor’s brow; less bright was worn,

10

Meed of some Roman chief—in triumph borne

With captives chained; and shedding from his car

The sunset splendours of a finished war

Upon the proud enslavers of mankind!

VI

in sight of the town of cockermouth (where the author was born, and

his father’s remains are laid)

A point of life between my Parents’ dust,

And your’s, my buried Little-ones! am I;

And to those graves looking habitually

In kindred quiet I repose my trust.

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

2  “This sonnet has already appeared in several editions of the author’s poems; but he is

tempted to reprint it in this place, as a natural introduction to the two that follow it.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 491

Death to the innocent is more than just,

5

And, to the sinner, mercifully bent;

So may I hope, if truly I repent

And meekly bear the ills which bear I must:

And You, my Offspring! that do still remain,

Yet may outstrip me in the appointed race,

10

If e’er, through fault of mine, in mutual pain

We breathed together for a moment’s space,

The wrong, by love provoked, let love arraign,

And only love keep in your hearts a place.

VII

address from the spirit of cockermouth castle

Thou look’st upon me, and dost fondly think,

Poet! that, stricken as both are by years,

We, differing once so much, are now Compeers,

Prepared, when each has stood his time, to sink

Into the dust. Erewhile a sterner link

5

United us; when thou, in boyish play,

Entering my dungeon, didst become a prey

To soul-appalling darkness. Not a blink

Of light was there;—and thus did I, thy Tutor,

Make thy young thoughts acquainted with the grave;

10

While thou wert chasing the wing’d butterfly

Through my green courts; or climbing, a bold suitor,

Up to the flowers whose golden progeny

Still round my shattered brow in beauty wave.

VIII

nun’s well, brigham

The cattle crowding round this beverage clear

To slake their thirst, with reckless hoofs have trod

The encircling turf into a barren clod;

Through which the waters creep, then disappear,

Born to be lost in Derwent flowing near;

5

Yet, o’er the brink, and round the limestone-cell

Of the pure spring (they call it the “Nun’s Well,”

Name that first struck by chance my startled ear)

492 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A tender Spirit broods—the pensive Shade

Of ritual honours to this Fountain paid

10

By hooded Votaries with saintly cheer;

Albeit oft the Virgin-mother mild

Looked down with pity upon eyes beguiled

Into the shedding of “too soft a tear.”

Ix

to a friend (on the banks of the derwent)

Pastor and Patriot! at whose bidding rise

These modest Walls, amid a flock that need

For one who comes to watch them and to feed

A fixed Abode, keep down presageful sighs.

Threats which the unthinking only can despise,

5

Perplex the Church; but be thou firm,—be true

To thy first hope, and this good work pursue,

Poor as thou art. A welcome sacrifice

Dost Thou prepare, whose sign will be the smoke

Of thy new hearth; and sooner shall its wreaths,

10

Mounting while earth her morning incense breathes,

From wandering fiends of air receive a yoke,

And straightway cease to aspire, than God disdain

This humble tribute as ill-timed or vain.

x

mary queen of scots (landing at the mouth of the derwent,

workington)

Dear to the Loves, and to the Graces vowed,

The Queen drew back the wimple that she wore;

And to the throng how touchingly she bowed

  “Attached to the church of Brigham was formerly a chantry, which held a moiety of the

manor; and in the decayed parsonage some vestiges of monastic architecture are still to

be seen.” WW

2  “ ‘The  fears  and  impatience  of  Mary  were  so  great,’  says  Robertson,  ‘that  she  got  into a fisher-boat, and with about twenty attendants landed at Workington, in Cumberland; and thence she was conducted with many marks of respect to Carlisle.’ The apartment

in which the Queen had slept at Workington Hall (where she was received by Sir Henry

Curwen as became her rank and misfortunes) was long preserved, out of respect to her

memory, as she had left it; and one cannot but regret that some necessary alterations in

the mansion could not be effected without its destruction.” WW quotes from  The History of

Scotland (759) by William Robertson.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 493

That hailed her landing on the Cumbrian shore;

Bright as a Star (that, from a sombre cloud

5

Of pine-tree foliage poised in air, forth darts,

When a soft summer gale at evening parts

The gloom that did its loveliness enshroud)

She smiled; but Time, the old Saturnian Seer,

Sighed on the wing as her foot pressed the strand,

10

With step prelusive to a long array

Of woes and degradations hand in hand,

Weeping captivity, and shuddering fear

Stilled by the ensanguined block of Fotheringay!

xI

in the channel, between the coast of cumberland

and the isle of man

Ranging the Heights of Scawfell or Black-coom,

In his lone course the Shepherd oft will pause,

And strive to fathom the mysterious laws

By which the clouds, arrayed in light or gloom,

On Mona settle, and the shapes assume

5

Of all her peaks and ridges. What He draws

From sense, faith, reason, fancy, of the cause

He will take with him to the silent tomb:

Or, by his fire, a Child upon his knee,

Haply the untaught Philosopher may speak

10

Of the strange sight, nor hide his theory

That satisfies the simple and the meek,

Blest in their pious ignorance, though weak

To cope with Sages undevoutly free.

xII

at sea off the isle of man.

Bold words affirmed, in days when faith was strong,

And doubts and scruples seldom teazed the brain,

That no adventurer’s bark had power to gain

These shores if he approached them bent on wrong;

For, suddenly up-conjured from the Main,

5

Mists rose to hide the Land—that search, though long

494 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And eager, might be still pursued in vain.

O Fancy, what an age was that for song!

That age, when not by laws inanimate,

As men believed, the waters were impelled,

10

The air controlled, the stars their courses held,

But element and orb on acts did wait

Of Powers endued with visible form, instinct

With will, and to their work by passion linked.

xIII

Desire we past illusions to recall?

To reinstate wild Fancy, would we hide

Truths whose thick veil Science has drawn aside?

No,—let this Age, high as she may, install

In her esteem the thirst that wrought man’s fall,

5

The universe is infinitely wide;

And conquering Reason, if self-glorified,

Can nowhere move uncrossed by some new wall

Or gulf of mystery, which thou alone,

Imaginative Faith! canst overleap,

10

In progress toward the fount of Love,—the throne

Of Power, whose ministering Spirits records keep

Of periods fixed, and laws established, less

Flesh to exalt than prove its nothingness.

xIV

on entering douglas bay, isle of man

“Dignum laude viru Musa vetat mori.”

The feudal Keep, the bastions of Cohorn,

Even when they rose to check or to repel

Tides of aggressive war, oft served as well

Greedy ambition, armed to treat with scorn

Just limits; but yon Tower, whose smiles adorn

5

This perilous bay, stands clear of all offence;

Blest work it is of love and innocence,

A Tower of refuge to the else forlorn.

Spare it, ye waves, and lift the mariner,

Struggling for life, into its saving arms!

10

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 495

Spare, too, the human helpers! Do they stir

’Mid your fierce shock like men afraid to die?

No, their dread service nerves the heart it warms,

And they are led by noble hillary.

xV

by the sea-shore, isle of man.

Why stand we gazing on the sparkling Brine

With wonder, smit by its transparency,

And all-enraptured with its purity?

Because the unstained, the clear, the crystalline,

Have ever in them something of benign;

5

Whether in gem, in water, or in sky,

A sleeping infant’s brow, or wakeful eye

Of a young maiden, only not divine.

Scarcely the hand forbears to dip its palm

For beverage drawn as from a mountain well:

10

Temptation centres in the liquid Calm;

Our daily raiment seems no obstacle

To instantaneous plunging in, deep Sea!

And revelling in long embrace with Thee.

xVI

isle of man

A youth too certain of his power to wade

On the smooth bottom of this clear bright sea,

To sight so shallow, with a bather’s glee

Leapt from this rock, and surely, had not aid

Been near, must soon have breathed out life, betrayed

5

By fondly trusting to an element

Fair, and to others more than innocent;

Then had sea-nymphs sung dirges for him laid

In peaceful earth: for, doubtless, he was frank,

Utterly in himself devoid of guile;

10

1 “The Tower of Refuge, an ornament to Douglas Bay, was erected chiefly through the humanity  and  zeal  of  Sir  William  Hillary;  and  he  also  was  the  founder  of  the  life-boat establishment, at that place; by which, under his superintendence, and often by his exer-tions at the imminent hazard of his own life, many seamen and passengers have been

saved.” WW

496 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Knew not the double-dealing of a smile;

Nor aught that makes men’s promises a blank,

Or deadly snare: and He survives to bless

The Power that saved him in his strange distress.

xVII

the retired marine officer, isle of man

Not pangs of grief for lenient time too keen,

Grief that devouring waves had caused, nor guilt

Which they had witnessed, swayed the man who built

This homestead, placed where nothing could be seen,

Nought heard of ocean, troubled or serene.

5

A tired Ship-soldier on paternal land,

That o’er the channel holds august command,

The dwelling raised,—a veteran Marine;

Who, in disgust, turned from the neighbouring sea

To shun the memory of a listless life

10

That hung between two callings. May no strife

More hurtful here beset him, doom’d, though free,

Self-doom’d to worse inaction, till his eye

Shrink from the daily sight of earth and sky!

xVIII

by a retired mariner (a friend of the author)

From early youth I ploughed the restless Main,

My mind as restless and as apt to change;

Through every clime and ocean did I range,

In hope at length a competence to gain;

For poor to Sea I went, and poor I still remain.

5

Year after year I strove, but strove in vain,

And hardships manifold did I endure,

For Fortune on me never deign’d to smile;

Yet I at last a resting-place have found,

With just enough life’s comforts to procure,

10

In a snug Cove on this our favoured Isle,

  “This unpretending sonnet is by a gentleman nearly connected with the author, who hopes,

as it falls so easily into its place, that both the writer and the reader will excuse its appearance here.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 497

A peaceful spot where Nature’s gifts abound;

Then sure I have no reason to complain,

Though poor to Sea I went, and poor I still remain.

xIx

at bala-sala, isle of man (supposed to be written by

a friend of the author)

Broken in fortune, but in mind entire

And sound in principle, I seek repose

Where ancient trees this convent-pile enclose,

In ruin beautiful. When vain desire

Intrudes on peace, I pray the eternal Sire

5

To cast a soul-subduing shade on me,

A grey-haired, pensive, thankful Refugee,

A shade but with some sparks of heavenly fire

Once to these cells vouchsafed. And when I note

The old Tower’s brow yellowed as with the beams

10

Of sunset ever there, albeit streams

Of stormy weather-stains that semblance wrought,

I thank the silent Monitor, and say

“Shine so, my aged brow, at all hours of the day!”

xx

tynwald hill

Once on the top of Tynwald’s formal mound

(Still marked with green turf circles narrowing

Stage above stage) would sit this Island’s King,

The laws to promulgate, enrobed and crowned;

While, compassing the little mount around,

5

Degrees and Orders stood, each under each:

Now, like to things within fate’s easiest reach,

The power is merged, the pomp a grave has found.

Off with yon cloud, old Snafell! that thine eye

  “Rushen Abbey.” WW

2  “The summit of this mountain is well chosen by Cowley, as the scene of the ‘Vision,’ in which the spectral angel discourses with him concerning the government of Oliver Cromwell. ‘I

found myself,’ says he, ‘on the top of that famous hill in the Island Mona, which has the

prospect  of  three  great,  and  not  long  since  most  happy,  kingdoms. As  soon  as  ever  I looked upon them, they called forth the sad representation of all the sins and all the miser-498 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Over three Realms may take its widest range;

10

And let, for them, thy fountains utter strange

Voices, thy winds break forth in prophecy,

If the whole State must suffer mortal change,

Like Mona’s miniature of sovereignty.

xxI

Despond who will —I heard a voice exclaim,

“Though fierce the assault, and shatter’d the defence,

It cannot be that Britain’s social frame,

The glorious work of time and providence,

Before a flying season’s rash pretence,

5

Should fall; that She, whose virtue put to shame,

When Europe prostrate lay, the Conqueror’s aim,

Should perish, self-subverted. Black and dense

The cloud is; but brings that a day of doom

To Liberty? Her sun is up the while,

10

That orb whose beams round Saxon Alfred shone,

Then laugh, ye innocent Vales! ye Streams, sweep on,

Nor let one billow of our heaven-blest Isle

Toss in the fanning wind a humbler plume.”

xxII

in the frith of clyde, ailsa crag (july 17, 1833)

Since risen from ocean, ocean to defy,

Appeared the Crag of Ailsa, ne’er did morn

With gleaming lights more gracefully adorn

His sides, or wreathe with mist his forehead high:

Now, faintly darkening with the sun’s eclipse,

5

Still is he seen, in lone sublimity,

Towering above the sea and little ships;

For dwarfs the tallest seem while sailing by,

Each for her haven; with her freight of Care,

Pleasure, or Grief, and Toil that seldom looks

10

Into the secret of to-morrow’s fare;

ies that had overwhelmed them these twenty years.’ It is not to be denied that the changes

now in progress, and the passions, and the way in which they work, strikingly resemble

those which led to the disasters the philosophic writer so feelingly bewails. God grant that

the resemblance may not become still more striking as months and years advance!” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 499

Though poor, yet rich, without the wealth of books,

Or aught that watchful Love to Nature owes

For her mute Powers, fix’d Forms, and transient Shows.

xxIII

on the frith of clyde (in a steam-boat)

Arran! a single-crested Teneriffe,

A St. Helena next—in shape and hue,

Varying her crowded peaks and ridges blue;

Who but must covet a cloud-seat or skiff

Built for the air, or winged Hippogriff,

5

That he might fly, where no one could pursue,

From this dull Monster and her sooty crew;

And, like a God, light on thy topmost cliff.

Impotent wish! which reason would despise

If the mind knew no union of extremes,

10

No natural bond between the boldest schemes

Ambition frames, and heart-humilities.

Beneath stern mountains many a soft vale lies,

And lofty springs give birth to lowly streams.

xxIV

on revisiting dunolly castle

The captive Bird was gone;—to cliff or moor

Perchance had flown, delivered by the storm;

Or he had pined, and sunk to feed the worm:

Him found we not; but, climbing a tall tower,

There saw, impaved with rude fidelity

5

Of art mosaic, in a roofless floor,

An Eagle with stretched wings, but beamless eye—

An Eagle that could neither wail nor soar.

Effigies of the Vanished, (shall I dare

To call thee so?) or symbol of past times,

10

That towering courage, and the savage deeds

Those times were proud of, take Thou too a share,

  WW refers the reader to a sonnet in the “former series,”  Yarrow Revisited, IX. Eagles, and provides the following note:

“This ingenious piece of workmanship, as the author afterwards learned, had been

executed for their own amusement by some labourers employed about the place.”

500 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Not undeserved, of the memorial rhymes

That animate my way where’er it leads!

xxV

the dunolly eagle

Not to the clouds, not to the cliff, he flew;

But when a storm, on sea or mountain bred,

Came and delivered him, alone he sped

Into the Castle-dungeon’s darkest mew.

Now, near his Master’s house in open view

5

He dwells, and hears indignant tempests howl,

Kennelled and chained. Ye tame domestic Fowl,

Beware of him! Thou, saucy Cockatoo,

Look to thy plumage and thy life!—The Roe,

Fleet as the west wind, is for him no quarry;

10

Balanced in ether he will never tarry,

Eyeing the sea’s blue depths. Poor Bird! even so

Doth Man of Brother-man a creature make,

That clings to slavery for its own sad sake.

xxVI

cave of staffa

We saw, but surely, in the motley crowd,

Not One of us has felt, the far-famed sight;

How could we feel it? each the other’s blight,

Hurried and hurrying, volatile and loud.

O for those motions only that invite

5

The Ghost of Fingal to his tuneful Cave!

By the breeze entered, and wave after wave

Softly embosoming the timid light!

And by one Votary who at will might stand

Gazing, and take into his mind and heart,

10

With undistracted reverence, the effect

Of those proportions where the almighty hand

That made the worlds, the sovereign Architect,

Has deigned to work as if with human Art!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 501

xxVII

cave of staffa

Thanks for the lessons of this Spot—fit school

For the presumptuous thoughts that would assign

Mechanic laws to agency divine;

And, measuring heaven by earth, would overrule

Infinite Power. The pillared vestibule,

5

Expanding yet precise, the roof embowed,

Might seem designed to humble Man, when proud

Of his best workmanship by plan and tool.

Down-bearing with his whole Atlantic weight

Of tide and tempest on the Structure’s base,

10

And flashing upwards to its topmost height,

Ocean has proved its strength, and of its grace

In calms is conscious, finding for his freight

Of softest music some responsive place.

xxVIII

cave of staffa

Ye shadowy Beings, that have rights and claims

In every cell of Fingal’s mystic Grot,

Where are ye? Driven or venturing to the spot,

Our Fathers glimpses caught of your thin Frames,

And, by your mien and bearing, knew your names;

5

And they could hear his ghostly song who trod

Earth, till the flesh lay on him like a load,

While he struck his desolate harp without hopes or aims.

Vanished ye are, but subject to recall;

Why keep we else the instincts whose dread law

10

Ruled here of yore, till what men felt they saw,

Not by black arts but magic natural!

If eyes be still sworn vassals of belief,

Yon light shapes forth a Bard, that shade a Chief.

  “The reader may be tempted to exclaim, “How came this and the two following sonnets to

be written, after the dissatisfaction expressed in the preceding one?” In fact, at the risk of incurring the reasonable displeasure of the master of the steamboat, the author returned

to the cave, and explored it under circumstances more favourable to those imaginative

impressions, which it is so wonderfully fitted to make upon the mind.” WW

502 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xxIx

flowers on the top of the pillars at the entrance of the cave

Hope smiled when your nativity was cast,

Children of Summer! Ye fresh flowers that brave

What Summer here escapes not, the fierce wave,

And whole artillery of the western blast,

Battering the Temple’s front, its long-drawn nave

5

Smiting, as if each moment were their last.

But ye, bright flowers, on frieze and architrave

Survive, and once again the Pile stands fast,

Calm as the Universe, from specular Towers

Of heaven contemplated by Spirits pure—

10

Suns and their systems, diverse yet sustained

In symmetry, and fashioned to endure,

Unhurt, the assault of Time with all his hours,

As the supreme Artificer ordained.

xxx

On to Iona!—What can she afford

To us save matter for a thoughtful sigh,

Heaved over ruin with stability

In urgent contrast? To diffuse the Word

(Thy Paramount, mighty Nature! and Time’s Lord)

5

Her Temples rose, ’mid pagan gloom; but why,

Even for a moment, has our verse deplored

Their wrongs, since they fulfilled their destiny?

And when, subjected to a common doom

Of mutability, those far-famed Piles

10

Shall disappear from both the sister Isles,

Iona’s Saints, forgetting not past days,

Garlands shall wear of amaranthine bloom,

While heaven’s vast sea of voices chants their praise.

  “Upon the head of the columns which form the front of the cave, rests a body of decom-

posed basaltic matter, which was richly decorated with that large bright flower, the ox-eyed

daisy. The author had noticed the same flower growing with profusion among the bold

rocks on the western coast of the Isle of Man; making a brilliant contrast with their black

and gloomy surfaces.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 503

xxxI

iona (upon landing)

With earnest look, to every voyager,

Some ragged child holds up for sale his store

Of wave-worn pebbles, pleading on the shore

Where once came monk and nun with gentle stir,

Blessings to give, news ask, or suit prefer.

5

But see yon neat trim church, a grateful speck

Of novelty amid this sacred wreck—

Nay spare thy scorn, haughty Philosopher!

Fallen though she be, this Glory of the west,

Still on her sons the beams of mercy shine;

10

And “hopes, perhaps more heavenly bright than thine,

A grace by thee unsought and unpossest,

A faith more fixed, a rapture more divine

Shall gild their passage to eternal rest.”

xxxII

the black stones of iona

[See Martin’s Voyage among the Western Isles]

Here on their knees men swore: the stones were black,

Black in the People’s minds and words, yet they

Were at that time, as now, in colour grey.

But what is colour, if upon the rack

Of conscience souls are placed by deeds that lack

5

Concord with oaths? What differ night and day

Then, when before the Perjured on his way

Hell opens, and the heavens in vengeance crack

Above his head uplifted in vain prayer

To Saint, or Fiend, or to the Godhead whom

10

He had insulted—Peasant, King, or Thane.

Fly where the culprit may, guilt meets a doom;

And, from invisible worlds at need laid bare,

Come links for social order’s awful chain.

  “The four last lines of this sonnet are adopted from a well-known sonnet of Russell, as conveying the author’s feeling better than any words of his own could do.” WW cites sonnet

0 in Thomas Russell’s  Sonnets and Miscellaneous Poems (Oxford, 789).

504 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xxxIII

Homeward we turn. Isle of Columba’s Cell,

Where Christian piety’s soul-cheering spark

(Kindled from Heaven between the light and dark

Of time) shone like the morning-star, farewell!—

Remote St. Kilda, art thou visible?

5

No—but farewell to thee, beloved sea-mark

For many a voyage made in Fancy’s bark,

When with more hues than in the rainbow dwell

Thou a mysterious intercourse dost hold;

Extracting from clear skies and air serene,

10

And out of sun-bright waves, a lucid veil,

That thickens, spreads, and, mingling fold with fold

Makes known, when thou no longer canst be seen,

Thy whereabout, to warn the approaching sail.

xxxIV

greenock

Per me si va nella Città dolente.

We have not passed into a doleful City,

We who were led to-day down a grim Dell,

By some too boldly named “the Jaws of Hell:”

Where be the wretched Ones, the sights for pity?

These crowded streets resound no plaintive ditty:

5

As from the hive where bees in summer dwell,

Sorrow seems here excluded; and that knell,

It neither damps the gay, nor checks the witty.

Too busy Mart! thus fared it with old Tyre,

Whose Merchants Princes were, whose decks were thrones:

10

Soon may the punctual sea in vain respire

To serve thy need, in union with that Clyde

Whose nursling current brawls o’er mossy stones,

The poor, the lonely Herdsman’s joy and pride.

xxxV

“There!” said a Stripling, pointing with meet pride

Towards a low roof with green trees half concealed,

“Is Mossgiel farm; and that’s the very field

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 505

Where Burns ploughed up the Daisy.” Far and wide

A plain below stretched sea-ward, while, descried

5

Above sea-clouds, the Peaks of Arran rose;

And, by that simple notice, the repose

Of earth, sky, sea, and air, was vivified.

Beneath “the random bield of clod or stone”

Myriads of Daisies have shone forth in flower

10

Near the lark’s nest, and in their natural hour

Have passed away, less happy than the One

That by the unwilling ploughshare died to prove

The tender charm of Poetry and Love

xxxVI

fancy and tradition

The Lovers took within this ancient grove

Their last embrace; beside those crystal springs

The Hermit saw the Angel spread his wings

For instant flight; the Sage in yon alcove

Sate musing; on that hill the Bard would rove,

5

Not mute, where now the Linnet only sings:

Thus every where to truth Tradition clings,

Or Fancy localises Powers we love.

Were only History licensed to take note

Of things gone by, her meagre monuments

10

Would ill suffice for persons and events:

There is an ampler page for man to quote,

A readier book of manifold contents,

Studied alike in palace and in cot.

xxxVII

the river eden, cumberland

Eden! till now thy beauty had I viewed

By glimpses only, and confess with shame

That verse of mine, whate’er its varying mood,

Repeats but once the sound of thy sweet name;

Yet fetched from Paradise that honour came,

5

  “It is to be feared that there is more of the poet than the sound etymologist in this derivation of the name Eden. On the western coast of Cumberland is a rivulet which enters the

sea at Moresby, known also in the neighbourhood by the name of Eden. May not the latter

506 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Rightfully borne; for Nature gives thee flowers

That have no rivals among British bowers;

And thy bold rocks are worthy of their fame.

Measuring thy course, fair Stream! at length I pay

To my life’s neighbour dues of neighbourhood;

10

But I have traced thee on thy winding way

With pleasure sometimes by the thought restrained

That things far off are toiled for, while a good

Not sought, because too near, is seldom gained.

xxxVIII

monument of mrs. howard

(by nollekins)

in wetheral church, near corby, on the banks of the eden

Stretched on the dying Mother’s lap, lies dead

Her new-born Babe, dire issue of bright hope!

But Sculpture here, with the divinest scope

Of luminous faith, heavenward hath raised that head

So patiently; and through one hand has spread

5

A touch so tender for the insensate Child,

Earth’s lingering love to parting reconciled,

Brief parting—for the spirit is all but fled;

That we, who contemplate the turns of life

Through this still medium, are consoled and cheered;

10

Feel with the Mother, think the severed Wife

Is less to be lamented than revered;

And own that Art, triumphant over strife

And pain, hath powers to Eternity endeared.

xxxIx

Tranquillity! the sovereign aim wert thou

In heathen schools of philosophic lore;

Heart-stricken by stern destiny of yore

The Tragic Muse thee served with thoughtful vow;

And what of hope Elysium could allow

5

syllable come from the word Dean, a valley? Langdale, near Ambleside, is by the inhabit-

ants called Langden. The former syllable occurs in the name Eamont, a principal feeder of

the Eden; and the stream which flows, when the tide is out, over Cartmel Sands, is called

the Ea.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 507

Was fondly seized by Sculpture, to restore

Peace to the Mourner’s soul; but He who wore

The crown of thorns around his bleeding brow

Warmed our sad being with his glorious light:

Then Arts, which still had drawn a softening grace

10

From shadowy fountains of the Infinite,

Communed with that Idea face to face;

And move around it now as planets run,

Each in its orbit, round the central Sun.

xL

nunnery

The floods are roused, and will not soon be weary;

Down from the Pennine Alps how fiercely sweeps

croglin, the stately Eden’s tributary!

He raves, or through some moody passage creeps

Plotting new mischief—out again he leaps

5

Into broad light, and sends, through regions airy,

That voice which soothed the Nuns while on the steeps

They knelt in prayer, or sang to blissful Mary.

That union ceased: then, cleaving easy walks

Through crags, and smoothing paths beset with danger,

10

Came studious Taste; and many a pensive Stranger

Dreams on the banks, and to the river talks.

What change shall happen next to Nunnery Dell?

Canal, and Viaduct, and Railway, tell!

xLI

steamboats, viaducts, and railways

Motions and Means, on land and sea at war

With old poetic feeling, not for this,

Shall ye, by Poets even, be judged amiss!

Nor shall your presence, howsoe’er it mar

The loveliness of Nature, prove a bar

5

  “The chain of Crossfell, which parts Cumberland and Westmore-land from Northumberland

and Durham.” WW

2 “At Corby, a few miles below Nunnery, the Eden is crossed by a magnificent viaduct; and

another of these works is thrown over a deep glen or ravine at a very short distance from

the main stream.” WW

508 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To the Mind’s gaining that prophetic sense

Of future change, that point of vision whence

May be discovered what in soul ye are.

In spite of all that beauty may disown

In your harsh features, Nature doth embrace

10

Her lawful offspring in Man’s art; and Time,

Pleased with your triumphs o’er his brother Space,

Accepts from your bold hands the proffered crown

Of hope, and smiles on you with cheer sublime.

xLII

Lowther! in thy majestic Pile are seen

Cathedral pomp and grace, in apt accord

With the baronial castle’s sterner mien;

Union significant of God adored,

And charters won and guarded by the sword

5

Of ancient honour; whence that goodly state

Of Polity which wise men venerate,

And will maintain, if God his help afford.

Hourly the democratic torrent swells;

For airy promises and hopes suborned

10

The strength of backward-looking thoughts is scorned.

Fall if ye must, ye Towers and Pinnacles,

With what ye symbolise; authentic Story

Will say, Ye disappeared with England’s Glory!

xLIII

to the earl of lonsdale

“Magistratus indicat virum.”

Lonsdale! it were unworthy of a Guest,

Whose heart with gratitude to thee inclines,

If he should speak, by fancy touched, of signs

On thy Abode harmoniously imprest,

  “This sonnet was written immediately after certain trials, which took place at the Cumberland Assizes,  when  the  Earl  of  Lonsdale,  in  consequence  of  repeated  and  long  continued

attacks upon his character, through the local press, had thought it right to prosecute the

conductors and proprietors of three several journals. A verdict of libel was given in one

case; and in the others, the prosecutions were withdrawn, upon the individuals retracting

and disavowing the charges, expressing regret that they had been made, and promising

to abstain from the like in future.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 509

Yet be unmoved with wishes to attest

5

How in thy mind and moral frame agree

Fortitude and that christian Charity

Which, filling, consecrates the human breast.

And if the Motto on thy ’scutcheon teach

With truth, “the magistracy shows the man:”

10

That searching test thy public course has stood;

As will be owned alike by bad and good,

Soon as the measuring of life’s little span

Shall place thy virtues out of Envy’s reach.

xLIV

to cordelia m——, hallsteads, ullswater

Not in the mines beyond the western main,

You tell me, Delia! was the metal sought,

Which a fine skill, of Indian growth, has wrought

Into this flexible yet faithful Chain;

Nor is it silver of romantic Spain

5

You say, but from Helvellyn’s depths was brought,

Our own domestic mountain. Thing and thought

Mix strangely; trifles light, and partly vain,

Can prop, as you have learnt, our nobler being:

Yes, Lady, while about your neck is wound

10

(Your casual glance oft meeting) this bright cord,

What witchery, for pure gifts of inward seeing,

Lurks in it, Memory’s Helper, Fancy’s Lord,

For precious tremblings in your bosom found!

xLV

conclusion

Most sweet it is with unuplifted eyes

To pace the ground, if path be there or none,

While a fair region round the Traveller lies

Which he forbears again to look upon;

Pleased rather with some soft ideal scene,

5

The work of Fancy, or some happy tone

Of meditation, slipping in between

The beauty coming and the beauty gone.

510 The Poems of William Wordsworth

If Thought and Love desert us, from that day

Let us break off all commerce with the Muse;

10

With Thought and Love companions of our way,

Whate’er the senses take or may refuse,

The Mind’s internal Heaven shall shed her dews

Of inspiration on the humblest lay.

[Poems not included in series as first published]

The Monument Commonly Called Long Meg and Her Daughters,

near the River Eden

A weight of awe not easy to be borne

Fell suddenly upon my Spirit-cast

From the dread bosom of the unknown past,

When first I saw that Sisterhood forlorn;

And Her, whose massy strength and stature scorn

5

The power of years—pre-eminent, and placed

Apart-to overlook the circle vast.

Speak, Giant-mother! tell it to the Morn

While she dispels the cumbrous shades of night;

Let the Moon hear, emerging from a cloud,

10

At whose behest uprose on British ground

Thy Progeny; in hieroglyphic round

Forth-shadowing, some have deemed, the infinite,

The inviolable God, that tames the proud!

Written in a Blank Leaf of Macpherson’s Ossian

Oft have I caught from fitful breeze

Fragments of far-off melodies,

With ear not coveting the whole,

A part so charmed the pensive soul:

While a dark storm before my sight

5

Was yielding, on a mountain height

  “The Daughters of Long Meg, placed in a perfect circle eighty yards in diameter, are sev-

enty-two in number, and their height is from three feet to so many yards above ground;

a little way out of the circle stands Long Meg herself, a single Stone, eighteen feet high.

When the Author first saw this Monument, as he came upon it by surprise, he might over-

rate its importance as an object; but, though it will not bear a comparison with Stonehenge,

he must say, he has not seen any other Relique of those dark ages, which can pretend to

rival it in singularity and dignity of appearance.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 511

Loose vapours have I watched, that won

Prismatic colours from the sun;

Nor felt a wish that Heaven would show

The image of its perfect bow.

10

What need, then, of these finished Strains?

Away with counterfeit Remains!

An abbey in its lone recess,

A temple of the wilderness,

Wrecks though they be, announce with feeling

15

The majesty of honest dealing.

Spirit of Ossian! if imbound

In language thou may’st yet be found,

If aught (intrusted to the pen

Or floating on the tongues of Men,

20

Albeit shattered and impaired)

Subsist thy dignity to guard,

In concert with memorial claim

Of old grey stone, and high-born name,

That cleaves to rock or pillared cave,

25

Where moans the blast, or beats the wave,

Let Truth, stern Arbitress of all,

Interpret that Original,

And for presumptuous wrongs atone;

Authentic words be given, or none!

30

Time is not blind;—yet He, who spares

Pyramid pointing to the Stars,

Hath preyed with ruthless appetite

On all that marked the primal flight

Of the poetic ecstasy

35

Into the land of mystery.

No tongue is able to rehearse

One measure, Orpheus! of thy verse;

Musæus, stationed with his lyre

Supreme among the Elysian quire,

40

Is, for the dwellers upon earth,

Mute as a Lark ere morning’s birth.

Why grieve for these, though passed away

The Music, and extinct the Lay?

When thousands, by severer doom,

45

512 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Full early to the silent tomb

Have sunk, at Nature’s call; or strayed

From hope or promise, self-betrayed;

The garland withering on their brows;

Stung with remorse for broken vows;

50

Frantic—else how might they rejoice?

And friendless, by their own sad choice.

Hail, Bards of mightier grasp! on you

I chiefly call, the chosen Few,

Who cast not off the acknowledged guide,

55

Who faltered not, nor turned aside;

Whose lofty Genius could survive

Privation, under sorrow thrive;

In whom the fiery Muse revered

The symbol of a snow-white beard,

60

Bedewed with meditative tears

Dropped from the lenient cloud of years.

Brothers in Soul! though distant times

Produced you, nursed in various climes,

Ye, when the orb of life had waned,

65

A plenitude of love retained;

Hence, while in you each sad regret

By corresponding love was met,

Ye lingered among human kind,

Sweet voices for the passing wind;

70

Departing sunbeams, loth to stop,

Though smiling on the last hill top!

Such to the tender-hearted Maid

Even ere her joys begin to fade;

Such, haply, to the rugged Chief

75

By Fortune crushed, or tamed by grief;

Appears, on Morven’s lonely shore,

Dim-gleaming through imperfect lore,

The Son of Fingal; such was blind

Mæonides of ampler mind;

80

Such Milton, to the fountain head

Of Glory by Urania led!

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 513

The Somnambulist

1

List, ye who pass by Lyulph’s Tower

At eve; how softly then

Doth Aira-force, that torrent hoarse,

Speak from the woody glen!

Fit music for a solemn vale!

5

And holier seems the ground

To him who catches on the gale

The spirit of a mournful tale,

Embodied in the sound.

2

Not far from that fair site whereon

10

The Pleasure-house is reared,

As Story says, in antique days,

A stern-brow’d house appeared;

Foil to a jewel rich in light

There set, and guarded well;

15

Cage for a bird of plumage bright,

Sweet-voiced, nor wishing for a flight

Beyond her native dell.

3

To win this bright bird from her cage,

To make this gem their own,

20

Came Barons bold, with store of gold,

And Knights of high renown;

But one she prized, and only One;

Sir Eglamore was he;

Full happy season, when was known,

25

Ye Dales and Hills! to you alone

Their mutual loyalty—

4

Known chiefly, Aira! to thy glen,

Thy brook, and bowers of holly;

  “A pleasure-house built by the late Duke of Norfolk upon the banks of Ullswater. FORCE is

the word used in the Lake District for Water-fall.” WW

514 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Where Passion caught what Nature taught,

30

That all but Love is folly;

Where Fact with Fancy stooped to play,

Doubt came not, nor regret;

To trouble hours that winged their way,

As if through an immortal day

35

Whose sun could never set.

5

But in old times Love dwelt not long

Sequester’d with repose;

Best throve the fire of chaste desire,

Fanned by the breath of foes.

40

“A conquering lance is beauty’s test,

“And proves the Lover true;”

So spake Sir Eglamore, and pressed

The drooping Emma to his breast,

And looked a blind adieu.

45

6

They parted.—Well with him it fared

Through wide-spread regions errant;

A knight of proof in love’s behoof,

The thirst of fame his warrant:

And she her happiness can build

50

On woman’s quiet hours;

Though faint, compared with spear and shield,

The solace beads and masses yield,

And needlework and flowers.

7

Yet blest was Emma when she heard

55

Her Champion’s praise recounted;

Though brain would swim, and eyes grow dim,

And high her blushes mounted;

Or when a bold heroic lay

She warbled from full heart:

60

Delightful blossoms for the May

Of absence! but they will not stay,

Born only to depart.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 515

8

Hope wanes with her, while lustre fills

Whatever path he chooses;

65

As if his orb, that owns no curb,

Received the light hers loses.

He comes not back; an ampler space

Requires for nobler deeds;

He ranges on from place to place,

70

Till of his doings is no trace

But what her fancy breeds.

9

His fame may spread, but in the past

Her spirit finds its centre;

Clear sight she has of what he was,

75

And that would now content her.

“Still is he my devoted knight?”

The tear in answer flows;

Month falls on month with heavier weight;

Day sickens round her, and the night

80

Is empty of repose.

10

In sleep she sometimes walked abroad,

Deep sighs with quick words blending,

Like that pale Queen whose hands are seen

With fancied spots contending;

85

But she is innocent of blood,—

The moon is not more pure

That shines aloft, while through the wood

She thrids her way, the sounding Flood

Her melancholy lure!

90

11

While ’mid the fern-brake sleeps the doe,

And owls alone are waking,

In white arrayed, glides on the Maid

The downward pathway taking,

That leads her to the torrent’s side

95

And to a holly bower;

516 The Poems of William Wordsworth

By whom on this still night descried?

By whom in that lone place espied?

By thee, Sir Eglamore!

12

A wandering Ghost, so thinks the Knight,

100

His coming step has thwarted,

Beneath the boughs that heard their vows,

Within whose shade they parted.

Hush, hush, the busy Sleeper see!

Perplexed her fingers seem,

105

As if they from the holly tree

Green twigs would pluck, as rapidly

Flung from her to the stream.

13

What means the Spectre? Why intent

To violate the Tree,

110

Thought Eglamore, by which I swore

Unfading constancy?

Here am I, and to-morrow’s sun,

To her I left, shall prove

That bliss is ne’er so surely won

115

As when a circuit has been run

Of valour, truth, and love.

14

So from the spot whereon he stood,

He moved with stealthy pace;

And, drawing nigh, with his living eye,

120

He recognised the face;

And whispers caught, and speeches small,

Some to the green-leaved tree,

Some muttered to the torrent-fall,—

“Roar on, and bring him with thy call;

125

“I heard, and so may he!”

15

Soul-shattered was the Knight, nor knew

If Emma’s Ghost it were,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 517

Or boding Shade, or if the Maid

Her very self stood there.

130

He touched, what followed who shall tell?

The soft touch snapped the thread

Of slumber—shrieking back she fell,

And the Stream whirled her down the dell

Along its foaming bed.

135

16

In plunged the Knight! when on firm ground

The rescued Maiden lay,

Her eyes grew bright with blissful light,

Confusion passed away;

She heard, ere to the throne of grace

140

Her faithful Spirit flew,

His voice; beheld his speaking face,

And, dying, from his own embrace,

She felt that he was true.

17

So was he reconciled to life:

145

Brief words may speak the rest;

Within the dell he built a cell,

And there was Sorrow’s guest;

In hermits’ weeds repose he found,

From vain temptations free;

150

Beside the torrent dwelling—bound

By one deep heart-controlling sound,

And awed to piety.

18

Wild stream of Aira, hold thy course,

Nor fear memorial lays,

155

Where clouds that spread in solemn shade,

Are edged with golden rays!

Dear art thou to the light of Heaven,

Though minister of sorrow;

Sweet is thy voice at pensive Even;

160

And thou, in Lovers’ hearts forgiven,

Shalt take thy place with Yarrow!

518 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Stanzas

suggested in a steam-boat off st. bees’ heads, on the coast of

cumberland

[St. Bees’ Heads, anciently called the Cliff of Baruth, are a conspicuous sea-

mark for all vessels sailing in the N.E. Parts of the Irish Sea. In a bay, one

side of which is formed by the southern headland, stands the village of St.

Bees; a place distinguished, from very early times, for its religious and scho-

lastic foundations.

“St. Bees,” say Nicholson and Burns, “had its name from Bega, an holy

woman from Ireland, who is said to have founded here, about the year of our

Lord 650, a small monastery, where afterwards a church was built in memory

of her.

“The aforesaid religious house, being destroyed by the Danes, was

restored by William de Meschiens, son of Ranulph, and brother of Ranulph

de Meschiens, first Earl of Cumberland after the Conquest; and made a cell of

a prior and six Benedictine monks to the Abbey of St. Mary at York.”

Several traditions of miracles, connected with the foundation of the first

of these religious houses, survive among the people of the neighbourhood;

one of which is alluded to in the following Stanzas; and another, of a some-

what bolder and more peculiar character, has furnished the subject of a spir-

ited poem by the Rev. R. Parkinson, M.A., late Divinity Lecturer of St. Bees’

College, and now Fellow of the Collegiate Church of Manchester.

After the dissolution of the monasteries, Archbishop Grindal founded a free

school at St. Bees, from which the counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland

have derived great benefit; and recently, under the patronage of the Earl of

Lonsdale, a college has been established there for the education of ministers

for the English Church. The old Conventual Church has been repaired under

the superintendence of the Rev. Dr. Ainger, the Head of the College; and is

well worthy of being visited by any strangers who might be led to the neigh-

bourhood of this celebrated spot.

The form of stanza in the following Piece, and something in the style of

versification, are adopted from the “St. Monica,” a poem of much beauty

upon a monastic subject, by Charlotte Smith: a lady to whom English verse

is under greater obligations, than are likely to be either acknowledged or

remembered. She wrote little, and that little unambitiously, but with true feel-

ing for nature.]

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 519

Stanzas

suggested in a steam-boat off st. bees’ heads

1

If Life were slumber on a bed of down,

Toil unimposed, vicissitude unknown,

Sad were our lot: no Hunter of the Hare

Exults like him whose javelin from the lair

Has roused the Lion; no one plucks the Rose,

5

Whose proffered beauty in safe shelter blows

’Mid a trim garden’s summer luxuries,

With joy like his who climbs on hands and knees,

For some rare Plant, yon Headland of St. Bees.

2

This independence upon oar and sail,

10

This new indifference to breeze or gale,

This straight-lined progress, furrowing a flat lea,

And regular as if locked in certainty,

Depress the hours. Up, Spirit of the Storm!

That Courage may find something to perform;

15

That Fortitude, whose blood disdains to freeze

At Danger’s bidding, may confront the seas,

Firm as the towering Headlands of St. Bees.

3

Dread Cliff of Baruth! that wild wish may sleep,

Bold as if Men and Creatures of the Deep

20

Breathed the same Element: too many wrecks

Have struck thy sides, too many ghastly decks

Hast thou looked down upon, that such a thought

Should here be welcome, and in verse enwrought:

With thy stern aspect better far agrees

25

Utterance of thanks that we have past with ease,

As Millions thus shall do, the Headlands of St. Bees.

4

Yet, while each useful Art augments her store,

What boots the gain if Nature should lose more?

520 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And Wisdom, that once held a Christian place

30

In Man’s intelligence sublimed by grace?

When Bega sought of yore the Cumbrian coast,

Tempestuous winds her holy errand cross’d;

As high and higher heaved the billows, faith

Grew with them, mightier than the powers of death.

35

She knelt in prayer—the waves their wrath appease;

And, from her vow well weighed in Heaven’s decrees,

Rose, where she touched the strand, the Chauntry of St. Bees.

5

“Cruel of heart were they, bloody of hand,”

Who in these Wilds then struggled for command;

40

The strong were merciless, without hope the weak;

Till this bright Stranger came, fair as Day-break,

And as a Cresset true that darts its length

Of beamy lustre from a tower of strength;

Guiding the Mariner through troubled seas,

45

And cheering oft his peaceful reveries,

Like the fixed Light that crowns yon headland of St. Bees.

6

To aid the Votaress, miracles believed

Wrought in men’s minds, like miracles achieved;

So piety took root; and Song might tell

50

What humanizing Virtues round her Cell

Sprang up, and spread their fragrance wide around;

How savage bosoms melted at the sound

Of gospel-truth enchained in harmonies

Wafted o’er waves, or creeping through close trees,

55

From her religious Mansion of St. Bees.

7

When her sweet Voice, that instrument of love,

Was glorified, and took its place, above

The silent stars, among the angelic Quire,

Her Chauntry blazed with sacrilegious fire,

60

And perished utterly; but her good deeds

Had sown the spot that witnessed them with seeds

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 521

Which lay in earth expectant, till a breeze

With quickening impulse answered their mute pleas,

And lo! a statelier Pile, the Abbey of St. Bees.

65

8

There were the naked clothed, the hungry fed;

And Charity extended to the Dead

Her intercessions made for the soul’s rest

Of tardy Penitents; or for the best

Among the good (when love might else have slept,

70

Sickened, or died) in pious memory kept.

Thanks to the austere and simple Devotees,

Who, to that service bound by venial fees,

Kept watch before the Altars of St. Bees.

9

Were not, in sooth, their Requiems sacred ties

75

Woven out of passion’s sharpest agonies,

Subdued, composed, and formalized by art,

To fix a wiser sorrow in the heart?

The prayer for them whose hour was past away

Said to the Living, profit while ye may!

80

A little part, and that the worst, he sees

Who thinks that priestly cunning holds the keys

That best unlock the secrets of St. Bees.

10

Conscience, the timid being’s inmost light,

Hope of the dawn and solace of the night,

85

Cheers these Recluses with a steady ray

In many an hour when judgement goes astray.

Ah! scorn not hastily their rule who try

Earth to despise, and flesh to mortify;

Consume with zeal, in wingèd extacies

90

Of prayer and praise forget their rosaries,

Nor hear the loudest surges of St. Bees.

  For WW’s note on “sacred ties” see the notes at the end of this volume.

522 The Poems of William Wordsworth

11

Yet none so prompt to succour and protect

The forlorn Traveller, or Sailor wrecked

On the bare coast; nor do they grudge the boon

95

Which staff and cockle hat and sandal shoon

Claim for the Pilgrim: and, though chidings sharp

May sometimes greet the strolling Minstrel’s harp,

It is not then when, swept with sportive ease,

It charms a feast-day throng of all degrees,

100

Brightening the archway of revered St. Bees.

12

How did the Cliffs and echoing Hills rejoice

What time the Benedictine Brethren’s voice,

Imploring, or commanding with meet pride,

Summoned the Chiefs to lay their feuds aside,

105

And under one blest ensign serve the Lord

In Palestine. Advance, indignant Sword!

Flaming till thou from Panym hands release

That Tomb, dread centre of all sanctities

Nursed in the quiet Abbey of St. Bees.

110

13

On, Champions, on!—But mark! the passing Day

Submits her intercourse to milder sway,

With high and low whose busy thoughts from far

Follow the fortunes which they may not share.

While in Judea Fancy loves to roam,

115

She helps to make a Holy-land at home:

The Star of Bethlehem from its sphere invites

To sound the crystal depth of maiden rights;

And wedded life, through scriptural mysteries,

Heavenward ascends with all her charities,

120

Taught by the hooded Celibates of St. Bees.

14

Who with the ploughshare clove the barren moors,

And to green meadows changed the swampy shores?

Thinned the rank woods; and for the cheerful Grange

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 523

Made room where Wolf and Boar were used to range?

125

Who taught, and showed by deeds, that gentler chains

Should bind the Vassal to his Lord’s domains?

The thoughtful Monks, intent their God to please,

For Christ’s dear sake, by human sympathies

Poured from the bosom of thy Church, St. Bees!

130

15

But all availed not; by a mandate given

Through lawless will the Brotherhood was driven

Forth from their cells;—their ancient House laid low

In Reformation’s sweeping overthrow.

But now once more the local Heart revives,

135

The inextinguishable Spirit strives.

Oh may that Power who hushed the stormy seas,

And cleared a way for the first Votaries,

Prosper the new-born College of St. Bees!

16

Alas! the Genius of our age from Schools

140

Less humble draws her lessons, aims, and rules.

To Prowess guided by her insight keen

Matter and Spirit are as one Machine;

Boastful Idolatress of formal skill

She in her own would merge the eternal will:

145

Expert to move in paths that Newton trod,

From Newton’s Universe would banish God.

Better, if Reason’s triumphs match with these,

Her flight before the bold credulities

That furthered the first teaching of St. Bees.

150

524

Memorials of a Tour in Italy. 1837

Memorials of a Tour in Italy

1837

To Henry Crabb Robinson.

Companion! by whose buoyant Spirit cheered,

To whose experience trusting, day by day

Treasures I gained with zeal that neither feared

The toils nor felt the crosses of the way,

These records take, and happy should I be

5

Were but the Gift a meet Return to thee

For kindnesses that never ceased to flow,

And prompt self-sacrifice to which I owe

Far more than any heart but mine can know.

W. WordsWorTh.

rydal mount,

Feb. 14 th, 1842 .

The Tour of which the following Poems are very inadequate remembrances

was shortened by report, too well founded, of the prevalence of Cholera at

Naples. To make some amends for what was reluctantly left unseen in the

South of Italy, we visited the Tuscan Sanctuaries among the Apennines, and

the principal Italian Lakes among the Alps. Neither of those lakes, nor of

Venice, is there any notice in these Poems, chiefly because I have touched

upon them elsewhere. See, in particular, “Descriptive Sketches,” “Memorials

of a Tour on the Continent in 1820,” and a Sonnet upon the extinction of the

Venetian Republic.

Musings Near Aquapendente

april 1837

Ye Apennines! with all your fertile vales

  WW’s  notes  are  those  published  with  the  series  in  Poems, Chiefly of Early and Late Years,  1842. For the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, 820–845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 73–739, and

795–809.

2  WW’s  notes  are  those  published  with  the  series  in  Poems, Chiefly of Early and Late Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 525

Deeply embosomed, and your winding shores

Of either sea, an Islander by birth,

A Mountaineer by habit, would resound

Your praise, in meet accordance with your claims

5

Bestowed by Nature, or from man’s great deeds

Inherited:—presumptuous thought!—it fled

Like vapour, like a towering cloud dissolved.

Not, therefore, shall my mind give way to sadness;—

Yon snow-white torrent-fall, plumb down it drops

10

Yet ever hangs or seems to hang in air,

Lulling the leisure of that high perched town,

Aquapendente, in her lofty site

Its neighbour and its namesake—town, and flood

Forth flashing out of its own gloomy chasm

15

Bright sunbeams—the fresh verdure of this lawn

Strewn with grey rocks, and on the horizon’s verge,

O’er intervenient waste, through glimmering haze,

Unquestionably kenned, that cone-shaped hill

With fractured summit, no indifferent sight

20

To travellers, from such comforts as are thine,

Bleak Radicofani! escaped with joy—

These are before me; and the varied scene

May well suffice, till noon-tide’s sultry heat

Relax, to fix and satisfy the mind

25

Passive yet pleased. What! with this Broom in flower

Close at my side. She bids me fly to greet

Her sisters, soon like her to be attired

With golden blossoms opening at the feet

Of my own Fairfield. The glad greeting given,

30

Given with a voice and by a look returned

Of old companionship, Time counts not minutes

Ere, from accustomed paths, familiar fields,

The local Genius hurries me aloft,

Transported over that cloud-wooing hill,

35

Seat Sandal, a fond suitor of the clouds,

With dream-like smoothness, to Helvellyn’s top,

There to alight upon crisp moss and range,

Years, 842. For the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, 1820–1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 73–739, and

795–809.

526 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Obtaining ampler boon, at every step,

Of visual sovereignty—hills multitudinous,

40

(Not Apennine can boast of fairer) hills

Pride of two nations, wood and lake and plains,

And prospect right below of deep coves shaped

By skeleton arms, that, from the mountain’s trunk

Extended, clasp the winds, with mutual moan

45

Struggling for liberty, while undismayed

The shepherd struggles with them. Onward thence

And downward by the skirt of Greenside fell,

And by Glenridding-screes, and low Glencoign,

Places forsaken now, but loving still

50

The muses, as they loved them in the days

Of the old minstrels and the border bards.—

But here am I fast bound;—and let it pass,

The simple rapture;—who that travels far

To feed his mind with watchful eyes could share

55

Or wish to share it?—One there surely was,

“The Wizard of the North,” with anxious hope

Brought to this genial climate, when disease

Preyed upon body and mind—yet not the less

Had his sunk eye kindled at those dear words

60

That spake of bards and minstrels; and his spirit

Had flown with mine to old Helvellyn’s brow,

Where once together, in his day of strength,

We stood rejoicing, as if earth were free

From sorrow, like the sky above our heads.

65

Years followed years, and when, upon the eve

Of his last going from Tweed-side, thought turned,

Or by another’s sympathy was led,

To this bright land, Hope was for him no friend,

Knowledge no help; Imagination shaped

70

No promise. Still, in more than ear-deep seats,

Survives for me, and cannot but survive

The tone of voice which wedded borrowed words

To sadness not their own, when, with faint smile

Forced by intent to take from speech its edge,

75

He said, “When I am there, although ’tis fair,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 527

“Twill be another Yarrow.” Prophecy

More than fulfilled, as gay Campania’s shores

Soon witnessed, and the city of seven hills,

Her sparkling fountains, and her mouldering tombs;

80

And more than all, that Eminence which showed

Her splendors, seen, not felt, the while he stood

A few short steps (painful they were) apart

From Tasso’s Convent-haven, and retired grave.

Peace to their Spirits! why should Poesy

85

Yield to the lure of vain regret, and hover

In gloom on wings with confidence outspread

To move in sunshine?—Utter thanks, my Soul!

Tempered with awe, and sweetened by compassion

For them who in the shades of sorrow dwell,

90

That I—so near the term to human life

Appointed by man’s common heritage,

Frail as the frailest, one withal (if that

Deserve a thought) but little known to fame—

Am free to rove where Nature’s loveliest looks,

95

Art’s noblest relics, history’s rich bequests,

Failed to reanimate and but feebly cheered

The whole world’s Darling—free to rove at will

O’er high and low, and if requiring rest,

Rest from enjoyment only.

Thanks poured forth

100

For what thus far hath blessed my wanderings, thanks

Fervent but humble as the lips can breathe

Where gladness seems a duty—let me guard

Those seeds of expectation which the fruit

Already gathered in this favoured Land

105

Enfolds within its core. The faith be mine,

That He who guides and governs all, approves

When gratitude, though disciplined to look

Beyond these transient spheres, doth wear a crown

Of earthly hope put on with trembling hand;

110

  “These words were quoted to me from “Yarrow Unvisited,” by Sir Walter Scott when I vis-

ited him at Abbotsford, a day or two before his departure for Italy: and the affecting condi-

tion in which he was when he looked upon Rome from the Janicular Mount, was reported

to me by a lady who had the honour of conducting him thither.” WW

For  Yarrow Unvisited, see vol. 2 of this edition.

528 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Nor is least pleased, we trust, when golden beams,

Reflected through the mists of age, from hours

Of innocent delight, remote or recent,

Shoot but a little way—’tis all they can—

Into the doubtful future. Who would keep

115

Power must resolve to cleave to it through life,

Else it deserts him, surely as he lives.

Saints would not grieve nor guardian angels frown

If one—while tossed, as was my lot to be,

In a frail bark urged by two slender oars

120

Over waves rough and deep, that, when they broke

Dashed their white foam against the palace walls

Of Genoa the superb—should there be led

To meditate upon his own appointed tasks,

However humble in themselves, with thoughts

125

Raised and sustained by memory of Him

Who oftentimes within those narrow bounds

Rocked on the surge, there tried his spirit’s strength

And grasp of purpose, long ere sailed his ship

To lay a new world open.

Nor less prized

130

Be those impressions which incline the heart

To mild, to lowly, and to seeming weak,

Bend that way her desires. The dew, the storm—

The dew whose moisture fell in gentle drops

On the small hyssop destined to become,

135

By Hebrew ordinance devoutly kept,

A purifying instrument—the storm

That shook on Lebanon the cedar’s top,

And as it shook, enabling the blind roots

Further to force their way, endowed its trunk

140

With magnitude and strength fit to uphold

The glorious temple—did alike proceed

From the same gracious will, were both an offspring

Of bounty infinite.

Between Powers that aim

Higher to lift their lofty heads, impelled

145

By no profane ambition, Powers that thrive

By conflict, and their opposites, that trust

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 529

In lowliness—a mid-way tract there lies

Of thoughtful sentiment for every mind

Pregnant with good. Young, Middle-aged, and Old,

150

From century on to century, must have known

The emotion—nay, more fitly were it said—

The blest tranquillity that sunk so deep

Into my spirit, when I paced, enclosed

In Pisa’s Campo Santo, the smooth floor

155

Of its Arcades paved with sepulchral slabs,

And through each window’s open fret-work looked

O’er the blank Area of sacred earth

Fetched from Mount Calvary, or haply delved

In precincts nearer to the Saviour’s tomb,

160

By hands of men, humble as brave, who fought

For its deliverance—a capacious field

That to descendants of the dead it holds

And to all living mute memento breathes,

More touching far than aught which on the walls

165

Is pictured, or their epitaphs can speak,

Of the changed City’s long-departed power,

Glory, and wealth, which, perilous as they are,

Here did not kill, but nourished, Piety.

And, high above that length of cloistral roof,

170

Peering in air and backed by azure sky,

To kindred contemplations ministers

The Baptistery’s dome, and that which swells

From the Cathedral pile; and with the twain

Conjoined in prospect mutable or fixed

175

(As hurry on in eagerness the feet,

Or pause) the summit of the Leaning-tower.

Not less remuneration waits on him

Who having left the Cemetery stands

In the Tower’s shadow, of decline and fall

180

Admonished not without some sense of fear,

Fear that soon vanishes before the sight

Of splendor unextinguished, pomp unscathed,

And beauty unimpaired. Grand in itself,

And for itself, the assemblage, grand and fair

185

To view, and for the mind’s consenting eye

530 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A type of age in man, upon its front

Bearing the world-acknowledged evidence

Of past exploits, nor fondly after more

Struggling against the stream of destiny,

190

But with its peaceful majesty content.

—Oh what a spectacle at every turn

The Place unfolds, from pavement skinned with moss,

Or grass-grown spaces, where the heaviest foot

Provokes no echoes, but must softly tread;

195

Where Solitude with Silence paired stops short

Of Desolation, and to Ruin’s scythe

Decay submits not.

But where’er my steps

Shall wander, chiefly let me cull with care

Those images of genial beauty, oft

200

Too lovely to be pensive in themselves

But by reflexion made so, which do best,

And fitliest serve to crown with fragrant wreaths

Life’s cup when almost filled with years, like mine.

—How lovely robed in forenoon light and shade,

205

Each ministering to each, didst thou appear

Savona, Queen of territory fair

As aught that marvellous coast thro’ all its length

Yields to the Stranger’s eye. Remembrance holds

As a selected treasure thy one cliff,

210

That, while it wore for melancholy crest

A shattered Convent, yet rose proud to have

Clinging to its steep sides a thousand herbs

And shrubs, whose pleasant looks gave proof how kind

The breath of air can be where earth had else

215

Seemed churlish. And behold, both far and near,

Garden and field all decked with orange bloom,

And peach and citron, in Spring’s mildest breeze

Expanding; and, along the smooth shore curved

Into a natural port, a tideless sea,

220

To that mild breeze with motion and with voice

Softly responsive; and, attuned to all

Those vernal charms of sight and sound, appeared

Smooth space of turf which from the guardian fort

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 531

Sloped seaward, turf whose tender April green,

225

In coolest climes too fugitive, might even here

Plead with the sovereign Sun for longer stay

Than his unmitigated beams allow,

Nor plead in vain, if beauty could preserve,

From mortal change, aught that is born on earth

230

Or doth on time depend.

While on the brink

Of that high Convent-crested cliff I stood,

Modest Savona! over all did brood

A pure poetic Spirit—as the breeze,

Mild—as the verdure, fresh—the sunshine, bright,

235

Thy gentle Chiabrera!—not a stone,

Mural or level with the trodden floor,

In Church or Chapel, if my curious quest

Missed not the truth, retains a single name

Of young or old, warrior, or saint, or sage,

240

To whose dear memories his sepulchral verse

Paid simple tribute, such as might have flowed

From the clear spring of a plain English heart,

Say rather, one in native fellowship

With all who want not skill to couple grief

245

With praise, as genuine admiration prompts.

The grief, the praise, are severed from their dust,

Yet in his page the records of that worth

Survive, uninjured;—glory then to words,

Honour to word-preserving Arts, and hail

250

Ye kindred local influences that still,

If Hope’s familiar whispers merit faith,

Await my steps when they the breezy height

Shall range of philosophic Tusculum;

Or Sabine vales explored inspire a wish

255

To meet the shade of Horace by the side

Of his Bandusian fount; or I invoke

His presence to point out the spot where once

He sate, and eulogized with earnest pen

Peace, leisure, freedom, moderate desires;

260

1 “If any English reader should be desirous of knowing how far I am justified in thus describing the epitaphs of Chiabrera, he will find translated specimens of them in the 5th volume

of my poems.” WW

532 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And all the immunities of rural life

Extolled, behind Vacuna’s crumbling fane.

Or let me loiter, soothed with what is given,

Nor asking more on that delicious Bay,

Parthenope’s Domain—Virgilian haunt,

265

Illustrated with never-dying verse,

And, by the Poet’s laurel-shaded tomb,

Age after age to Pilgrims from all lands

Endeared.

And who—if not a man as cold

In heart as dull in brain—while pacing ground

270

Chosen by Rome’s legendary Bards, high minds

Out of her early struggles well inspired

To localize heroic acts—could look

Upon the spots with undelighted eye,

Though even to their last syllable the Lays

275

And very names of those who gave them birth

Have perished?—Verily, to her utmost depth,

Imagination feels what Reason fears not

To recognize, the lasting virtue lodged

In those bold fictions that, by deeds assigned

280

To the Valerian, Fabian, Curian Race,

And others like in fame, created Powers

With attributes from History derived,

By Poesy irradiate, and yet graced,

Through marvellous felicity of skill,

285

With something more propitious to high aims

Than either, pent within her separate sphere,

Can oft with justice claim.

And not disdaining

Union with those primeval energies

To virtue consecrate, stoop ye from your height

290

Christian Traditions! at my Spirit’s call

Descend, and, on the brow of ancient Rome

As she survives in ruin, manifest

Your glories mingled with the brightest hues

Of her memorial halo, fading, fading,

295

But never to be extinct while Earth endures.

O come, if undishonoured by the prayer,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 533

From all her Sanctuaries!—Open for my feet

Ye Catacombs, give to mine eyes a glimpse

Of the Devout, as, mid your glooms convened

300

For safety, they of yore enclasped the Cross

On knees that ceased from trembling, or intoned

Their orisons with voices half-suppressed,

But sometimes heard, or fancies to be heard,

Even at this hour.

And thou Mamertine prison,

305

Into that vault receive me from whose depth

Issues, revealed in no presumptuous vision,

Albeit lifting human to divine,

A Saint, the Church’s Rock, the mystic Keys

Grasped in his hand; and lo! with upright sword

310

Prefiguring his own impendent doom,

The Apostle of the Gentiles; both prepared

To suffer pains with heathen scorn and hate

Inflicted;—blessed Men, for so to Heaven

They follow their dear Lord!

Time flows—nor winds,

315

Nor stagnates, nor precipitates his course,

But many a benefit borne upon his breast

For human-kind sinks out of sight, is gone,

No one knows how; nor seldom is put forth

An angry arm that snatches good away,

320

Never perhaps to reappear. The Stream

Has to our generation brought and brings

Innumerable gains; yet we, who now

Walk in the light of day, pertain full surely

To a chilled age, most pitiably shut out

325

From that which is and actuates, by forms,

Abstractions, and by lifeless fact to fact

Minutely linked with diligence uninspired,

Unrectified, unguided, unsustained,

By godlike insight. To this fate is doomed

330

Science, wide-spread and spreading still as be

Her conquests, in the world of sense made known.

So with the internal mind it fares; and so

With morals, trusting, in contempt or fear

534 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of vital principle’s controlling law,

335

To her pur-blind guide Expediency; and so

Suffers religious faith. Elate with view

Of what is won, we overlook or scorn

The best that should keep pace with it, and must,

Else more and more the general mind will droop,

340

Even as if bent on perishing. There lives

No faculty within us which the Soul

Can spare, and humblest earthly Weal demands,

For dignity not placed beyond her reach,

Zealous co-operation of all means

345

Given or acquired, to raise us from the mire,

And liberate our hearts from low pursuits.

By gross Utilities enslaved we need

More of ennobling impulse from the past,

If to the future aught of good must come

350

Sounder and therefore holier than the ends

Which, in the giddiness of self applause,

We covet as supreme. O grant the crown

That Wisdom wears, or take his treacherous staff

From Knowledge!—If the Muse, whom I have served

355

This day, be mistress of a single pearl

Fit to be placed in that pure diadem;

Then, not in vain, under these chesnut boughs

Reclined, shall I have yielded up my soul

To transports from the secondary founts

360

Flowing of time and place, and paid to both

Due homage; nor shall fruitlessly have striven,

By love of beauty moved, to enshrine in verse

Accordant meditations, which in times

Vexed and disordered, as our own, may shed

365

Influence, at least among a scattered few,

To soberness of mind and peace of heart

Friendly; as here to my repose hath been

This flowering broom’s dear neighbourhood, the light

And murmur issuing from yon pendent flood,

370

And all the varied landscape. Let us now

Rise, and to-morrow greet magnificent Rome.

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 535

I

the pine of monte mario at rome

I saw far off the dark top of a Pine

Look like a cloud—a slender stem the tie

That bound it to its native earth—poised high

’Mid evening hues, along the horizon line,

Striving in peace each other to outshine.

5

But when I learned the Tree was living there,

Saved from the sordid axe by Beaumont’s care,

Oh, what a gush of tenderness was mine!

The rescued Pine-tree, with its sky so bright

And cloud-like beauty, rich in thoughts of home,

10

Death-parted friends, and days too swift in flight,

Supplanted the whole majesty of Rome

(Then first apparent from the Pincian Height)

Crowned with St. Peter’s everlasting Dome.

II

at rome

Is this, ye Gods, the Capitolian Hill?

Yon petty Steep in truth the fearful Rock,

Tarpeian named of yore, and keeping still

That name, a local Phantom proud to mock

The Traveller’s expectation?—Could our Will

5

Destroy the ideal Power within, ’twere done

Thro’ what men see and touch,—slaves wandering on,

Impelled by thirst of all but Heaven-taught skill.

Full oft, our wish obtained, deeply we sigh;

Yet not unrecompensed are they who learn,

10

From that depression raised, to mount on high

With stronger wing, more clearly to discern

Eternal things; and, if need be, defy

Change, with a brow not insolent, though stern.

  “Within a couple of hours of my arrival at Rome, I saw from Monte Pincio, the Pine tree

as described in the sonnet; and, while expressing admiration at the beauty of its appear-

ance, I was told by an acquaintance of my fellow-traveller, who happened to join us at the

moment, that a price had been paid for it by the late Sir G. Beaumont, upon condition that

the proprietor should not act upon his known intention of cutting it down.” WW

536 The Poems of William Wordsworth

III

at rome.—regrets.—in allusion to niebuhr

and other modern historians

Those old credulities, to nature dear,

Shall they no longer bloom upon the stock

Of History, stript naked as a rock

’Mid a dry desert? What is it we hear?

The glory of Infant Rome must disappear,

5

Her morning splendors vanish, and their place

Know them no more. If Truth, who veiled her face

With those bright beams yet hid it not, must steer

Henceforth a humbler course perplexed and slow;

One solace yet remains for us who came

10

Into this world in days when story lacked

Severe research, that in our hearts we know

How, for exciting youth’s heroic flame,

Assent is power, belief the soul of fact.

IV

continued

Complacent Fictions were they, yet the same

Involved a history of no doubtful sense,

History that proves by inward evidence

From what a precious source of truth it came.

Ne’er could the boldest Eulogist have dared

5

Such deeds to paint, such characters to frame,

But for coeval sympathy prepared

To greet with instant faith their loftiest claim.

None but a noble people could have loved

Flattery in Ancient Rome’s pure-minded style:

10

Not in like sort the Runic Scald was moved;

He, nursed ’mid savage passions that defile

Humanity, sang feats that well might call

For the blood-thirsty mead of Odin’s riotous Hall.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 537

V

plea for the historian

Forbear to deem the Chronicler unwise,

Ungentle, or untouched by seemly ruth,

Who, gathering up all that Time’s envious tooth

Has spared of sound and grave realities,

Firmly rejects those dazzling flatteries,

5

Dear as they are to unsuspecting Youth,

That might have drawn down Clio from the skies

Her rights to claim, and vindicate the truth.

Her faithful Servants while she walked with men

Were they who, not unmindful of her Sire

10

All-ruling Jove, whate’er their theme might be

Revered her Mother, sage Mnemosyne,

And, at the Muse’s will, invoked the lyre

To animate, but not mislead, the pen.

VI

at rome

They—who have seen the noble Roman’s scorn

Break forth at thought of laying down his head,

When the blank day is over, garreted

In his ancestral palace, where, from morn

To night, the desecrated floors are worn

5

By feet of purse-proud strangers; they—who have read

In one meek smile, beneath a peasant’s shed,

How patiently the weight of wrong is borne;

They—who have heard thy lettered sages treat

Of freedom, with mind grasping the whole theme

10

From ancient Rome, downwards through that bright dream

Of Commonwealths, each city a starlike seat

Of rival glory; they—fallen Italy—

Nor must, nor will, nor can, despair of Thee!

      “Quem virum—lyra—

—sumes celebrare Clio?” WW quotes part of Horace’s  Odes, I, xii, ll. –3 (“What

man, Clio, will you choose to praise with your lyre”).

538 The Poems of William Wordsworth

VII

near rome, in sight of st. peter’s

Long has the dew been dried on tree and lawn;

O’er man and beast a not unwelcome boon

Is shed, the languor of approaching noon;

To shady rest withdrawing or withdrawn

Mute are all creatures, as this couchant fawn,

5

Save insect-swarms that hum in air afloat,

Save that the Cock is crowing, a shrill note,

Startling and shrill as that which roused the dawn.

Heard in that hour, or when, as now, the nerve

Shrinks from the voice as from a mis-timed thing,

10

Oft for a holy warning may it serve,

Charged with remembrance of his sudden sting,

His bitter tears, whose name the Papal Chair

And yon resplendent church are proud to bear.

VIII

at albano

Days passed—and Monte Calvo would not clear

His head from mist; and, as the wind sobbed through

Albano’s dripping Ilex avenue,

My dull forebodings in a Peasant’s ear

Found casual vent. She said, “Be of good cheer;

5

Our yesterday’s procession did not sue

In vain; the sky will change to sunny blue,

Thanks to our Lady’s grace.” I smiled to hear,

But not in scorn:—the Matron’s Faith may lack

The heavenly sanction needed to ensure

10

Its own fulfilment; but her upward track

Stops not at this low point, nor wants the lure

Of flowers the Virgin without fear may own,

For by her Son’s blest hand the seed was sown.

Ix

Near Anio’s stream, I spied a gentle Dove

Perched on an olive branch, and heard her cooing

’Mid new-born blossoms that soft airs were wooing,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 539

While all things present told of joy and love.

But restless Fancy left that olive grove

5

To hail the exploratory Bird renewing

Hope for the few, who, at the world’s undoing,

On the great flood were spared to live and move.

O bounteous Heaven! signs true as dove and bough

Brought to the ark are coming evermore,

10

Even though men seek them not, but, while they plough

This sea of life without a visible shore,

Do neither promise ask nor grace implore

In what alone is ours, the vouchsafed Now.

x

from the alban hills, looking towards rome

Forgive, illustrious Country! these deep sighs,

Heaved less for thy bright plains and hills bestrown

With monuments decayed or overthrown,

For all that tottering stands or prostrate lies,

Than for like scenes in moral vision shown,

5

Ruin perceived for keener sympathies;

Faith crushed, yet proud of weeds, her gaudy crown;

Virtues laid low, and mouldering energies.

Yet why prolong this mournful strain?—Fallen Power,

Thy fortunes, twice exalted, might provoke

10

Verse to glad notes prophetic of the hour

When thou, uprisen, shalt break thy double yoke,

And enter, with prompt aid from the Most High,

On the third stage of thy great destiny.

xI

near the lake of thrasymene

When here with Carthage Rome to conflict came,

An earthquake, mingling with the battle’s shock,

Checked not its rage; unfelt the ground did rock,

Sword dropped not, javelin kept its deadly aim.—

Now all is sun-bright peace. Of that day’s shame,

5

Or glory, not a vestige seems to endure,

Save in this Rill that took from blood the name

540 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Which yet it bears, sweet stream! as crystal pure.

So may all trace and sign of deeds aloof

10

From the true guidance of humanity,

Thro’ Time and Nature’s influence, purify

Their spirit; or, unless they for reproof

Or warning serve, thus let them all, on ground

That gave them being, vanish to a sound.

xII

near the same lake

For action born, existing to be tried,

Powers manifold we have that intervene

To stir the heart that would too closely screen

Her peace from images to pain allied.

What wonder if at midnight, by the side

5

Of Sanguinetto or broad Thrasymene,

The clang of arms is heard, and phantoms glide,

Unhappy ghosts in troops by moonlight seen;

And singly thine, O vanquished Chief! whose corse,

Unburied, lay hid under heaps of slain:

10

But who is He?—the Conqueror. Would he force

His way to Rome? Ah, no,—round hill and plain

Wandering, he haunts, at fancy’s strong command,

This spot—his shadowy death-cup in his hand.

The Cuckoo at Laverna

may 25th, 1837

List—’twas the Cuckoo.—O with what delight

Heard I that voice! and catch it now, though faint,

Far off and faint, and melting into air,

Yet not to be mistaken. Hark again!

  “Laverna  is  one  of  the  three  famous  Convents  called  the  three  Tuscan  Sanctuaries—

Camaldoli  and  Vallombrosa  are  the  other  two.  Laverna  was  founded  by  S  Francis  of

Assissi, and the  Monks are Franciscans.—In the following verses I am much indebted

to a passage in a Letter of one of Mrs Corbelins relations—which passage was suggested

by my own Poem, to the Cuckoo. You will see some account of these sanctuaries in the

Quarto Volume which you will recollect Lady Charlotte Bury sent  me—It contains, as well

as her poem, drawings by her Husband.—





transcribed at Munich April 8th [8]37”

Manuscript note in WW’s hand prefixed to poem in DC MS. 141.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 541

Those louder cries give notice that the Bird,

5

Although invisible as Echo’s self,

Is wheeling hitherward. Thanks, happy Creature,

For this unthought-of greeting!

While allured

From vale to hill, from hill to vale led on,

We have pursued, through various lands, a long

10

And pleasant course; flower after flower has blown,

Embellishing the ground that gave them birth

With aspects novel to my sight; but still

Most fair, most welcome, when they drank the dew

In a sweet fellowship with kinds beloved,

15

For old remembrance sake. And oft—where Spring

Display’d her richest blossoms among files

Of orange-trees bedecked with glowing fruit

Ripe for the hand, or under a thick shade

Of Ilex, or, if better suited to the hour,

20

The lightsome Olive’s twinkling canopy—

Oft have I heard the Nightingale and Thrush

Blending as in a common English grove

Their love-songs; but, where’er my feet might roam,

Whate’er assemblages of new and old,

25

Strange and familiar, might beguile the way,

A gratulation from that vagrant Voice

Was wanting;—and most happily till now.

For see, Laverna! mark the far-famed Pile,

High on the brink of that precipitous rock,

30

Implanted like a Fortress, as in truth

It is, a Christian Fortress, garrisoned

In faith and hope, and dutiful obedience,

By a few Monks, a stern society,

Dead to the world and scorning earth-born joys.

35

Nay—though the hopes that drew, the fears that drove,

St. Francis, far from Man’s resort, to abide

Among these sterile heights of Apennine,

Bound him, nor, since he raised yon House, have ceased

To bind his spiritual Progeny, with rules

40

Stringent as flesh can tolerate and live;

His milder Genius (thanks to the good God

542 The Poems of William Wordsworth

That made us) over those severe restraints

Of mind, that dread heart-freezing discipline,

Doth sometimes here predominate, and works

45

By unsought means for gracious purposes;

For earth through heaven, for heaven, by changeful earth,

Illustrated, and mutually endeared.

Rapt though He were above the power of sense,

Familiarly, yet out of the cleansed heart

50

Of that once sinful Being overflowed

On sun, moon, stars, the nether elements,

And every shape of creature they sustain,

Divine affections; and with beast and bird

(Stilled from afar—such marvel story tells—

55

By casual outbreak of his passionate words,

And from their own pursuits in field or grove

Drawn to his side by look or act of love

Humane, and virtue of his innocent life)

He wont to hold companionship so free,

60

So pure, so fraught with knowledge and delight,

As to be likened in his Followers’ minds

To that which our first Parents, ere the fall

From their high state darkened the Earth with fear,

Held with all Kinds in Eden’s blissful bowers.

65

Then question not that, ’mid the austere Band,

Who breathe the air he breathed, tread where he trod,

Some true Partakers of his loving spirit

Do still survive, and, with those gentle hearts

Consorted, Others, in the power, the faith,

70

Of a baptized imagination, prompt

To catch from Nature’s humblest monitors

Whate’er they bring of impulses sublime.

Thus sensitive must be the Monk, though pale

With fasts, with vigils worn, depressed by years,

75

Whom in a sunny glade I chanced to see,

Upon a pine-tree’s storm-uprooted trunk,

Seated alone, with forehead sky-ward raised,

Hands clasped above the crucifix he wore

Appended to his bosom, and lips closed

80

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 543

By the joint pressure of his musing mood

And habit of his vow. That ancient Man—

Nor haply less the Brother whom I marked,

As we approached the Convent gate, aloft

Looking far forth from his aerial cell,

85

A young Ascetic—Poet, Hero, Sage,

He might have been, Lover belike he was—

If they received into a conscious ear

The notes whose first faint greeting startled me,

Whose sedulous iteration thrilled with joy

90

My heart—may have been moved like me to think,

Ah! not like me who walk in the world’s ways,

On the great Prophet, styled the Voice of One

Crying amid the wilderness, and given,

Now that their snows must melt, their herbs and flowers

95

Revive, their obstinate winter pass away,

That awful name to Thee, thee, simple Cuckoo,

Wandering in solitude, and evermore

Foretelling and proclaiming, ere thou leave

This thy last haunt beneath Italian skies

100

To carry thy glad tidings over heights

Still loftier, and to climes more near the Pole.

Voice of the Desert, fare-thee-well; sweet Bird!

If that substantial title please thee more,

Farewell!—but go thy way, no need hast thou

105

Of a good wish sent after thee; from bower

To bower as green, from sky to sky as clear,

Thee gentle breezes waft—or airs that meet

Thy course and sport around thee softly fan—

Till Night, descending upon hill and vale,

110

Grants to thy mission a brief term of silence,

And folds thy pinions up in blest repose.

xIII

at the convent of camaldoli

Grieve for the Man who hither came bereft,

And seeking consolation from above;

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

544 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Nor grieve the less that skill to him was left

To paint this picture of his lady-love:

Can she, a blessed saint, the work approve?

5

And O, good brethren of the cowl, a thing

So fair, to which with peril he must cling,

Destroy in pity, or with care remove.

That bloom—those eyes—can they assist to bind

Thoughts that would stray from Heaven? The dream must cease

10

To be; by Faith, not sight, his soul must live;

Else will the enamoured Monk too surely find

How wide a space can part from inward peace

The most profound repose his cell can give.

xIV

continued

The world forsaken, all its busy cares

And stirring interests shunned with desperate flight,

All trust abandoned in the healing might

Of virtuous action; all that courage dares,

Labour accomplishes, or patience bears—

5

Those helps rejected, they, whose minds perceive

How subtly works man’s weakness, sighs may heave

For such a One beset with cloistral snares.

Father of Mercy! rectify his view,

If with his vows this object ill agree;

10

Shed over it thy grace, and so subdue

Imperious passion in a heart set free;

That earthly love may to herself be true,

Give him a soul that cleaveth unto thee.

xV

at the eremite or upper convent of camaldoli

What aim had they, the Pair of Monks, in size

  “In justice to the Benedictines of Camaldoli, by whom strangers are so hospitably enter-

tained, I feel obliged to notice, that I saw among them no other figures at all resembling,

in size and complexion, the two Monks described in this Sonnet. What was their office,

or the motive which brought them to this place of mortification, which they could not have

approached without being carried in this or some other way, a feeling of delicacy pre-

vented me from inquiring. An account has before been given of the hermitage they were

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 545

Enormous, dragged, while side by side they sate,

By panting steers up to this convent gate?

How, with empurpled cheeks and pampered eyes,

Dare they confront the lean austerities

5

Of Brethren who, here fixed, on Jesu wait

In sackcloth, and God’s anger deprecate

Through all that humbles flesh and mortifies?

Strange contrast!—verily the world of dreams,

Where mingle, as for mockery combined,

10

Things in their very essences at strife,

Shows not a sight incongruous as the extremes

That everywhere, before the thoughtful mind,

Meet on the solid ground of waking life.

At Vallombrosa

Thick as autumnal leaves that strew the brooks

In Vallombrosa, where Etrurian shades

High over-arch’d embower.

paradise lost

“Vallombrosa—I longed in thy shadiest wood

To slumber, reclined on the moss-covered floor!”

Fond wish that was granted at last, and the Flood,

That lulled me asleep, bids me listen once more.

Its murmur how soft! as it falls down the steep,

5

Near that Cell—yon sequestered Retreat high in air—

Where our Milton was wont lonely vigils to keep

For converse with God, sought through study and prayer.

The Monks still repeat the tradition with pride,

And its truth who shall doubt? for his Spirit is here;

10

In the cloud-piercing rocks doth her grandeur abide,

In the pines pointing heavenward her beauty austere;

In the flower-besprent meadows his genius we trace

Turned to humbler delights, in which youth might confide,

That would yield him fit help while prefiguring that Place

15

about to enter. It was visited by us towards the end of the month of May; yet snow was

lying thick under the pine-trees, within a few yards of the gate.” WW

  For WW’s note see the notes at the end of this volume.

2  “See for the two  first lines, “Stanzas composed in the Simplon Pass.” WW (see the poem by this title, above).

546 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Where, if Sin had not entered, Love never had died.

When with life lengthened out came a desolate time,

And darkness and danger had compassed him round,

With a thought he might flee to these haunts of his prime,

And here once again a kind of shelter be found.

20

And let me believe that when nightly the Muse

Would waft him to Sion, the glorified hill,

Here also, on some favoured height, they would choose

To wander, and drink inspiration at will.

Vallombrosa! of thee I first heard in the page

25

Of that holiest of Bards; and the name for my mind

Had a musical charm, which the winter of age

And the changes it brings had no power to unbind.

And now, ye Miltonian shades! under you

I repose, nor am forced from sweet fancy to part,

30

While your leaves I behold and the brooks they will strew,

And the realised vision is clasped to my heart.

Even so, and unblamed, we rejoice as we may

In Forms that must perish, frail objects of sense;

Unblamed—if the Soul be intent on the day

35

When the Being of Beings shall summon her hence.

For he and he only with wisdom is blest

Who, gathering true pleasures wherever they grow,

Looks up in all places, for joy or for rest,

To the Fountain whence Time and Eternity flow.

40

xVI

at florence

Under the shadow of a stately Pile,

The dome of Florence, pensive and alone,

Nor giving heed to aught that passed the while,

I stood, and gazed upon a marble stone,

The laurelled Dante’s favourite seat. A throne,

5

In just esteem, it rivals; though no style

Be there of decoration to beguile

The mind, depressed by thought of greatness flown.

As a true man, who long had served the lyre,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 547

I gazed with earnestness, and dared no more.

10

But in his breast the mighty Poet bore

A Patriot’s heart, warm with undying fire.

Bold with the thought, in reverence I sate down,

And, for a moment, filled that empty Throne.

xVII

before the picture of the baptist, by raphael,

in the gallery at florence

The Baptist might have been ordain’d to cry

Forth from the towers of that huge Pile, wherein

His Father served Jehovah; but how win

Due audience, how for aught but scorn defy

The obstinate pride and wanton revelry

5

Of the Jerusalem below, her sin

And folly, if they with united din

Drown not at once mandate and prophecy?

Therefore the Voice spake from the Desert, thence

To her, as to her opposite in peace,

10

Silence, and holiness, and innocence,

To her and to all Lands its warning sent,

Crying with earnestness that might not cease,

Make straight a highway for the Lord—repent!

xVIII

at florence.—from michael angelo

Rapt above earth by power of one fair face,

Hers in whose sway alone my heart delights,

I mingle with the blest on those pure heights

Where Man, yet mortal, rarely finds a place.

With Him who made the work that work accords

5

So well, that by its help and through his grace

I raise my thoughts, inform my deeds and words,

Clasping her beauty in my soul’s embrace.

Thus, if from two fair eyes mine cannot turn,

I feel how in their presence doth abide

10

Light which to God is both the way and guide;

And, kindling at their lustre, if I burn,

548 The Poems of William Wordsworth

My noble fire emits the joyful ray

That through the realms of glory shines for aye.

xIx

at florence.—from m. angelo

Eternal Lord! eased of a cumbrous load,

And loosened from the world, I turn to Thee;

Shun, like a shattered bark, the storm, and flee

To thy protection for a safe abode.

The crown of thorns, hands pierced upon the tree,

5

The meek, benign, and lacerated face,

To a sincere repentance promise grace,

To the sad soul give hope of pardon free.

With justice mark not Thou, O Light divine,

My fault, nor hear it with thy sacred ear;

10

Neither put forth that way thy arm severe;

Wash with thy blood my sins; thereto incline

More readily the more my years require

Help, and forgiveness speedy and entire.

Among the Ruins of a Convent in the Apennines

Ye trees! whose slender roots entwine

Altars that piety neglects;

Whose infant arms enclasp the shrine

Which no devotion now respects;

If not a straggler from the herd

5

Here ruminate, nor shrouded bird,

Chaunting her low-voiced hymn, take pride

In aught that ye would grace or hide—

How sadly is your love misplaced,

Fair trees, your bounty run to waste!

10

And ye, wild Flowers! that no one heeds,

And ye—full often spurned as weeds—

In beauty clothed, or breathing sweetness

From fractured arch and mouldering wall—

Do but more touchingly recal

15

Man’s headstrong violence and Time’s fleetness,

And make the precincts ye adorn

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 549

Appear to sight still more forlorn.

xx

at bologna, in remembrance of the late insurrections

Ah why deceive ourselves! by no mere fit

Of sudden passion roused shall men attain

True freedom where for ages they have lain

Bound in a dark abominable pit,

With life’s best sinews more and more unknit.

5

Here, there, a banded few who loathe the chain

May rise to break it: effort worse than vain

For thee, O great Italian nation, split

Into those jarring fractions.—Let thy scope

Be one fixed mind for all; thy rights approve

10

To thy own conscience gradually renewed;

Learn to make Time the father of wise Hope;

Then trust thy cause to the arm of Fortitude,

The light of Knowledge, and the warmth of Love.

xxI

continued

Hard task! exclaim the undisciplined, to lean

On Patience coupled with such slow endeavour,

That long-lived servitude must last for ever.

Perish the grovelling few, who, prest between

Wrongs and the terror of redress, would wean

5

Millions from glorious aims. Our chains to sever

Let us break forth in tempest now or never!—

What, is there then no space for golden mean

And gradual progress?—Twilight leads to day,

And, even within the burning zones of earth,

10

The hastiest sunrise yields a temperate ray;

The softest breeze to fairest flowers gives birth:

Think not that Prudence dwells in dark abodes,

She scans the future with the eye of gods.

550 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xxII

concluded

As leaves are to the tree whereon they grow

And wither, every human generation

Is to the Being of a mighty nation,

Locked in our world’s embrace through weal and woe;

Thought that should teach the zealot to forego

5

Rash schemes, to abjure all selfish agitation,

And seek through noiseless pains and moderation

The unblemished good they only can bestow.

Alas! with most, who weigh futurity

Against time present, passion holds the scales:

10

Hence equal ignorance of both prevails,

And nations sink; or, struggling to be free,

Are doomed to flounder on, like wounded whales

Tossed on the bosom of a stormy sea.

xxIII

in lombardy

See, where his difficult way that Old Man wins

Bent by a load of Mulberry-leaves!—most hard

Appears his lot, to the small Worm’s compared,

For whom his toil with early day begins.

Acknowledging no task-master, at will

5

(As if her labour and her ease were twins)

She seems to work, at pleasure to lie still,

And softly sleeps within the thread she spins.

So fare they—the Man serving as her Slave.

Ere long their fates do each to each conform:

10

Both pass into new being,—but the Worm,

Transfigured, sinks into a hopeless grave;

His volant Spirit will, he trusts, ascend

To bliss unbounded, glory without end.

xxIV

after leaving italy

Fair Land! Thee all men greet with joy; how few,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 551

Whose souls take pride in freedom, virtue, fame,

Part from thee without pity dyed in shame:

I could not—while from Venice we withdrew,

Led on till an Alpine strait confined our view

5

Within its depths, and to the shore we came

Of Lago Morto, dreary sight and name,

Which o’er sad thoughts a sadder colouring threw.

Italia! on the surface of thy spirit,

(Too aptly emblemed by that torpid lake)

10

Shall a few partial breezes only creep?—

Be its depths quickened; what thou dost inherit

Of the world’s hopes, dare to fulfil; awake,

Mother of Heroes, from thy death-like sleep!

xxV

continued

As indignation mastered grief, my tongue

Spake bitter words; words that did ill agree

With those rich stores of Nature’s imagery,

And divine Art, that fast to memory clung—

Thy gifts, magnificent Region, ever young

5

In the sun’s eye, and in his sister’s sight

How beautiful! how worthy to be sung

In strains of rapture, or subdued delight!

I feign not; witness that unwelcome shock

That followed the first sound of German speech,

10

Caught the far-winding barrier Alps among.

In that announcement, greeting seemed to mock

Parting; the casual word had power to reach

My heart, and filled that heart with conflict strong.

[Poems not included in series as first published]

The Pillar of Trajan

Where Towers are crushed, and unforbidden weeds

O’er mutilated arches shed their seeds;

And Temples, doomed to milder change, unfold

A new magnificence that vies with old;

552 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Firm in its pristine majesty hath stood

5

A votive column, spared by fire and flood;—

And, though the passions of Man’s fretful race

Have never ceased to eddy round its base,

Not injured more by touch of meddling hands

Than a lone Obelisk, ’mid Nubian sands,

10

Or aught in Syrian deserts left to save,

From death the memory of the Good and Brave.

Historic figures round the shaft embost

Ascend, with lineaments in air not lost:

Still as he turns, the charmed Spectator sees

15

Group winding after group with dream-like ease;

Triumphs in sunbright gratitude displayed,

Or softly stealing into modest shade.

—So, pleased with purple clusters to entwine

Some lofty elm-tree, mounts the daring vine;

20

The woodbine so, with spiral grace, and breathes

Wide-spreading odours from her flowery wreaths.

Borne by the Muse from rills in shepherds’ ears

Murmuring but one smooth story for all years,

I gladly commune with the mind and heart

25

Of him who thus survives by classic art,

His actions witness, venerate his mien,

And study Trajan as by Pliny seen;

Behold how fought the Chief whose conquering sword

Stretched far as Earth might own a single lord;

30

In the delight of moral prudence schooled,

How feelingly at home the Sovereign ruled;

Best of the good—in Pagan faith allied

To more than Man, by virtue deified.

Memorial Pillar! ’mid the wrecks of Time

35

Preserve thy charge with confidence sublime—

The exultations, pomps, and cares of Rome,

Whence half the breathing world received its doom;

Things that recoil from language; that, if shewn

By apter pencil, from the light had flown.

40

A Pontiff, Trajan here the Gods implores,

There greets an Embassy from Indian shores;

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 553

Lo! he harangues his cohorts— there the storm

Of battle meets him in authentic form!

Unharnessed, naked, troops of Moorish horse

45

Sweep to the charge; more high, the Dacian force,

To hoof and finger mailed;—yet, high or low,

None bleed, and none lie prostrate but the foe;

In every Roman, through all turns of fate,

Is Roman dignity inviolate;

50

Spirit in Him pre-eminent, who guides,

Supports, adorns, and over all presides;

Distinguished only by inherent State

From honoured Instruments that round him wait;

Rise as he may, his grandeur scorns the test

55

Of outward symbol, nor will deign to rest

On aught by which another is deprest.

—Alas! that One thus disciplined could toil

To enslave whole Nations on their native soil;

So emulous of Macedonian fame,

60

That, when his age was measured with his aim,

He drooped, ’mid else unclouded victories,

And turned his eagles back with deep-drawn sighs:

O weakness of the Great! O folly of the Wise!

Where now the haughty Empire that was spread

65

With such fond hope? her very speech is dead;

Yet glorious Art the sweep of Time defies,

And Trajan still, through various enterprise,

Mounts, in this fine illusion, tow’rd the skies:

Still are we present with the imperial Chief,

70

Nor cease to gaze upon the bold Relief

Till Rome, to silent marble unconfined,

Becomes with all her years a vision of the Mind.

Composed on May-morning, 1838

If with old love of you, dear Hills! I share

  “Here  and  infra;  see  Forsythe.”  WW  drew  details  for  the  poem  from  Joseph  Forsyth’s Remarks on Antiquities, Arts, and Letters during an Excursion [ in] Italy in 1802 [ and 1803]

(London, 86).

2  In his  Poems (845) WW paired this sonnet with “Life with yon Lambs, like day, is just begun,” published in  Poems of Early and Late Years (842). See  Composed on the Same Morning, below.

554 The Poems of William Wordsworth

New love of many a rival image brought

From far, forgive the wanderings of my thought:

Nor art thou wrong’d, sweet May! when I compare

Thy present birth-morn with thy last, so fair,

5

So rich to me in favours. For my lot

Then was, within the famed Egerian Grot

To sit and muse, fanned by its dewy air

Mingling with thy soft breath! That morning, too,

Warblers I heard their joy unbosoming

10

Amid the sunny, shadowy, Colyseum;

Heard them, unchecked by aught of sombre hue,

For victories there won by flower-crowned Spring,

Chant in full choir their innocent te deum.

555

Sonnets upon the Punishment of Death. In Series.

I

suggested by the view of lancaster castle (on the road

from the south)

This Spot—at once unfolding sight so fair

Of sea and land, with yon grey towers that still

Rise up as if to lord it over air—

Might soothe in human breasts the sense of ill,

Or charm it out of memory; yea, might fill

5

The heart with joy and gratitude to God

For all his bounties upon man bestowed:

Why bears it then the name of “Weeping Hill”?

Thousands, as toward yon old Lancastrian Towers,

A prison’s crown, along this way they past

10

For lingering durance or quick death with shame,

From this bare eminence thereon have cast

Their first look—blinded as tears fell in showers

Shed on their chains; and hence that doleful name.

II

Tenderly do we feel by Nature’s law

For worst offenders: though the heart will heave

With indignation, deeply moved we grieve,

In after thought, for Him who stood in awe

Neither of God nor man, and only saw,

5

Lost wretch, a horrible device enthroned

On proud temptations, till the victim groaned

Under the steel his hand had dared to draw.

But O, restrain compassion, if its course,

As oft befals, prevent or turn aside

10

Judgments and aims and acts whose higher source

Is sympathy with the unforewarned, who died

Blameless—with them that shuddered o’er his grave,

And all who from the law firm safety crave.

  For the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and

Itinerary Poems, 1820–1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 865–868, and 878–879.

556 The Poems of William Wordsworth

III

The Roman Consul doomed his sons to die

Who had betrayed their country. The stern word

Afforded (may it through all time afford)

A theme for praise and admiration high.

Upon the surface of humanity

5

He rested not; its depths his mind explored;

He felt; but his parental bosom’s lord

Was Duty,—Duty calmed his agony.

And some, we know, when they by wilful act

A single human life have wrongly taken,

10

Pass sentence on themselves, confess the fact,

And, to atone for it, with soul unshaken

Kneel at the feet of Justice, and, for faith

Broken with all mankind, solicit death.

IV

Is Death, when evil against good has fought

With such fell mastery that a man may dare

By deeds the blackest purpose to lay bare,—

Is Death, for one to that condition brought,

For him, or any one, the thing that ought

5

To be most dreaded? Lawgivers, beware,

Lest, capital pains remitting till ye spare

The murderer, ye, by sanction to that thought

Seemingly given, debase the general mind;

Tempt the vague will tried standards to disown,

10

Nor only palpable restraints unbind,

But upon Honour’s head disturb the crown,

Whose absolute rule permits not to withstand

In the weak love of life his least command.

V

Not to the object specially designed,

Howe’er momentous in itself it be,

Good to promote or curb depravity,

Is the wise Legislator’s view confined.

His Spirit, when most severe, is oft most kind;

5

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 557

As all Authority in earth depends

On Love and Fear, their several powers he blends,

Copying with awe the one Paternal mind.

Uncaught by processes in show humane,

He feels how far the act would derogate

10

From even the humblest functions of the State;

If she, self-shorn of Majesty, ordain

That never more shall hang upon her breath

The last alternative of Life or Death.

VI

Ye brood of conscience—Spectres! that frequent

The bad Man’s restless walk, and haunt his bed—

Fiends in your aspect, yet beneficent

In act, as hovering Angels when they spread

Their wings to guard the unconsciousInnocent—

5

Slow be the Statutes of the land to share

A laxity that could not but impair

Your power to punish crime, and so prevent.

And ye, Beliefs! coiled serpent-like about

The adage on all tongues, “Murder will out,”

10

How shall your ancient warnings work for good

In the full might they hitherto have shown,

If for deliberate shedder of man’s blood

Survive not Judgment that requires his own?

VII

Before the world had past her time of youth,

While polity and discipline were weak,

The precept eye for eye, and tooth for tooth,

Came forth—a light, though but as of day-break,

Strong as could then be borne. A Master meek

5

Proscribed the spirit fostered by that rule,

Patience his law, long-suffering his school,

And love the end, which all through peace must seek.

But lamentably do they err who strain

His mandates, given rash impulse to controul

10

And keep vindictive thirstings from the soul,

So far that, if consistent in their scheme,

558 The Poems of William Wordsworth

They must forbid the State to inflict a pain,

Making of social order a mere dream.

VIII

Fit retribution, by the moral code

Determined, lies beyond the State’s embrace,

Yet, as she may, for each peculiar case

She plants well-measured terrors in the road

Of wrongful acts. Downward it is and broad,

5

And, the main fear once doomed to banishment,

Far oftener then, bad ushering worse event,

Blood would be spilt that in his dark abode

Crime might lie better hid. And, should the change

Take from the horror due to a foul deed,

10

Pursuit and evidence so far must fail,

And, guilt escaping, passion then might plead

In angry spirits for her old free range,

And the “wild justice of revenge” prevail.

Ix

Though to give timely warning and deter

Is one great aim of penalty, extend

Thy mental vision further and ascend

Far higher, else full surely thou shalt err.

What is a State? The wise behold in her

5

A creature born of time, that keeps one eye

Fixed on the Statutes of Eternity,

To which her judgments reverently defer.

Speaking through Law’s dispassionate voice the State

Endues her conscience with external life

10

And being, to preclude or quell the strife

Of individual will, to elevate

The grovelling mind, the erring to recal,

And fortify the moral sense of all.

x

Our bodily life, some plead, that life the shrine

Of an immortal spirit, is a gift

So sacred, so informed with light divine,

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 559

That no tribunal, though most wise to sift

Deed and intent, should turn the Being adrift

5

Into that world where penitential tear

May not avail, nor prayer have for God’s ear

A voice—that world whose veil no hand can lift

For earthly sight. “Eternity and Time,”

They urge, “have interwoven claims and rights

10

Not to be jeopardised through foulest crime:

The sentence rule by mercy’s heaven-born lights.”

Even so; but measuring not by finite sense

Infinite Power, perfect Intelligence.

xI

Ah, think how one compelled for life to abide

Locked in a dungeon needs must eat the heart

Out of his own humanity, and part

With every hope that mutual cares provide;

And, should a less unnatural doom confide

5

In life-long exile on a savage coast,

Soon the relapsing penitent may boast

Of yet more heinous guilt, with fiercer pride.

Hence thoughtful Mercy, Mercy sage and pure,

Sanctions the forfeiture that Law demands,

10

Leaving the final issue in His hands

Whose goodness knows no change, whose love is sure,

Who sees, foresees; who cannot judge amiss,

And wafts at will the contrite soul to bliss.

xII

See the Condemned alone within his cell

And prostrate at some moment when remorse

Stings to the quick, and, with resistless force,

Assaults the pride she strove in vain to quell.

Then mark him, him who could so long rebel,

5

The crime confessed, a kneeling Penitent

Before the Altar, where the Sacrament

Softens his heart, till from his eyes outwell

Tears of salvation. Welcome death! while Heaven

Does in this change exceedingly rejoice;

10

560 The Poems of William Wordsworth

While yet the solemn heed the State hath given

Helps him to meet the last Tribunal’s voice

In faith, which fresh offences, were he cast

On old temptations, might for ever blast.

xIII

conclusion

Yes, though He well may tremble at the sound

Of his own voice, who from the judgment-seat

Sends the pale Convict to his last retreat

In death; though Listeners shudder all around,

They know the dread requital’s source profound;

5

Nor is, they feel, its wisdom obsolete—

(Would that it were!) the sacrifice unmeet

For Christian Faith. But hopeful signs abound;

The social rights of man breathe purer air;

Religion deepens her preventive care;

10

Then, moved by needless fear of past abuse,

Strike not from Law’s firm hand that awful rod,

But leave it thence to drop for lack of use:

Oh, speed the blessed hour, Almighty God!

xIV

apology

The formal World relaxes her cold chain

For One who speaks in numbers; ampler scope

His utterance finds; and, conscious of the gain,

Imagination works with bolder hope

The cause of grateful reason to sustain;

5

And, serving Truth, the heart more strongly beats

Against all barriers which his labour meets

In lofty place, or humble Life’s domain.

Enough;—before us lay a painful road,

And guidance have I sought in duteous love

10

From Wisdom’s heavenly Father. Hence hath flowed

Patience, with trust that, whatsoe’er the way

Each takes in this high matter, all may move

Cheered with the prospect of a brighter day.

561

Sonnets Dedicated to Liberty and Order

I

composed after reading a newspaper of the day

“People! your chains are severing link by link;

Soon shall the Rich be levelled down—the Poor

Meet them half way.” Vain boast! for These, the more

They thus would rise, must low and lower sink

Till, by repentance stung, they fear to think;

5

While all lie prostrate, save the tyrant few

Bent in quick turns each other to undo,

And mix the poison, they themselves must drink.

Mistrust thyself, vain Country! cease to cry,

“Knowledge will save me from the threatened woe.”

10

For, if than other rash ones more thou know,

Yet on presumptuous wing as far would fly

Above thy knowledge as they dared to go,

Thou wilt provoke a heavier penalty.

II

upon the late general fast. march, 1832

Reluctant call it was; the rite delayed;

And in the Senate some there were who doffed

The last of their humanity, and scoffed

At providential judgments, undismayed

By their own daring. But the People prayed

5

As with one voice; their flinty heart grew soft

With penitential sorrow, and aloft

Their spirit mounted, crying, “God us aid!”

Oh that with aspirations more intense,

Chastised by self-abasement more profound,

10

This People, once so happy, so renowned

For liberty, would seek from God defence

Against far heavier ill, the pestilence

  WW’s notes are those published with the series in  Poems, 845. For the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems, 1820–

1845, ed. Geoffrey Jackson (2004), pp. 899–903, and 94–97.

562 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of revolution, impiously unbound!

III

Said Secrecy to Cowardice and Fraud,

Falsehood and Treachery, in close council met,

Deep under ground, in Pluto’s cabinet,

“The frost of England’s pride will soon be thawed;

“Hooded the open brow that overawed

5

“Our schemes; the faith and honour, never yet

“By us with hope encountered, be upset;—

“For once I burst my bands, and cry, applaud!”

Then whispered she, “The Bill is carrying out!”

They heard, and, starting up, the Brood of Night

10

Clapped hands, and shook with glee their matted locks;

All Powers and Places that abhor the light

Joined in the transport, echoed back their shout,

Hurrah for ———, hugging his Ballot-box!

IV

Blest Statesman He, whose Mind’s unselfish will

Leaves him at ease among grand thoughts; whose eye

Sees that, apart from Magnanimity,

Wisdom exists not; nor the humbler skill

Of Prudence, disentangling good and ill

5

With patient care. What tho’ assaults run high,

They daunt not him who holds his ministry,

Resolute, at all hazards, to fulfil

Its duties;—prompt to move, but firm to wait,—

Knowing, things rashly sought are rarely found;

10

That, for the functions of an ancient State—

Strong by her charters, free because imbound,

Servant of Providence, not slave of Fate—

Perilous is sweeping change, all chance unsound.

  “ ‘All change is perilous, and all chance unsound.’ SPENSER.” WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 563

V

in allusion to various recent histories and notices

of the french revolution

Portentous change when History can appear

As the cool Advocate of foul device;

Reckless audacity extol, and jeer

At consciences perplexed with scruples nice!

They who bewail not, must abhor, the sneer

5

Born of Conceit, Power’s blind Idolater;

Or haply sprung from vaunting Cowardice

Betrayed by mockery of holy fear.

Hath it not long been said the wrath of Man

Works not the righteousness of God? Oh bend,

10

Bend, ye Perverse! to judgments from on High,

Laws that lay under Heaven’s perpetual ban

All principles of action that transcend

The sacred limits of humanity.

VI

continued

Who ponders National events shall find

An awful balancing of loss and gain,

Joy based on sorrow, good with ill combined,

And proud deliverance issuing out of pain

And direful throes; as if the All-ruling Mind,

5

With whose perfection it consists to ordain

Volcanic burst, earthquake, and hurricane,

Dealt in like sort with feeble human kind

By laws immutable. But woe for him

Who thus deceived shall lend an eager hand

10

To social havoc. Is not Conscience ours,

And Truth, whose eye guilt only can make dim;

And Will, whose office, by divine command,

Is to control and check disordered Powers?

564 The Poems of William Wordsworth

VII

concluded

Long-favoured England! be not thou misled

By monstrous theories of alien growth,

Lest alien frenzy seize thee, waxing wroth,

Self-smitten till thy garments reek dyed red

With thy own blood, which tears in torrents shed

5

Fail to wash out, tears flowing ere thy troth

Be plighted, not to ease but sullen sloth,

Or wan despair—the ghost of false hope fled

Into a shameful grave. Among thy youth,

My Country! if such warning be held dear,

10

Then shall a Veteran’s heart be thrilled with joy,

One who would gather from eternal truth,

For time and season, rules that work to cheer—

Not scourge, to save the People—not destroy

VIII

Men of the Western World! in Fate’s dark book

Whence these opprobrious leaves of dire portent?

Think ye your British Ancestors forsook

Their native Land, for outrage provident;

From unsubmissive necks the bridle shook

5

To give, in their Descendants, freer vent

And wider range to passions turbulent,

To mutual tyranny a deadlier look?

Nay, said a voice, soft as the south wind’s breath,

Dive through the stormy surface of the flood

10

To the great current flowing underneath;

Explore the countless springs of silent good;

So shall the truth be better understood,

And thy grieved Spirit brighten strong in faith.

  “These lines were written several years ago, when reports prevailed of cruelties committed

in many parts of America, by men making a law of their own passions. A far more formi-

dable, as being a more deliberate mischief, has appeared among those States which have

lately broken faith with the public creditor in a manner so infamous. I cannot, however, but

look at both evils under a similar relation to inherent good, and hope that the time is not

distant when our brethren of the West will wipe off this stain from their name and nation.”

WW

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 565

Ix

to the pennsylvanians

Days undefiled by luxury or sloth,

Firm self-denial, manners grave and staid,

Rights equal, laws with cheerfulness obeyed,

Words that require no sanction from an oath,

And simple honesty a common growth—

5

This high repute, with bounteous Nature’s aid,

Won confidence, now ruthlessly betrayed

At will, your power the measure of your troth!—

All who revere the memory of Penn

Grieve for the land on whose wild woods his name

10

Was fondly grafted with a virtuous aim,

Renounced, abandoned by degenerate Men

For state-dishonour black as ever came

To upper air from Mammon’s loathsome den.

x

at bologna, in remembrance of the late insurrections, 1831

i

Ah why deceive ourselves! by no mere fit

Of sudden passion roused shall men attain

True freedom where for ages they have lain

Bound in a dark abominable pit,

With life’s best sinews more and more unknit.

5

Here, there, a banded few who loathe the chain

May rise to break it: effort worse than vain

For thee, O great Italian nation, split

Into those jarring fractions.—Let thy scope

Be one fixed mind for all; thy rights approve

10

To thy own conscience gradually renewed;

Learn to make Time the father of wise Hope;

Then trust thy cause to the arm of Fortitude,

The light of Knowledge, and the warmth of Love.

566 The Poems of William Wordsworth

xI

continued

ii

Hard task! exclaim the undisciplined, to lean

On Patience coupled with such slow endeavour,

That long-lived servitude must last for ever.

Perish the grovelling few, who, prest between

Wrongs and the terror of redress, would wean

5

Millions from glorious aims. Our chains to sever

Let us break forth in tempest now or never!—

What, is there then no space for golden mean

And gradual progress?—Twilight leads to day,

And, even within the burning zones of earth,

10

The hastiest sunrise yields a temperate ray;

The softest breeze to fairest flowers gives birth:

Think not that Prudence dwells in dark abodes,

She scans the future with the eye of gods.

xII

concluded

iii

As leaves are to the tree whereon they grow

And wither, every human generation

Is to the Being of a mighty nation,

Locked in our world’s embrace through weal and woe;

Thought that should teach the zealot to forego

5

Rash schemes, to abjure all selfish agitation,

And seek through noiseless pains and moderation

The unblemished good they only can bestow.

Alas! with most, who weigh futurity

Against time present, passion holds the scales:

10

Hence equal ignorance of both prevails,

And nations sink; or, struggling to be free,

Are doomed to flounder on, like wounded whales

Tossed on the bosom of a stormy sea.

Sonnet Series and Itinerary Poems (1820–1845) 567

xIII

Young England—what is then become of Old,

Of dear Old England? Think they she is dead,

Dead to the very name? Presumption fed

On empty air! That name will keep its hold

In the true filial bosom’s inmost fold

5

For ever.—The Spirit of Alfred, at the head

Of all who for her rights watch’d, toil’d and bled,

Knows that this prophecy is not too bold.

What—how! shall she submit in will and deed

To Beardless Boys—an imitative race,

10

The servum pecus of a Gallic breed?

Dear Mother! if thou must thy steps retrace,

Go where at least meek Innocency dwells;

Let Babes and Sucklings be thy oracles.

xIV

Feel for the wrongs to universal ken

Daily exposed, woe that unshrouded lies;

And seek the Sufferer in his darkest den,

Whether conducted to the spot by sighs

And moanings, or he dwells (as if the wren

5

Taught him concealment) hidden from all eyes

In silence and the awful modesties

Of sorrow;—feel for all, as brother Men!

Rest not in hope want’s icy chain to to thaw

By casual boons and formal charities;

10

Learn to be just, just through impartial law;

Far as ye may, erect and equalise;

And what ye cannot reach by statute, draw

Each from his fountain of self-sacrifice!

568

Last Poems (1821–1850)

Decay of Piety

Oft have I seen, ere Time had ploughed my cheek,

Matrons and Sires—who, punctual to the call

Of their loved Church, on Fast or Festival

Through the long year the House of Prayer would seek:

By Christmas snows, by visitation bleak

5

Of Easter winds, unscared, from Hut or Hall

They came to lowly bench or sculptured Stall,

But with one fervour of devotion meek.

I see the places where they once were known,

And ask, surrounded even by kneeling crowds,

10

Is ancient Piety for ever flown?

Alas! even then they seemed like fleecy clouds

That, struggling through the western sky, have won

Their pensive light from a departed sun!

“Not Love, nor War, nor the tumultuous swell”

Not Love, nor War, nor the tumultuous swell

Of civil conflict, nor the wrecks of change,

Nor Duty struggling with afflictions strange,

Not these alone inspire the tuneful shell;

But where untroubled peace and concord dwell,

5

There also is the Muse not loth to range,

Watching the blue smoke of the elmy grange,

Skyward ascending from the twilight dell.

Meek aspirations please her, lone endeavour,

And sage content, and placid melancholy;

10

She loves to gaze upon a crystal river,

Diaphanous, because it travels slowly;

Soft is the music that would charm for ever;

The flower of sweetest smell is shy and lowly.

  For the sources of the reading text and the editor’s commentary, see  Last Poems, 1821–

1850, ed. Jared Curtis, with Apryl Lee Denny and Jill Heydt-Stevenson, associate editors (999).

Last Poems (1820–1850) 569

A Parsonage in Oxfordshire

Where holy ground begins—unhallowed ends,

Is marked by no distinguishable line;

The turf unites—the pathways intertwine;

And, wheresoe’er the stealing footstep tends,

Garden, and that Domain where Kindred, Friends,

5

And Neighbours rest together, here confound

Their several features—mingled like the sound

Of many waters, or as evening blends

With shady night. Soft airs, from shrub and flower,

Waft fragrant greetings to each silent grave;

10

Meanwhile between those Poplars, as they wave

Their lofty summits, comes and goes a sky

Bright as the glimpses of Eternity,

To Saints accorded in their mortal hour.

Recollection of the Portrait of King Henry Eighth,

Trinity Lodge, Cambridge

The imperial Stature, the colossal stride,

Are yet before me; yet do I behold

The broad full visage, chest of amplest mould,

The vestments ’broidered with barbaric pride:

And lo! a poniard, at the Monarch’s side,

5

Hangs ready to be grasped in sympathy

With the keen threatenings of that fulgent eye,

Below the white-rimmed bonnet, far descried.

Who trembles now at thy capricious mood?

Mid those surrounding worthies, haughty King!

10

We rather think, with grateful mind sedate,

How Providence educeth, from the spring

Of lawless will, unlooked-for streams of good,

Which neither force shall check, nor time abate.

[Translation of the Sestet of a Sonnet by Tasso]

Camoëns, he the accomplished and the good,

Gave to thy Fame a more illustrious flight

Than that brave vessel though she sailed so far,

  WW included this sonnet in his note to  Pastoral Character, sonnet III.xi. of  Ecclesiastical Sketches in 822.

570 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Through him her course along the austral flood

Is known to all beneath the polar star

5

Through him the antipodes in thy name delight.

“A volant Tribe of Bards on earth are found”

A volant Tribe of Bards on earth are found,

Who, while the flattering Zephyrs round them play,

On “coignes of vantage” hang their nests of clay;

How quickly from that aery hold unbound,

Dust for oblivion! To the solid ground

5

Of nature trusts the Mind that builds for aye;

Convinced that there, there only, she can lay

Secure foundations. As the year runs round,

Apart she toils within the chosen ring;

While the stars shine, or while day’s purple eye

10

Is gently closing with the flowers of spring;

Where even the motion of an Angel’s wing

Would interrupt the intense tranquillity

Of silent hills, and more than silent sky.

“Queen and Negress chaste and fair!”

Queen and Negress chaste and fair!

Christophe now is laid asleep

Seated in a British Chair

State in humbler manner keep

Shine for Clarkson’s pure delight

5

Negro Princess, ebon bright!

Lay thy Diadem apart

Pomp has been a sad Deceiver

Through thy Champion’s faithful heart

Joy be poured, and thou the Giver

10

Thou that mak’st a day of night

Sable Princess, ebon bright!

Let not “Wilby’s” holy shade

Interpose at Envy’s call,

Hayti’s shining Queen was made

15

To illumine Playford Hall

Bless it then with constant light

Negress excellently bright!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 571

[Epigrams on Byron’s Cain]

i. “Critics, right honourable Bard! decree”

Critics, right honourable Bard! decree

Laurels to some, a nightshade wreath to thee,

Whose Muse a sure though late revenge hath ta’en

Of harmless Abel’s death by murdering Cain.

ii.

On Cain a Mystery dedicated to Sir Walter Scott

A German Haggis––from Receipt

Of him who cook’d “The death of Abel”

And sent “warm–reeking rich” and sweet

From Venice to Sir Walter’s table.

iii.

After reading a luscious scene of the above—

The Wonder explained

What! Adam’s eldest Son in this sweet strain!

Yes—did you never hear of Sugar-Cain?

iv.

On a Nursery piece of the same, by a Scottish Bard—

Dont wake little Enoch,

Or he’ll give you a wee knock!

For the pretty sweet Lad

As he lies in his Cradle

Is more like to his Dad

5

Than a Spoon to a Ladle.

“Thus far I write to please my Friend”

Thus far I write to please my Friend;

And now to please myself I end.

“By Moscow self–devoted to a blaze”

By Moscow self–devoted to a blaze

Of dreadful sacrifice; by Russian blood

572 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Lavished in fight with desperate hardihood;

The unfeeling Elements no claim shall raise

To rob our Human–nature of just praise

5

For what she did and suffered. Pledges sure

Of a deliverance absolute and pure

She gave, if Faith might tread the beaten ways

Of Providence. But now did the Most High

Exalt his still small Voice;––to quell that Host

10

Gathered his Power, a manifest Ally;

He whose heaped waves confounded the proud boast

Of Pharaoh, said to Famine, Snow, and Frost,

Finish the strife by deadliest Victory!

“These Vales were saddened with no common gloom”

In the Burial-ground of this Church are deposited the Remains of Jemima

A. D. second daughter of Sir Egerton Brydges Bart—of Lee Priory, Kent—

who departed this life at Rydal May 25th 1822 Ag: 28 years. This memorial is

erected by her afflicted husband Edwd Quillinan

These Vales were saddened with no common gloom

When good Jemima perished in her bloom;

When (such the awful will of heaven) she died

By flames breathed on her from her own fire-side.

On Earth we dimly see, and but in part

5

We know, yet Faith sustains the sorrowing heart;

And she, the pure, the patient and the meek,

Might have fit Epitaph could feelings speak;

If words could tell and monuments record,

How treasures lost are inwardly deplored,

10

No name by grief’s fond eloquence adorn’d,

More than Jemima’s would be praised and mourn’d;

The tender virtues of her blameless life,

Bright in the Daughter, brighter in the Wife,

And in the cheerful Mother brightest shone:

15

That light hath past away—the will of God be done!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 573

To the Lady ———,

on seeing the foundation preparing for the erection

of ——— chapel, westmoreland

Blest is this Isle—our native Land;

Where battlement and moated gate

Are objects only for the hand

Of hoary Time to decorate;

Where shady hamlet, town that breathes

5

Its busy smoke in social wreaths,

No rampart’s stern defence require,

Nought but the heaven-directed Spire,

And steeple Tower (with pealing bells

Far heard)—our only Citadels.

10

O Lady! from a noble line

Of Chieftains sprung, who stoutly bore

The spear, yet gave to works divine

A bounteous help in days of yore,

(As records mouldering in the Dell

15

Of Nightshade haply yet may tell)

Thee kindred aspirations moved

To build, within a Vale beloved,

For Him upon whose high behests

All peace depends, all safety rests.

20

Well may the Villagers rejoice!

Nor heat, nor cold, nor weary ways,

Will be a hindrance to the voice

That would unite in prayer and praise;

More duly shall wild-wandering Youth

25

Receive the curb of sacred truth,

Shall tottering Age, bent earthward, hear

The Promise, with uplifted ear;

And all shall welcome the new ray

Imparted to their Sabbath-day.

30

  In 840 the title became  To the Lady Fleming, On Seeing the Foundation Preparing for the Erection of Rydal Chapel, Westmoreland.

2  “Beckangs Ghyll—or the Vale of Nightshade—in which stands St. Mary’s Abbey, in Low

Furness.” WW

574 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Even Strangers, slackening here their pace,

Shall hail this work of pious care,

Lifting its front with modest grace

To make a fair recess more fair;

And to exalt the passing hour;

35

Or soothe it, with a healing power

Drawn from the Sacrifice fulfilled,

Before this rugged soil was tilled,

Or human habitation rose

To interrupt the deep repose!

40

Nor yet the corner stone is laid

With solemn rite; but Fancy sees

The tower time-stricken, and in shade

Embosomed of coeval trees;

Hears, o’er the lake, the warning clock

45

As it shall sound with gentle shock

At evening, when the ground beneath

Is ruffled o’er with cells of Death;

Where happy Generations lie,

Here tutored for Eternity.

50

Lives there a Man whose sole delights

Are trivial pomp and city noise,

Hardening a heart that loathes or slights

What every natural heart enjoys?

Who never caught a noon-tide dream

55

From murmur of a running stream;

Could strip, for aught the prospect yields

To him, their verdure from the fields;

And take the radiance from the clouds

In which the Sun his setting shrouds.

60

A Soul so pitiably forlorn,

If such do on this earth abide,

May season apathy with scorn,

May turn indifference to pride,

And still be not unblest—compared

65

With him who grovels, self-debarred

From all that lies within the scope

Of holy faith and Christian hope;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 575

Or, shipwrecked, kindles on the coast

False fires, that others may be lost.

70

Alas! that such perverted zeal

Should spread on Britain’s favoured ground!

That public order, private weal,

Should e’er have felt or feared a wound

From champions of the desperate law

75

Which from their own blind hearts they draw;

Who tempt their reason to deny

God, whom their passions dare defy,

And boast that they alone are free

Who reach this dire extremity!

80

But turn we from these “bold bad” men;

The way, mild Lady! that hath led

Down to their “dark opprobrious den,”

Is all too rough for Thee to tread.

Softly as morning vapours glide

85

Through Mosedale-cove from Carrock’s side,

Should move the tenour of his song

Who means to Charity no wrong;

Whose offering gladly would accord

With this day’s work, in thought and word.

90

Heaven prosper it! may peace, and love,

And hope, and consolation, fall,

Through its meek influence, from above,

And penetrate the hearts of all;

All who, around the hallowed Fane,

95

Shall sojourn in this fair domain;

Grateful to Thee, while service pure,

And ancient ordinance, shall endure,

For opportunity bestowed

To kneel together, and adore their God.

100

On the Same Occasion

Oh! gather whencesoe’er ye safely may

The help which slackening Piety requires;

Nor deem that he perforce must go astray

Who treads upon the footmarks of his Sires.

576 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Our churches, invariably perhaps, stand east and west, but why is by few

persons exactly known; nor, that the degree of deviation from due east often

noticeable in the ancient ones was determined, in each particular case, by

the point in the horizon, at which the sun rose upon the day of the Saint to

whom the church was dedicated. These observances of our Ancestors, and

the causes of them, are the subject of the following stanzas.

When in the antique age of bow and spear

And feudal rapine clothed with iron mail,

Came Ministers of peace, intent to rear

The mother Church in yon sequestered vale;

Then, to her Patron Saint a previous rite

5

Resounded with deep swell and solemn close,

Through unremitting vigils of the night,

Till from his couch the wished-for Sun uprose.

He rose, and straight—as by divine command,

They who had waited for that sign to trace

10

Their work’s foundation, gave with careful hand

To the high Altar its determined place;

Mindful of Him who in the Orient born

There lived, and on the cross his life resigned,

And who, from out the regions of the Morn,

15

Issuing in pomp, shall come to judge Mankind.

So taught their creed;—nor failed the eastern sky,

Mid these more awful feelings, to infuse

The sweet and natural hopes that shall not die

Long as the Sun his gladsome course renews.

20

For us hath such prelusive vigil ceased;

Yet still we plant, like men of elder days,

Our Christian Altar faithful to the East,

Whence the tall window drinks the morning rays;

That obvious emblem giving to the eye

25

Of meek devotion, which erewhile it gave,

That symbol of the dayspring from on high,

Triumphant o’er the darkness of the grave.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 577

Memory

A pen—to register; a key—

That winds through secret wards;

Are well assigned to Memory

By allegoric Bards.

As aptly, also, might be given

5

A Pencil to her hand;

That, softening objects, sometimes even

Outstrips the heart’s demand;

That smooths foregone distress, the lines

Of lingering care subdues,

10

Long-vanished happiness refines,

And clothes in brighter hues:

Yet, like a tool of Fancy, works

Those Spectres to dilate

That startle Conscience, as she lurks

15

Within her lonely seat.

O! that our lives, which flee so fast,

In purity were such,

That not an image of the past

Should fear that pencil’s touch!

20

Retirement then might hourly look

Upon a soothing scene,

Age steal to his allotted nook,

Contented and serene;

With heart as calm as Lakes that sleep,

25

In frosty moonlight glistening;

Or mountain Rivers, where they creep

Along a channel smooth and deep,

To their own far-off murmurs listening.

“First Floweret of the year is that which shows”

First Floweret of the year is that which shows

Its rival whiteness mid surrounding snows;

To guide the shining company of heaven,

578 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Brightest as first appears the star of Even;

Upon imperial brows the richest gem

5

Stands ever foremost in the diadem;

How, then, could mortal so unfit engage

To take his station in this leading page,

For others marshal with his pen the way

Which shall be trod in many a future day!

10

Why was not some fair Lady call’d to write

Dear words—for Memory characters of light—

Lines which enraptur’d Fancy might explore

And half create her image?—but no more;

Strangers! forgive the deed, an unsought task,

15

For what you look on, Friendship deigned to ask.

“How rich that forehead’s calm expanse!”

How rich that forehead’s calm expanse!

How bright that Heaven-directed glance!

—Waft her to Glory, wingèd Powers,

Ere Sorrow be renewed,

And intercourse with mortal hours

5

Bring back a humbler mood!

So looked Cecilia when she drew

An Angel from his station;

So looked—not ceasing to pursue

Her tuneful adoration!

10

But hand and voice alike are still;

No sound here sweeps away the will

That gave it birth;—in service meek

One upright arm sustains the cheek,

And one across the bosom lies—

15

That rose, and now forgets to rise,

Subdued by breathless harmonies

Of meditative feeling;

Mute strains from worlds beyond the skies,

Through the pure light of female eyes

20

Their sanctity revealing!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 579

A Flower Garden

Tell me, ye Zephyrs! that unfold,

While fluttering o’er this gay Recess,

Pinions that fanned the teeming mould

Of Eden’s blissful wilderness,

Did only softly-stealing Hours

5

There close the peaceful lives of flowers?

Say, when the moving Creatures saw

All kinds commingled without fear,

Prevailed a like indulgent law

For the still Growths that prosper here?

10

Did wanton Fawn and Kid forbear

The half-blown Rose, the Lily spare?

Or peeped they often from their beds

And prematurely disappeared,

Devoured like pleasure ere it spreads

15

A bosom to the Sun endeared?

If such their harsh untimely doom,

It falls not here on bud or bloom.

All Summer long the happy Eve

Of this fair Spot her flowers may bind,

20

Nor e’er, with ruffled fancy, grieve,

From the next glance she casts, to find

That love for little Things by Fate

Is rendered vain as love for great.

Yet, where the guardian Fence is wound,

25

So subtly is the eye beguiled

It sees not nor suspects a Bound,

No more than in some forest wild;

Free as the light in semblance—crost

Only by art in nature lost.

30

And, though the jealous turf refuse

By random footsteps to be prest,

And feeds on never-sullied dews,

Ye, gentle breezes from the West,

With all the ministers of Hope,

35

580 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Are tempted to this sunny slope!

And hither throngs of Birds resort;

Some, inmates lodged in shady nests,

Some, perched on stems of stately port

That nod to welcome transient guests;

40

While Hare and Leveret, seen at play,

Appear not more shut out than they.

Apt emblem (for reproof of pride)

This delicate Enclosure shows

Of modest kindness, that would hide

45

The firm protection she bestows;

Of manners, like its viewless fence,

Ensuring peace to innocence.

Thus spake the moral Muse—her wing

Abruptly spreading to depart,

50

She left that farewell offering,

Memento for some docile heart;

That may respect the good old Age

When Fancy was Truth’s willing Page;

And Truth would skim the flowery glade,

55

Though entering but as Fancy’s Shade.

To ———

Let other Bards of Angels sing,

Bright Suns without a spot;

But thou art no such perfect Thing;

Rejoice that thou art not!

Such if thou wert in all men’s view,

5

A universal show,

What would my Fancy have to do,

My Feelings to bestow?

The world denies that Thou art fair;

So, Mary, let it be

10

If nought in loveliness compare

With what thou art to me.

1 WW’s manuscript note identifies Mary Wordsworth as the addressee.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 581

True beauty dwells in deep retreats,

Whose veil is unremoved

Till heart with heart in concord beats,

15

And the Lover is beloved.

To ———

Look at the fate of summer Flowers,

Which blow at daybreak, droop ere even-song;

And, grieved for their brief date, confess that ours,

Measured by what we are and ought to be,

Measured by all that trembling we foresee,

5

Is not so long!

If human Life do pass away,

Perishing yet more swiftly than the Flower,

Whose frail existence is but of a day;

What space hath Virgin’s Beauty to disclose

10

Her sweets, and triumph o’er the breathing Rose?

Not even an hour!

The deepest grove whose foliage hid

The happiest Lovers Arcady might boast,

Could not the entrance of this thought forbid:

15

O be thou wise as they, soul-gifted Maid!

Nor rate too high what must so quickly fade,

So soon be lost.

Then shall Love teach some virtuous Youth

“To draw out of the Object of his eyes,”

20

The whilst on Thee they gaze in simple truth,

Hues more exalted, “a refinèd Form,”

That dreads not age, nor suffers from the worm,

And never dies.

To Rotha Q ———

Rotha, my Spiritual Child! this head was grey

When at the sacred Font for Thee I stood;

  WW’s manuscript note states that he addressed the poem to “dear friends” who were given

to attaching undue importance to “personal beauty.”

2 Addressed to Rotha Quillinan, the daughter of WW’s son-in-law Edward and his first wife.

She was named after the mountain stream of l. 9.

582 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Pledged till thou reach the verge of womanhood,

And shalt become thy own sufficient stay:

Too late, I feel, sweet Orphan! was the day

5

For stedfast hope the contract to fulfil;

Yet shall my blessing hover o’er thee still,

Embodied in the music of this Lay,

Breathed forth beside the peaceful mountain Stream

Whose murmur soothed thy languid Mother’s ear

10

After her throes, this Stream of name more dear

Since thou dost bear it,—a memorial theme

For others; for thy future self a spell

To summon fancies out of Time’s dark cell.

Composed among the Ruins of a Castle in North Wales

Through shattered galleries, ’mid roofless halls,

Wandering with timid footstep oft betrayed,

The Stranger sighs, nor scruples to upbraid

Old Time, though He, gentlest among the Thralls

Of Destiny, upon these wounds hath laid

5

His lenient touches, soft as light that falls,

From the wan Moon, upon the Towers and Walls,

Light deepening the profoundest sleep of shade.

Relic of Kings! Wreck of forgotten Wars,

To winds abandoned and the prying Stars,

10

Time loves Thee! at his call the Seasons twine

Luxuriant wreaths around thy forehead hoar;

And, though past pomp no changes can restore,

A soothing recompense, his gift, is Thine!

To the Lady E. B. and the Hon. Miss P

composed in the grounds of plass newidd, near llangollin, 1824

A Stream, to mingle with your favourite Dee,

Along the Vale of Meditation flows;

So styled by those fierce Britons, pleased to see

In Nature’s face the expression of repose;

Or haply there some pious Hermit chose

5

To live and die, the peace of Heaven his aim;

To whom the wild sequestered region owes,

At this late day, its sanctifying name.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 583

glyn cafaillgaroch, in the Cambrian tongue,

In ours the Vale of Friendship, let this spot

10

Be named; where, faithful to a low-roofed Cot,

On Deva’s banks, ye have abode so long;

Sisters in love—a love allowed to climb,

Even on this Earth, above the reach of Time!

To the Torrent at the Devil’s Bridge, North Wales

How art thou named? In search of what strange land

From what huge height, descending? Can such force

Of waters issue from a British source,

Or hath not Pindus fed Thee, where the band

Of Patriots scoop their freedom out, with hand

5

Desperate as thine? Or come the incessant shocks

From that young Stream, that smites the throbbing rocks

Of Viamala? There I seem to stand,

As in Life’s Morn; permitted to behold,

From the dread chasm, woods climbing above woods

10

In pomp that fades not, everlasting snows,

And skies that ne’er relinquish their repose;

Such power possess the Family of floods

Over the minds of Poets, young or old!

To ———

O dearer far than light and life are dear,

Full oft our human foresight I deplore;

Trembling, through my unworthiness, with fear

That friends, by death disjoined, may meet no more!

Misgivings, hard to vanquish or control,

5

Mix with the day, and cross the hour of rest;

While all the future, for thy purer soul,

With “sober certainties” of love is blest.

If a faint sigh, not meant for human ear,

Tell that these words thy humbleness offend,

10

Cherish me still—else faltering in the rear

Of a steep march; uphold me to the end.

  Addressed to Thomas Hutchinson, brother of Mary Wordsworth.

584 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Peace settles where the Intellect is meek,

And Love is dutiful in thought and deed;

Through Thee communion with that Love I seek;

15

The faith Heaven strengthens where he moulds the creed.

The Contrast

Within her gilded cage confined,

I saw a dazzling Belle,

A Parrot of that famous kind

Whose name is Non-pareil.

Like beads of glossy jet her eyes;

5

And, smoothed by Nature’s skill,

With pearl or gleaming agate vies

Her finely-curvèd bill.

Her plumy Mantle’s living hues

In mass opposed to mass,

10

Outshine the splendour that imbues

The robes of pictured glass.

And, sooth to say, an apter Mate

Did never tempt the choice

Of feathered Thing most delicate

15

In figure and in voice.

But, exiled from Australian Bowers,

And singleness her lot,

She trills her song with tutored powers,

Or mocks each casual note.

20

No more of pity for regrets

With which she may have striven!

Now but in wantonness she frets,

Or spite, if cause be given;

Arch, volatile, a sportive Bird

25

By social glee inspired;

Ambitious to be seen or heard,

And pleased to be admired!

__________

Last Poems (1820–1850) 585

This moss-lined shed, green, soft, and dry,

Harbours a self-contented Wren,

30

Not shunning man’s abode, though shy,

Almost as thought itself, of human ken.

Strange places, coverts unendeared

She never tried; the very nest

In which this Child of Spring was reared,

35

Is warmed, thro’ winter, by her feathery breast.

To the bleak winds she sometimes gives

A slender unexpected strain;

That tells the Hermitess still lives,

Though she appear not, and be sought in vain.

40

Say, Dora! tell me by yon placid Moon,

If called to choose between the favoured pair,

Which would you be,—the Bird of the Saloon,

By Lady fingers tended with nice care,

Caressed, applauded, upon dainties fed,

45

Or Nature’s darkling of this mossy Shed?

The Infant M——— M———

Unquiet Childhood here by special grace

Forgets her nature, opening like a flower

That neither feeds nor wastes its vital power

In painful struggles. Months each other chase,

And nought untunes that Infant’s voice; a trace

5

Of fretful temper sullies not her cheek;

Prompt, lively, self-sufficing, yet so meek

That one enrapt with gazing on her face,

(Which even the placid innocence of Death

Could scarcely make more placid, Heaven more bright,)

10

Might learn to picture, for the eye of faith,

The Virgin, as she shone with kindred light;

A Nursling couched upon her Mother’s knee,

Beneath some shady Palm of Galilee.

  Addressed to Mary Monkhouse, daughter of WW’s friend Thomas Monkhouse. She was

born December 2, 82.

586 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Cenotaph

In affectionate remembrance of Frances Fermor, whose remains are depos-

ited in the church of Claines, near Worcester, this stone is erected by her

sister, Dame Margaret, wife of Sir George Beaumont, Bart., who, feeling not

less than the love of a brother for the deceased, commends this memorial to

the care of his heirs and successors in the possession of this place.

By vain affections unenthralled,

Though resolute when duty called

To meet the world’s broad eye,

Pure as the holiest cloistered nun

That ever feared the tempting sun,

5

Did Fermor live and die.

This Tablet, hallowed by her name,

One heart-relieving tear may claim;

But if the pensive gloom

Of fond regret be still thy choice,

10

Exalt thy spirit, hear the voice

Of Jesus from her tomb!

“i am the way, the truth, and the life.”

Elegiac Stanzas. 1824

O for a dirge! But why complain?

Ask rather a triumphal strain

When fermor’s race is run;

A garland of immortal boughs

To bind around the Christian’s brows,

5

Whose glorious work is done.

We pay a high and holy debt;

No tears of passionate regret

Shall stain this votive lay;

Ill-worthy, Beaumont! were the grief

10

That flings itself on wild relief

When Saints have passed away.

Sad doom, at Sorrow’s shrine to kneel,

For ever covetous to feel,

And impotent to bear:

15

  The subject here, as in the preceding poem, is Frances Fermor.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 587

Such once was hers—to think and think

On severed love, and only sink

From anguish to despair!

But nature to its inmost part

Had Faith refined, and to her heart

20

A peaceful cradle given;

Calm as the dew-drop’s, free to rest

Within a breeze-fanned rose’s breast

Till it exhales to heaven.

Was ever Spirit that could bend

25

So graciously?—that could descend,

Another’s need to suit,

So promptly from her lofty throne?—

In works of love, in these alone,

How restless, how minute!

30

Pale was her hue; yet mortal cheek

Ne’er kindled with a livelier streak

When aught had suffered wrong,—

When aught that breathes had felt a wound;

Such look the Oppressor might confound,

35

However proud and strong.

But hushed be every thought that springs

From out the bitterness of things;

Her quiet is secure;

No thorns can pierce her tender feet,

40

Whose life was, like the violet sweet,

As climbing jasmine, pure;—

As snowdrop on an infant’s grave,

Or lily heaving with the wave

That feeds it and defends;

45

As Vesper, ere the star hath kissed

The mountain top, or breathed the mist

That from the vale ascends.

Thou takest not away, O Death!

Thou strik’st—and absence perisheth,

50

Indifference is no more;

588 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The future brightens on our sight;

For on the past hath fallen a light

That tempts us to adore.

“Why, Minstrel, these untuneful murmurings—”

“Why, Minstrel, these untuneful murmurings—

Dull, flagging notes that with each other jar?”

“Think, gentle Lady, of a Harp so far

From its own Country, and forgive the strings.”

A simple answer! but even so forth springs,

5

From the Castalian fountain of the heart,

The Poetry of Life, and all that Art

Divine of words quickening insensate Things.

From the submissive necks of guiltless Men

Stretched on the block, the glittering axe recoils;

10

Sun, Moon, and Stars, all struggle in the toils

Of mortal sympathy; what wonder then

If the poor Harp distempered music yields

To its sad Lord, far from his native Fields?

A Morning Exercise

Fancy, who leads the pastimes of the glad,

Full oft is pleased a wayward dart to throw;

Sending sad shadows after things not sad,

Peopling the harmless fields with signs of woe:

Beneath her sway, a simple forest cry

5

Becomes an echo of Man’s misery.

Blithe Ravens croak of death; and when the Owl

Tries his two voices for a favourite strain—

Tu-whit—Tu-whoo! the unsuspecting fowl

Forebodes mishap, or seems but to complain;

10

Fancy, intent to harass and annoy,

Can thus pervert the evidence of joy.

Through border wilds where naked Indians stray,

Myriads of notes attest her subtle skill;

A feathered Task-master cried, “work away!”

15

Last Poems (1820–1850) 589

And, in thy iteration, “whip poor will,”

Is heard the Spirit of a toil-worn Slave,

Lashed out of life, not quiet in the grave!

What wonder? at her bidding, ancient lays

Steeped in dire griefs the voice of Philomel;

20

And that fleet Messenger of summer days,

The Swallow, twittered subject to like spell;

But ne’er could Fancy bend the buoyant Lark

To melancholy service—hark! O hark!

The daisy sleeps upon the dewy lawn,

25

Not lifting yet the head that evening bowed;

But He is risen, a later star of dawn,

Glittering and twinkling near yon rosy cloud;

Bright gem instinct with music, vocal spark;

The happiest Bird that sprang out of the Ark!

30

Hail, blest above all kinds!—Supremely skilled

Restless with fixed to balance, high with low,

Thou leav’st the Halcyon free her hopes to build

On such forbearance as the deep may show;

Perpetual flight, unchecked by earthly ties,

35

Leavest to the wandering Bird of Paradise.

Faithful, though swift as lightning, the meek Dove;

Yet more hath Nature reconciled in thee;

So constant with thy downward eye of love,

Yet, in aerial singleness, so free;

40

So humble, yet so ready to rejoice

In power of wing and never-wearied voice!

How would it please old Ocean to partake,

With Sailors longing for a breeze in vain,

The harmony that thou best lovest to make

45

Where earth resembles most his blank domain!

Urania’s self might welcome with pleased ear

These matins mounting towards her native sphere.

  “See  Waterton’s  Wanderings  in  South  America.”  WW  refers  to  Charles  Waterton’s

Wanderings in South America, the North-West of the United States, and the Antilles, in the Years 1812, 1816, 1820 and 1824 (London, 825).

590 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Chanter by Heaven attracted, whom no bars

To day-light known deter from that pursuit,

50

’Tis well that some sage instinct, when the stars

Come forth at evening, keeps Thee still and mute;

For not an eyelid could to sleep incline

Were thou among them singing as they shine!

To a Sky-lark

Ethereal Minstrel! Pilgrim of the sky!

Dost thou despise the earth where cares abound?

Or, while the wings aspire, are heart and eye

Both with thy nest upon the dewy ground?

Thy nest which thou canst drop into at will,

5

Those quivering wings composed, that music still!

To the last point of vision, and beyond,

Mount, daring Warbler! that love-prompted strain,

(’Twixt thee and thine a never-failing bond)

Thrills not the less the bosom of the plain:

10

Yet might’st thou seem, proud privilege! to sing

All independent of the leafy spring.

Leave to the Nightingale her shady wood;

A privacy of glorious light is thine;

Whence thou dost pour upon the world a flood

15

Of harmony, with rapture more divine;

Type of the wise who soar, but never roam;

True to the kindred points of Heaven and Home!

“While they, her Playmates once, light-hearted tread”

While they, her Playmates once, light-hearted tread

The mountain turf and river’s flowery marge;

Or float with music in the festal barge;

Rein the proud steed, or through the dance are led;

Is Anna doomed to press a weary bed—

5

Till oft her guardian Angel, to some Charge

More urgent called, will stretch his wings at large,

And Friends too rarely prop the languid head.

Yet Genius is no feeble comforter:

The presence even of a stuffed Owl for her

10

Last Poems (1820–1850) 591

Can cheat the time; sending her fancy out

To ivied castles and to moonlight skies,

Though he can neither stir a plume, nor shout,

Nor veil, with restless film, his staring eyes.

To ———

Such age how beautiful! O Lady bright,

Whose mortal lineaments seem all refined

By favouring Nature and a saintly Mind

To something purer and more exquisite

Than flesh and blood; whene’er thou meet’st my sight,

5

When I behold thy blanched unwithered cheek,

Thy temples fringed with locks of gleaming white,

And head that droops because the soul is meek,

Thee with the welcome Snowdrop I compare;

That Child of Winter, prompting thoughts that climb

10

From desolation tow’rds the genial prime;

Or with the Moon conquering earth’s misty air,

And filling more and more with crystal light

As pensive Evening deepens into night.

“Ere with cold beads of midnight dew”

Ere with cold beads of midnight dew

Had mingled tears of thine,

I grieved, fond Youth! that thou shouldst sue

To haughty Geraldine.

Immoveable by generous sighs,

5

She glories in a train

Who drag, beneath our native skies,

An Oriental Chain.

Pine not like them with arms across,

Forgetting in thy care

10

How the fast-rooted trees can toss

Their branches in mid air.

The humblest Rivulet will take

Its own wild liberties;

  Addressed to Lady Fitzgerald, as described to WW by his friend Lady Beaumont.

592 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And, every day, the imprisoned Lake

15

Is flowing in the breeze.

Then, crouch no more on suppliant knee,

But scorn with scorn outbrave;

A Briton, even in love, should be

A subject, not a slave!

20

Inscription

The massy Ways, carried across these Heights

By Roman Perseverance, are destroyed,

Or hidden under ground, like sleeping worms.

How venture then to hope that Time will spare

This humble Walk? Yet on the mountain’s side

5

A Poet’s hand first shaped it; and the steps

Of that same Bard, repeated to and fro

At morn, at noon, and under moonlight skies,

Through the vicissitudes of many a year,

Forbade the weeds to creep o’er its grey line.

10

No longer, scattering to the heedless winds

The vocal raptures of fresh poesy,

Shall he frequent these precincts; locked no more

In earnest converse with beloved Friends,

Here will he gather stores of ready bliss,

15

As from the beds and borders of a garden

Choice flowers are gathered! But, if Power may spring

Out of a farewell yearning favoured more

Than kindred wishes mated suitably

With vain regrets, the Exile would consign

20

This Walk, his loved possession, to the care

Of those pure Minds that reverence the Muse.

“Strange visitation! at Jemima’s lip”

Strange visitation! at Jemima’s lip

  “This Sonnet, as Poetry, explains itself, yet the scene of the incident having been a wild

wood, it may be doubted, as a point of natural history, whether the bird was aware that his

attentions were bestowed upon a human, or even a living, creature. But a Redbreast will

perch upon the foot of a gardener at work, and alight on the handle of the spade when his

hand is half upon it—this I have seen. And under my own roof I have witnessed affecting

instances of the creature’s friendly visits to the chambers of sick persons, as described in

the Author’s poems, [ The Redbreast. (Suggested in a Westmoreland Cottage.), included

Last Poems (1820–1850) 593

Thus hadst thou pecked, wild Redbreast! Love might say,

A half-blown rose had tempted thee to sip

Its glistening dews; but hallowed is the clay

Which the Muse warms; and I, whose head is grey,

5

Am not unworthy of thy fellowship;

Nor could I let one thought—one motion—slip

That might thy sylvan confidence betray.

For are we not all His, without whose care

Vouchsafed no sparrow falleth to the ground?

10

Who gives his Angels wings to speed through air,

And rolls the planets through the blue profound;

Then peck or perch, fond Flutterer! nor forbear

To trust a Poet in still vision bound.

“When Philoctetes in the Lemnian Isle”

When Philoctetes in the Lemnian Isle

Lay couched;—upon that breathless Monument,

On him, or on his fearful bow unbent,

Some wild Bird oft might settle, and beguile

The rigid features of a transient smile,

5

Disperse the tear, or to the sigh give vent,

Slackening the pains of ruthless banishment

From home affections, and heroic toil.

Nor doubt that spiritual Creatures round us move,

Griefs to allay that Reason cannot heal;

10

And very Reptiles have sufficed to prove

To fettered Wretchedness, that no Bastile

Is deep enough to exclude the light of love,

Though Man for Brother Man has ceased to feel.

Retirement

If the whole weight of what we think and feel,

Save only far as thought and feeling blend

With action, were as nothing, patriot Friend!

From thy remonstrance would be no appeal;

below]. One of these welcome intruders used frequently to roost upon a nail in the wall,

from which a picture had hung, and was ready, as morning came, to pipe his song in the

hearing of the Invalid, who had been long confined to her room. These attachments to a

particular person, when marked and continued, used to be reckoned ominous; but the

superstition is passing away.” WW added this note in 838.

594 The Poems of William Wordsworth

But to promote and fortify the weal

5

Of our own Being, is her paramount end;

A truth which they alone shall comprehend

Who shun the mischief which they cannot heal.

Peace in these feverish times is sovereign bliss;

Here, with no thirst but what the stream can slake,

10

And startled only by the rustling brake,

Cool air I breathe; while the unincumbered Mind,

By some weak aims at services assigned

To gentle Natures, thanks not Heaven amiss.

“Fair Prime of life! were it enough to gild”

Fair Prime of life! were it enough to gild

With ready sunbeams every straggling shower;

And, if an unexpected cloud should lower,

Swiftly thereon a rainbow arch to build

For Fancy’s errands,—then, from fields half-tilled

5

Gathering green weeds to mix with poppy flower,

Thee might thy Minions crown, and chant thy power,

Unpitied by the wise, all censure stilled.

Ah! show that worthier honours are thy due;

Fair Prime of Life! arouse the deeper heart;

10

Confirm the Spirit glorying to pursue

Some path of steep ascent and lofty aim;

And, if there be a joy that slights the claim

Of grateful memory, bid that joy depart.

“Go back to antique Ages, if thine eyes”

Go back to antique Ages, if thine eyes

The genuine mien and character would trace

Of the rash Spirit that still holds her place,

Prompting the World’s audacious vanities!

See, at her call, the Tower of Babel rise;

5

The Pyramid extend its monstrous base,

For some Aspirant of our short-lived race,

Anxious an aery name to immortalize.

There, too, ere wiles and politic dispute

Gave specious colouring to aim and act,

10

See the first mighty Hunter leave the brute

Last Poems (1820–1850) 595

To chase mankind, with men in armies packed

For his field-pastime, high and absolute,

While, to dislodge his game, cities are sacked!

“Are States oppress’d afflicted and degraded”

Are States oppress’d afflicted and degraded

Lo! while before Minerva’s altar quake

The concious Tyrants, like a vengeful snake

Leaps forth the Sword that lurk’d with myrtles braided!

Thence to the Capitol by Fancy aided

5

The hush’d design of Brutus to partake

Or watch the Hero of the Helvetian Lake

’Till from that rocky couch with pine oershaded

He starts and grasps his deadly Carabine

Nor let thy thirst forego the draught divine

10

Of Liberty which like a liquid Fountain

Refresh’d Pelayo on the illustrious mountain;

The Swede within the Dalecarlian mine

When every hope but his was shrunk and faded.

Ode,

composed on may morning

While from the purpling east departs

The Star that led the dawn,

Blithe Flora from her couch upstarts,

For May is on the lawn.

A quickening hope, a freshening glee,

5

Foreran the expected Power,

Whose first-drawn breath, from bush and tree,

Shakes off that pearly shower.

All Nature welcomes Her whose sway,

Tempers the year’s extremes;

10

Who scattereth lusters o’er noon-day,

Like morning’s dewy gleams;

While mellow warble, sprightly trill,

The tremulous heart excite;

And hums the balmy air to still

15

The balance of delight.

596 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Time was, blest Power! when Youths and Maids

At peep of dawn would rise,

And wander forth, in forest glades

Thy birth to solemnize.

20

Though mute the song—to grace the rite

Untouched the hawthorn bough,

Thy Spirit triumphs o’er the slight;

Man changes, but not Thou!

Thy feathered Lieges bill and wings

25

In love’s disport employ;

Warmed by thy influence, creeping Things

Awake to silent joy:

Queen art thou still for each gay Plant

Where the slim wild Deer roves;

30

And served in depths where Fishes haunt

Their own mysterious groves.

Cloud-piercing Peak, and trackless Heath,

Instinctive homage pay;

Nor wants the dim-lit Cave a wreath

35

To honour Thee, sweet May!

Where Cities fanned by thy brisk airs

Behold a smokeless sky,

Their puniest Flower-pot-nursling dares

To open a bright eye.

40

And if, on this thy natal morn,

The Pole, from which thy name

Hath not departed, stands forlorn

Of song and dance and game,

Still from the village-green a vow

45

Aspires to thee addrest,

Wherever peace is on the brow,

Or love within the breast.

Yes! where Love nestles thou canst teach

The soul to love the more;

50

Hearts also shall thy lessons reach

That never loved before.

Stript is the haughty One of pride,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 597

The bashful freed from fear,

While rising, like the ocean-tide,

55

In flows the joyous year.

Hush, feeble lyre! weak words, refuse

The service to prolong!

To yon exulting Thrush the Muse

Intrusts the imperfect song;

60

His voice shall chant, in accents clear,

Throughout the live-long day,

Till the first silver Star appear,

The sovereignty of May.

To May

Though many suns have risen and set

Since thou, blithe May, wert born,

And Bards, who hailed thee, may forget

Thy gifts, thy beauty scorn;

There are who to a birthday strain

5

Confine not harp and voice,

But evermore throughout thy reign

Are grateful and rejoice!

Delicious odours! music sweet,

Too sweet to pass away!

10

Oh for a deathless song to meet

The soul’s desire—a lay

That, when a thousand years are told,

Should praise thee, genial Power!

Through summer heat, autumnal cold,

15

And winter’s dreariest hour.

Earth, Sea, thy presence feel—nor less,

If yon ethereal blue

With its soft smile the truth express,

The Heavens have felt it too.

20

The inmost heart of man if glad

Partakes a livelier cheer;

And eyes that cannot but be sad

Let fall a brightened tear.

598 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Since thy return, through days and weeks

25

Of hope that grew by stealth,

How many wan and faded cheeks

Have kindled into health!

The Old, by thee revived, have said,

“Another year is ours;”

30

And wayworn Wanderers, poorly fed,

Have smiled upon thy flowers.

Who tripping lisps a merry song

Amid his playful peers?

The tender Infant who was long

35

A prisoner of fond fears;

But now, when every sharp-edged blast

Is quiet in its sheath,

His Mother leaves him free to taste

Earth’s sweetness in thy breath.

40

Thy help is with the Weed that creeps

Along the humblest ground;

No Cliff so bare but on its steeps

Thy favours may be found;

But most on some peculiar nook

45

That our own hands have drest,

Thou and thy train are proud to look,

And seem to love it best.

And yet how pleased we wander forth

When May is whispering, “Come!

50

Choose from the bowers of virgin earth

The happiest for your home;

Heaven’s bounteous love through me is spread

From sunshine, clouds, winds, waves,

Drops on the mouldering turret’s head,

55

And on your turf-clad graves!”

Such greeting heard, away with sighs

For lilies that must fade,

Or “the rathe primrose as it dies

Forsaken” in the shade!

60

Vernal fruitions and desires

Last Poems (1820–1850) 599

Are linked in endless chase;

While, as one kindly growth retires,

Another takes its place.

And what if thou, sweet May, hast known

65

Mishap by worm and blight;

If expectations newly blown

Have perished in thy sight;

If loves and joys, while up they sprung,

Were caught as in a snare;

70

Such is the lot of all the young,

However bright and fair.

Lo! Streams that April could not check

Are patient of thy rule;

Gurgling in foamy water-break,

75

Loitering in glassy pool:

By thee, thee only, could be sent

Such gentle Mists as glide,

Curling with unconfirmed intent,

On that green mountain’s side.

80

How delicate the leafy veil

Through which yon House of God

Gleams ’mid the peace of this deep dale

By few but shepherds trod!

And lowly Huts, near beaten ways,

85

No sooner stand attired

In thy fresh wreaths, than they for praise

Peep forth, and are admired.

Season of fancy and of hope,

Permit not for one hour

90

A blossom from thy crown to drop,

Nor add to it a flower!

Keep, lovely May, as if by touch

Of self-restraining art,

This modest charm of not too much,

95

Part seen, imagined part!

600 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“Once I could hail (howe’er serene the sky)”

“Late, late yestreen I saw the new moone

Wi’ the auld moone in hir arme.”

Ballad of Sir Patrick Spence, Percy’s Reliques.

Once I could hail (howe’er serene the sky)

The Moon re-entering her monthly round,

No faculty yet given me to espy

The dusky Shape within her arms imbound,

That thin memento of effulgence lost

5

Which some have named her Predecessor’s Ghost.

Young, like the Crescent that above me shone,

Nought I perceived within it dull or dim;

All that appeared was suitable to One

Whose fancy had a thousand fields to skim;

10

To expectations spreading with wild growth,

And hope that kept with me her plighted troth.

I saw (ambition quickening at the view)

A silver boat launched on a boundless flood;

A pearly crest, like Dian’s when it threw

15

Its brightest splendour round a leafy wood;

But not a hint from under-ground, no sign

Fit for the glimmering brow of Proserpine.

Or was it Dian’s self that seemed to move

Before me? nothing blemished the fair sight;

20

On her I looked whom jocund Fairies love,

Cynthia, who puts the little stars to flight,

And by that thinning magnifies the great,

For exaltation of her sovereign state.

And when I learned to mark the spectral Shape

25

As each new Moon obeyed the call of Time,

If gloom fell on me, swift was my escape;

Such happy privilege hath Life’s gay Prime,

To see or not to see, as best may please

A buoyant Spirit, and a heart at ease.

30

  WW cites Thomas Percy’s  Reliques of Ancient English Poetry (3 vols.; London, 765).

Last Poems (1820–1850) 601

Now, dazzling Stranger! when thou meet’st my glance,

Thy dark Associate ever I discern;

Emblem of thoughts too eager to advance

While I salute my joys, thoughts sad or stern;

Shades of past bliss, or phantoms that to gain

35

Their fill of promised lustre wait in vain.

So changes mortal Life with fleeting years;

A mournful change, should Reason fail to bring

The timely insight that can temper fears,

And from vicissitude remove its sting;

40

While Faith aspires to seats in that Domain

Where joys are perfect, neither wax nor wane.

“The Lady whom you here behold”

The Lady whom you here behold

Was once Pigmalion’s Wife

He made her first from marble cold

And Venus gave her life.

When fate remov’d her from his arms

5

Thro’ sundry Forms she pass’d

And conquering hearts by various charms

This shape she took at last.

We caught her, true tho’ strange th’ account

Among a troop of Fairies

10

Who nightly frisk on our green Mount

And practise strange vagaries.

Her raiment then was scant, so we

Bestowed some pains upon her

Part for the sake of decency

15

And part to do her honor.

But as no doubt ’twas for her sins

We found her in such plight

She shall do penance stuck with pins

And serve you day and night.

20

602 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To ———

Happy the feeling from the bosom thrown

In perfect shape whose beauty Time shall spare

Though a breath made it, like a bubble blown

For summer pastime into wanton air;

Happy the thought best likened to a stone

5

Of the sea-beach, when, polished with nice care,

Veins it discovers exquisite and rare,

Which for the loss of that moist gleam atone

That tempted first to gather it. O chief

Of Friends! such feelings if I here present,

10

Such thoughts, with others mixed less fortunate;

Then smile into my heart a fond belief

That Thou, if not with partial joy elate,

Receiv’st the gift for more than mild content!

To S. H.

Excuse is needless when with love sincere

Of occupation, not by fashion led,

Thou turn’st the Wheel that slept with dust o’erspread;

My nerves from no such murmur shrink,––tho’ near,

Soft as the Dorhawk’s to a distant ear,

5

When twilight shades bedim the mountain’s head.

She who was feigned to spin our vital thread

Might smile, O Lady! on a task once dear

To household virtues. Venerable Art,

Torn from the Poor! yet will kind Heaven protect

10

Its own, not left without a guiding chart,

If Rulers, trusting with undue respect

To proud discoveries of the Intellect,

Sanction the pillage of man’s ancient heart.

“Prithee gentle Lady list”

Prithee gentle Lady list

To a small Ventriloquist

I whose pretty voice you hear

From this paper speaking clear

  Probably addressed to Mary Wordsworth.

2  Sara Hutchinson, WW’s sister-in-law.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 603

Have a mother, once a Statue!

5

I thus boldly looking at you

Do the name of Paphus bear

Fam’d Pygmalion’s son and heir

By that wondrous marble wife

That from Venus took her life

10

Cupid’s nephew then am I

Nor unskilled his darts to ply

But from him I crav’d no warrant

Coming thus to seek my parent

Not equipp’d with bow and quiver

15

Her by menace to deliver

But resolv’d with filial care

Her captivity to share

Hence while on your Toilet she

Is doom’d a Pincushion to be

20

By her side I’ll take my place

As a humble Needlecase

Furnish’d too with dainty thread

For a Sempstress thorough bred

Then let both be kindly treated

25

Till the Term for which she’s fated

Durance to sustain be over

So will I ensure a Lover

Lady! to your heart’s content

But on harshness are you bent?

30

Bitterly shall you repent

When to Cyprus back I go

And take up my Uncle’s bow.

Conclusion

to ———

If these brief Records, by the Muses’ art

Produced as lonely Nature or the strife

That animates the scenes of public life

Inspired, may in thy leisure claim a part;

And if these Transcripts of the private heart

5

  The  sonnet  concluded  the  Miscellaneous  Sonnets  in  WW’s  Poetical Works  (827)  and reflects back on them at the close of that series.

604 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Have gained a sanction from thy falling tears,

Then I repent not: but my soul hath fears

Breathed from eternity; for as a dart

Cleaves the blank air, Life flies: now every day

Is but a glimmering spoke in the swift wheel

10

Of the revolving week. Away, away,

All fitful cares, all transitory zeal;

So timely Grace the immortal wing may heal,

And honour rest upon the senseless clay.

Address

to kilchurn castle upon loch awe

“From the top of the hill a most impressive scene opened upon our view,—

a ruined Castle on an Island at some distance from the shore, backed by a

Cove of the Mountain Cruachan, down which came a foaming stream. The

Castle occupied every foot of the Island that was visible to us, appearing

to rise out of the Water,—mists rested upon the mountain side, with spots

of sunshine; there was a mild desolation in the low-grounds, a solemn

grandeur in the mountains, and the Castle was wild, yet stately—not dis-

mantled of Turrets—nor the walls broken down, though obviously a ruin.”

Extract from the Journal of my Companion.

Child of loud-throated War! the mountain Stream

Roars in thy hearing; but thy hour of rest

Is come, and thou art silent in thy age;

Save when the winds sweep by and sounds are caught

Ambiguous, neither wholly thine nor theirs.

5

Oh! there is life that breathes not; Powers there are

That touch each other to the quick in modes

Which the gross world no sense hath to perceive,

No soul to dream of. What art Thou, from care

10

Cast off—abandoned by thy rugged Sire,

Nor by soft Peace adopted; though, in place

And in dimension, such that thou might’st seem

But a mere footstool to yon sovereign Lord,

Huge Cruachan, (a thing that meaner Hills

15

Might crush, nor know that it had suffered harm;)

Yet he, not loth, in favour of thy claims

To reverence suspends his own; submitting

All that the God of Nature hath conferred,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 605

All that he has in common with the Stars,

20

To the memorial majesty of Time

Impersonated in thy calm decay!

Take, then, thy seat, Vicegerent unreproved!

Now, while a farewell gleam of evening light

Is fondly lingering on thy shattered front,

25

Do thou, in turn, be paramount; and rule

Over the pomp and beauty of a scene

Whose mountains, torrents, lake, and woods, unite

To pay thee homage; and with these are joined,

In willing admiration and respect,

30

Two Hearts, which in thy presence might be called

Youthful as Spring. Shade of departed Power,

Skeleton of unfleshed humanity,

The Chronicle were welcome that should call

Into the compass of distinct regard

35

The toils and struggles of thy infancy!

Yon foaming flood seems motionless as Ice;

Its dizzy turbulence eludes the eye,

Frozen by distance; so, majestic Pile,

To the perception of this Age, appear

40

Thy fierce beginnings, softened and subdued

And quieted in character; the strife,

The pride, the fury uncontrollable,

Lost on the aërial heights of the Crusades!

“Scorn not the Sonnet; Critic, you have frowned”

Scorn not the Sonnet; Critic, you have frowned,

Mindless of its just honours;—with this Key

Shakspeare unlocked his heart; the melody

Of this small Lute gave ease to Petrarch’s wound;

A thousand times this Pipe did Tasso sound;

5

Camöens soothed with it an Exile’s grief;

The Sonnet glittered a gay myrtle Leaf

Amid the cypress with which Dante crowned

His visionary brow: a glow-worm Lamp,

It cheered mild Spenser, called from Faery-land

10

  “The Tradition is, that the Castle was built by a Lady during the absence of her Lord in

Palestine.” WW

606 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To struggle through dark ways; and when a damp

Fell round the path of Milton, in his hand

The Thing became a Trumpet, whence he blew

Soul-animating strains—alas, too few!

“There is a pleasure in poetic pains”

There is a pleasure in poetic pains

Which only Poets know;—’twas rightly said;

Whom could the Muses else allure to tread

Their smoothest paths, to wear their lightest chains?

When happiest Fancy has inspired the Strains,

5

How oft the malice of one luckless word

Pursues the Enthusiast to the social board,

Haunts him belated on the silent plains!

Yet he repines not, if his thought stand clear

At last of hindrance and obscurity,

10

Fresh as the Star that crowns the brow of Morn;

Bright, speckless as a softly-moulded tear

The moment it has left the Virgin’s eye,

Or rain-drop lingering on the pointed Thorn.

To the Cuckoo

Not the whole warbling grove in concert heard

When sunshine follows shower, the breast can thrill

Like the first summons, Cuckoo! of thy bill,

With its twin notes inseparably paired.

The Captive, ’mid damp vaults unsunned, unaired,

5

Measuring the periods of his lonely doom,

That cry can reach; and to the sick man’s room

Sends gladness, by no languid smile declared.

The lordly Eagle-race through hostile search

May perish; time may come when never more

10

The wilderness shall hear the Lion roar;

But, long as Cock shall crow from household perch

To rouse the dawn, soft gales shall speed thy wing,

And thy erratic voice be faithful to the Spring!

“In my mind’s eye a Temple, like a cloud”

In my mind’s eye a Temple, like a cloud

Last Poems (1820–1850) 607

Slowly surmounting some invidious hill,

Rose out of darkness: the bright Work stood still,

And might of its own beauty have been proud,

But it was fashioned and to God was vowed

5

By virtues that diffused, in every part,

Spirit divine through forms of human art:

Faith had her arch—her arch, when winds blow loud,

Into the consciousness of safety thrilled;

And Love her towers of dread foundation laid

10

Under the grave of things; Hope had her spire

Star-high, and pointing still to something higher;

Trembling I gazed, but heard a voice—it said,

Hell-gates are powerless Phantoms when we build.

On Seeing a Needlecase in the Form of a Harp,

the work of e. m. s.

Frowns are on every Muse’s face,

Reproaches from their lips are sent,

That mimickry should thus disgrace

The noble Instrument.

A very Harp in all but size!

5

Needles for strings in apt gradation!

Minerva’s self would stigmatize

The unclassic profanation.

Even her own Needle that subdued

Arachne’s rival spirit,

10

Though wrought in Vulcan’s happiest mood,

Like station could not merit.

And this, too, from the Laureate’s Child,

A living Lord of melody!

How will her Sire be reconciled

15

To the refined indignity?

I spake, when whispered a low voice,

“Bard! moderate your ire;

“Spirits of all degrees rejoice

  Edith May Southey was the daughter of Robert Southey of Greta Hall, Keswick.

608 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“In presence of the Lyre.

20

“The Minstrels of Pygmean bands,

“Dwarf Genii, moonlight-loving Fays,

“Have shells to fit their tiny hands

“And suit their slender lays.

“Some, still more delicate of ear,

25

“Have lutes (believe my words)

“Whose framework is of gossamer,

“While sunbeams are the chords.

“Gay Sylphs this Miniature will court,

“Made vocal by their brushing wings,

30

“And sullen Gnomes will learn to sport

“Around its polished strings;

“Whence strains to love-sick Maiden dear,

“While in her lonely Bower she tries

“To cheat the thought she cannot cheer,

35

“By fanciful embroideries.

“Trust, angry Bard! a knowing Sprite,

“Nor think the Harp her lot deplores;

“Though mid the stars the Lyre shines bright,

“Love stoops as fondly as he soars.”

40

“Her only Pilot the soft breeze the Boat”

Her only Pilot the soft breeze the Boat

Lingers, but Fancy is well satisfied;

With keen-eyed Hope, with Memory, at her side,

And the glad Muse at liberty to note

All that to each is precious, as we float

5

Gently along; regardless who shall chide

If the Heavens smile, and leave us free to glide,

Happy Associates breathing air remote

From trivial cares. But, Fancy and the Muse,

Why have I crowded this small Bark with you

10

And others of your kind, Ideal Crew!

While here sits One whose brightness owes its hues

To flesh and blood; no Goddess from above,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 609

No fleeting Spirit, but my own true Love?

Farewell Lines

“High bliss is only for a higher state,”

But, surely, if severe afflictions borne

With patience merit the reward of peace,

Peace ye deserve; and may the solid good,

Sought by a wise though late exchange, and here

5

With bounteous hand beneath a cottage-roof

To you accorded, never be withdrawn,

Nor for the world’s best promises renounced.

Most soothing was it for a welcome friend,

Fresh from the crowded city, to behold

10

That lonely union, privacy so deep,

Such calm employments, such entire content.

So, when the rain is over, the storm laid,

A pair of herons oft-times have I seen,

Upon a rocky islet, side by side,

15

Drying their feathers in the sun, at ease;

And so, when night with grateful gloom had fallen,

Two glowworms in such nearness that they shared,

As seemed, their soft self-satisfying light,

Each with the other, on the dewy ground,

20

Where He that made them blesses their repose.

When wandering among lakes and hills I note,

Once more, those creatures thus by nature paired,

And guarded in their tranquil state of life,

Even, as your happy presence to my mind

25

Their union brought, will they repay the debt,

And send a thankful spirit back to you,

With hope that we, dear Friends! shall meet again.

Extract from the Strangers book

Station Winandermere

“Lord & Lady Darlington, Lady Vane, Miss Taylor & Capn Stamp

pronounce this Lake superior to Lac de Geneve, Lago de Como, Lago

Maggiore, L’Eau de Zurick, Loch Lomond, Loch Ketterine or the Lakes

of Killarney”—

610 The Poems of William Wordsworth

on seeing the above

My Lord and Lady Darlington

I would not speak in snarling tone

Nor to you good Lady Vane

Would I give one moment’s pain

Nor Miss Taylor Captain Stamp

5

Would I your flights of memory cramp

Yet having spent a summer’s day

On the green margin of Loch Tay

And doubled (prospects ever bettering)

The mazy reaches of Loch Ketterine

10

And more than once been free at Luss

Loch Lomond’s beauties to discuss

And wish’d at least to hear the blarney

Of the sly boatmen of Killarney

And dipt my hand in dancing wave

15

Of “Eau de Zurich Lac Genêve”

And bow’d to many a Major Domo

On stately terraces of Como

And seen the Simplon’s forehead hoary

Reclinèd on Lago Maggiore

20

At breathless eventide at rest

On the broad water’s placid breast

I, not insensible Heaven knows

To the charms this station shows,

Must tell you Capn Lord and Ladies,

25

For honest truth one Poet’s trade is,

That your praise appears to me

Folly’s own Hyperbole—!

“Four fiery steeds impatient of the rein”

Four fiery steeds impatient of the rein

Whirled us o’er sunless ground beneath a sky

As void of sunshine, when, from that wide Plain,

Clear tops of far-off Mountains we descry,

Like a Sierra of cerulean Spain,

5

All light and lustre. Did no heart reply?

Yes, there was One;—for One, asunder fly

The thousand links of that ethereal chain;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 611

And green vales open out, with grove and field,

And the fair front of many a happy Home;

10

Such tempting spots as into vision come

While Soldiers, of the weapons that they wield

Weary, and sick of strifeful Christendom,

Gaze on the moon by parting clouds revealed.

Roman Antiquities Discovered,

at bishopstone, herefordshire

While poring Antiquarians search the ground

Upturned with curious pains, the Bard, a Seer,

Takes fire:—The men that have been reappear;

Romans for travel girt, for business gowned,

And some recline on couches, myrtle-crowned,

5

In festal glee: why not? For fresh and clear,

As if its hues were of the passing year,

Dawns this time-buried pavement. From that mound

Hoards may come forth of Trajans, Maximins,

Shrunk into coins with all their warlike toil:

10

Or a fierce impress issues with its foil

Of tenderness—the Wolf, whose suckling Twins

The unlettered Ploughboy pities when he wins

The casual treasure from the furrowed soil.

St. Catherine of Ledbury

When human touch, as monkish books attest,

Nor was applied nor could be, Ledbury bells

Broke forth in concert flung adown the dells,

And upward, high as Malvern’s cloudy crest;

Sweet tones, and caught by a noble Lady blest

5

To rapture! Mabel listened at the side

Of her loved Mistress: soon the music died,

And Catherine said, “Here I set up my rest.”

Warned in a dream, the Wanderer long had sought

A home that by such miracle of sound

10

Must be revealed:—she heard it now, or felt

The deep, deep joy of a confiding thought;

And there, a saintly Anchoress she dwelt

Till she exchanged for heaven that happy ground.

612 The Poems of William Wordsworth

To ———

[Miss not the occasion; by the forelock take

That subtile Power, the never-halting Time,

Lest a mere moment’s putting-off should make

Mischance almost as heavy as a crime.]

“Wait, prithee, wait!” this answer Lesbia threw

Forth to her Dove, and took no further heed;

Her eye was busy, while her fingers flew

Across the harp, with soul-engrossing speed;

But from that bondage when her thoughts were freed

5

She rose, and toward the close-shut casement drew,

Whence the poor unregarded Favorite, true

To old affections, had been heard to plead

With flapping wing for entrance. What a shriek

Forced from that voice so lately tuned to a strain

10

Of harmony!—a shriek of terror, pain,

And self-reproach!—for, from aloft, a Kite

Pounced, and the Dove, which from its ruthless beak

She could not rescue, perished in her sight!

Filial Piety

Untouched through all severity of cold,

Inviolate, whate’er the cottage hearth

Might need for comfort, or for festal mirth,

That Pile of Turf is half a century old:

Yes, Traveller! fifty winters have been told

5

Since suddenly the dart of death went forth

’Gainst him who raised it,—his last work on earth;

Thence by his Son more prized than aught which gold

Could purchase—watched, preserved by his own hands,

That, faithful to the Structure, still repair

10

Its waste.—Though crumbling with each breath of air,

In annual renovation thus it stands—

Rude Mausoleum! but wrens nestle there,

And red-breasts warble when sweet sounds are rare.

  Addressed to Ellen Loveday Walker.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 613

A Grave-stone upon the Floor in the Cloisters

of Worcester Cathedral

“MiserriMus!” and neither name nor date,

Prayer, text, or symbol, graven upon the stone;

Nought but that word assigned to the unknown,

That solitary word—to separate

From all, and cast a cloud around the fate

5

Of him who lies beneath. Most wretched one,

Who chose his Epitaph? Himself alone

Could thus have dared the grave to agitate,

And claim, among the dead, this awful crown;

Nor doubt that He marked also for his own,

10

Close to these cloistral steps a burial-place,

That every foot might fall with heavier tread,

Trampling upon his vileness. Stranger, pass

Softly!—To save the contrite, Jesus bled.

The Wishing-gate

In the vale of Grasmere, by the side of the high-way, leading to Ambleside,

is a gate, which, time out of mind, has been called the wishing-gate, from a

belief that wishes formed or indulged there have a favourable issue.

Hope rules a land for ever green:

All powers that serve the bright-eyed Queen

Are confident and gay;

Clouds at her bidding disappear;

Points she to aught?—the bliss draws near,

5

And Fancy smooths the way.

Not such the land of wishes—there

Dwell fruitless day-dreams, lawless prayer,

And thoughts with things at strife;

Yet how forlorn should ye depart,

10

Ye superstitions of the heart,

How poor were human life!

When magic lore abjured its might,

Ye did not forfeit one dear right,

One tender claim abate;

15

  See “The Wishing-gate Destroyed,” below, and WW’s note to that poem.

614 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Witness this symbol of your sway,

Surviving near the public way,

The rustic Wishing-gate!

Inquire not if the faery race

Shed kindly influence on the place,

20

Ere northward they retired;

If here a warrior left a spell,

Panting for glory as he fell;

Or here a saint expired.

Enough that all around is fair,

25

Composed with Nature’s finest care,

And in her fondest love;

Peace to embosom and content,

To overawe the turbulent,

The selfish to reprove.

30

Yea! even the Stranger from afar,

Reclining on this moss-grown bar,

Unknowing, and unknown,

The infection of the ground partakes,

Longing for his Belov’d—who makes

35

All happiness her own.

Then why should conscious Spirits fear

The mystic stirrings that are here,

The ancient faith disclaim?

The local Genius ne’er befriends

40

Desires whose course in folly ends,

Whose just reward is shame.

Smile if thou wilt, but not in scorn,

If some, by ceaseless pains outworn,

Here crave an easier lot;

45

If some have thirsted to renew

A broken vow, or bind a true,

With firmer, holier knot.

And not in vain, when thoughts are cast

Upon the irrevocable past,

50

Some penitent sincere

Last Poems (1820–1850) 615

May for a worthier future sigh,

While trickles from his downcast eye

No unavailing tear.

The Worldling, pining to be freed

55

From turmoil, who would turn or speed

The current of his fate,

Might stop before this favoured scene,

At Nature’s call, nor blush to lean

Upon the Wishing-gate.

60

The Sage, who feels how blind, how weak

Is man, though loth such help to seek,

Yet, passing, here might pause,

And yearn for insight to allay

Misgiving, while the crimson day

65

In quietness withdraws;

Or when the church-clock’s knell profound

To Time’s first step across the bound

Of midnight makes reply;

Time pressing on with starry crest,

70

To filial sleep upon the breast

Of dread eternity!

A Tradition of Darley Dale, Derbyshire

’Tis said that to the brow of yon fair hill

Two Brothers clomb, and, turning face from face,

Nor one look more exchanging, grief to still

Or feed, each planted on that lofty place

A chosen Tree; then, eager to fulfil

5

Their courses, like two new-born rivers, they

In opposite directions urged their way

Down from the far-seen mount. No blast might kill

Or blight that fond memorial;—the trees grew,

And now entwine their arms; but ne’er again

10

Embraced those Brothers upon earth’s wide plain;

Nor aught of mutual joy or sorrow knew

Until their spirits mingled in the sea

That to itself takes all—Eternity.

616 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“The unremitting voice of nightly streams”

The unremitting voice of nightly streams

That wastes so oft, we think, its tuneful powers,

If neither soothing to the worm that gleams

Through dewy grass, nor small birds hushed in bowers,

Nor unto silent leaves and drowsy flowers,—

5

That voice of unpretending harmony

(For who what is shall measure by what seems

To be, or not to be,

Or tax high Heaven with prodigality?)

Wants not a healing influence that can creep

10

Into the human breast, and mix with sleep

To regulate the motion of our dreams

For kindly issues—as through every clime

Was felt near murmuring brooks in earliest time;

As at this day, the rudest swains who dwell

15

Where torrents roar, or hear the tinkling knell

Of water-breaks, with grateful heart could tell.

The Gleaner (Suggested by a Picture)

That happy gleam of vernal eyes,

Those locks from summer’s golden skies,

That o’er thy brow are shed;

That cheek—a kindling of the morn,

That lip—a rose-bud from the thorn,

5

I saw;—and Fancy sped

To scenes Arcadian, whispering, through soft air,

Of bliss that grows without a care,

Of happiness that never flies—

How can it where love never dies?

10

Of promise whispering, where no blight

Can reach the innocent delight;

Where pity, to the mind conveyed

In pleasure, is the darkest shade

That Time, unwrinkled Grandsire, flings

15

From his smoothly-gliding wings.

What mortal form, what earthly face,

Inspired the pencil, lines to trace,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 617

And mingle colours, that should breed

Such rapture, nor want power to feed;

20

For had thy charge been idle flowers,

Fair Damsel, o’er my captive mind,

To truth and sober reason blind,

’Mid that soft air, those long-lost bowers,

The sweet illusion might have hung, for hours.

25

—Thanks to this tell-tale sheaf of corn,

That touchingly bespeaks thee born

Life’s daily tasks with them to share

Who, whether from their lowly bed

They rise, or rest the weary head,

30

Ponder the blessing they entreat

From Heaven, and feel what they repeat,

While they give utterance to the prayer

That asks for daily bread.

The Triad

Show me the noblest Youth of present time,

Whose trembling fancy would to love give birth;

Some God or Hero, from the Olympian clime

Returned, to seek a Consort upon earth;

Or, in no doubtful prospect, let me see

5

The brightest star of ages yet to be,

And I will mate and match him blissfully.

I will not fetch a Naiad from a flood

Pure as herself—(song lacks not mightier power)

Nor leaf-crowned Dryad from a pathless wood,

10

Nor Sea-nymph glistening from her coral bower;

Mere Mortals bodied forth in vision still,

Shall with Mount Ida’s triple lustre fill

The chaster coverts of a British hill.

“Appear!—obey my lyre’s command!

15

Come, like the Graces, hand in hand!

For ye, though not by birth allied,

1 WW identified the three young women addressed in the poem as Edith May Southey, daughter  of  Robert  Southey,  his  own  daughter  Dora,  and  Sara  Coleridge,  daughter  of Samuel T. Coleridge.

618 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Are Sisters in the bond of love;

And not the boldest tongue of envious pride

In you those interweavings could reprove

20

Which They, the progeny of Jove,

Learnt from the tuneful spheres that glide

In endless union earth and sea above.”—

—I speak in vain,—the pines have hushed their waving:

A peerless Youth expectant at my side,

25

Breathless as they, with unabated craving

Looks to the earth, and to the vacant air;

And, with a wandering eye that seems to chide,

Asks of the clouds what Occupants they hide:—

But why solicit more than sight could bear,

30

By casting on a moment all we dare?

Invoke we those bright Beings one by one,

And what was boldly promised, truly shall be done.

“Fear not this constraining measure!

Drawn by a poetic spell,

35

Lucida! from domes of pleasure,

Or from cottage-sprinkled dell,

Come to regions solitary,

Where the eagle builds her aery,

Above the hermit’s long-forsaken cell!”

40

—She comes!—behold

That Figure, like a ship with silver sail!

Nearer she draws—a breeze uplifts her veil—

Upon her coming wait

As pure a sunshine and as soft a gale

45

As e’er, on herbage covering earthly mould,

Tempted the bird of Juno to unfold

His richest splendour, when his veering gait

And every motion of his starry train

Seem governed by a strain

50

Of music, audible to him alone.—

O Lady, worthy of earth’s proudest throne!

Nor less, by excellence of nature, fit

Beside an unambitious hearth to sit

Domestic queen, where grandeur is unknown;

55

What living man could fear

Last Poems (1820–1850) 619

The worst of Fortune’s malice, wert thou near,

Humbling that lily stem, thy sceptre meek,

That its fair flowers may brush from off his cheek

The too, too happy tear?

60

——Queen and handmaid lowly!

Whose skill can speed the day with lively cares,

And banish melancholy

By all that mind invents or hand prepares;

O thou, against whose lip, without its smile,

65

And in its silence even, no heart is proof;

Whose goodness, sinking deep, would reconcile

The softest Nursling of a gorgeous palace

To the bare life beneath the hawthorn roof

Of Sherwood’s archer, or in caves of Wallace—

70

Who that hath seen thy beauty could content

His soul with but a glimpse of heavenly day?

Who that hath loved thee, but would lay

His strong hand on the wind, if it were bent

To take thee in thy Majesty away?

75

—Pass onward (even the glancing deer

Till we depart intrude not here;)

That mossy slope, o’er which the woodbine throws

A canopy, is smoothed for thy repose!”

Glad moment is it when the throng

80

Of warblers in full concert strong

Strive, and not vainly strive, to rout

The lagging shower, and force coy Phœbus out,

Met by the rainbow’s form divine,

Issuing from her cloudy shrine;—

85

So may the thrillings of the lyre

Prevail to further our desire,

While to these shades a Nymph I call,

The youngest of the lovely Three.—

“Come, if the notes thine ear may pierce;

90

Submissive to the might of verse,

By none more deeply felt than thee!”

—I sang; and lo! from pastimes virginal

She hastens to the tents

Of nature, and the lonely elements.

95

620 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Air sparkles round her with a dazzling sheen,

And mark her glowing cheek, her vesture green!

And, as if wishful to disarm

Or to repay the potent charm,

She bears the stringèd lute of old romance,

100

That cheered the trellised arbour’s privacy,

And soothed war-wearied knights in raftered hall.

How light her air! how delicate her glee!

So tripped the Muse, inventress of the dance;

So, truant in waste woods, the blithe Euphrosyne!

105

But the ringlets of that head

Why are they ungarlanded?

Why bedeck her temples less

Than the simplest shepherdess?

Is it not a brow inviting

110

Choicest flowers that ever breathed,

Which the myrtle would delight in

With Idalian rose enwreathed?

But her humility is well content

With one wild floweret (call it not forlorn)

115

flower of the winds, beneath her bosom worn;

Yet is it more for love than ornament.

Open, ye thickets! let her fly,

Swift as a Thracian Nymph o’er field and height!

For She, to all but those who love Her shy,

120

Would gladly vanish from a Stranger’s sight;

Though where she is beloved, and loves, as free

As bird that rifles blossoms on a tree,

Turning them inside out with arch audacity.

Alas! how little can a moment show

125

Of an eye where feeling plays

In ten thousand dewy rays;

A face o’er which a thousand shadows go!

—She stops—is fastened to that rivulet’s side;

And there (while, with sedater mien,

130

O’er timid waters that have scarcely left

Their birth-place in the rocky cleft

She bends) at leisure may be seen

Last Poems (1820–1850) 621

Features to old ideal grace allied,

Amid their smiles and dimples dignified—

135

Fit countenance for the soul of primal truth,

The bland composure of eternal youth!

What more changeful than the sea?

But over his great tides

Fidelity presides;

140

And this light-hearted Maiden constant is as he.—

High is her aim as heaven above,

And wide as ether her good-will,

And, like the lowly reed, her love

Can drink its nurture from the scantiest rill;

145

Insight as keen as frosty star

Is to her charity no bar,

Nor interrupts her frolic graces

When she is, far from these wild places,

Encircled by familiar faces.

150

O the charm that manners draw,

Nature, from thy genuine law!

If from what her hand would do,

Her voice would utter, there ensue

Aught untoward or unfit,

155

She, in benign affections pure,

In self-forgetfulness secure,

Sheds round the transient harm or vague mischance

A light unknown to tutored elegance:

Her’s is not a cheek shame-stricken,

160

But her blushes are joy-flushes—

And the fault (if fault it be)

Only ministers to quicken

Laughter-loving gaiety,

And kindle sportive wit—

165

Leaving this Daughter of the mountains free

As if she knew that Oberon king of Faery

Had crossed her purpose with some quaint vagary,

And heard his viewless bands

Over their mirthful triumph clapping hands.

170

“Last of the Three, though eldest born,

622 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Reveal thyself, like pensive morn,

Touched by the skylark’s earliest note,

Ere humbler gladness be afloat.

But whether in the semblance drest

175

Of dawn—or eve, fair vision of the west,

Come with each anxious hope subdued

By woman’s gentle fortitude,

Each grief, through meekness, settling into rest.

—Or I would hail thee when some high-wrought page

180

Of a closed volume lingering in thy hand

Has raised thy spirit to a peaceful stand

Among the glories of a happier age.”

—Her brow hath opened on me—see it there,

Brightening the umbrage of her hair;

185

So gleams the crescent moon, that loves

To be descried through shady groves.

—Tenderest bloom is on her cheek;

Wish not for a richer streak—

Nor dread the depth of meditative eye;

190

But let thy love, upon that azure field

Of thoughtfulness and beauty, yield

Its homage offered up in purity.—

What would’st thou more? In sunny glade

Or under leaves of thickest shade,

195

Was such a stillness e’er diffused

Since earth grew calm while angels mused?

Softly she treads, as if her foot were loth

To crush the mountain dew-drops, soon to melt

On the flower’s breast; as if she felt

200

That flowers themselves, whate’er their hue,

With all their fragrance, all their glistening,

Call to the heart for inward listening;

And though for bridal wreaths and tokens true

Welcomed wisely—though a growth

205

Which the careless shepherd sleeps on,

As fitly spring from turf the mourner weeps on,

And without wrong are cropped the marble tomb to strew.

The charm is over; the mute phantoms gone,

Nor will return—but droop not, favoured Youth;

210

Last Poems (1820–1850) 623

The apparition that before thee shone

Obeyed a summons covetous of truth.

From these wild rocks thy footsteps I will guide

To bowers in which thy fortune may be tried,

And one of the bright Three become thy happy Bride!

215

Stanzas

on

the power of sound

Argument.

The Ear addressed, as occupied by a spiritual functionary, in communion

with sounds, individual, or combined in studied harmony.—Sources and

effects of those sounds (to the close of 6th Stanza).—The power of music,

whence proceeding, exemplified in the idiot.—Origin of music, and its

effect in early ages—how produced (to the middle of 10th Stanza).—The

mind recalled to sounds acting casually and severally.—Wish uttered (11th

Stanza) that these could be united into a scheme or system for moral inter-

ests and intellectual contemplation.—(Stanza 12th.) The Pythagorean theory

of numbers and music, with their supposed power over the motions of the

universe—imaginations consonant with such a theory.—Wish expressed (in

11th Stanza) realised, in some degree, by the representation of all sounds

under the form of thanksgiving to the Creator.—(Last Stanza) the destruction

of earth and the planetary system—the survival of audible harmony, and its

support in the Divine Nature, as revealed in Holy Writ.

On the Power of Sound

1

Thy functions are etherial,

As if within thee dwelt a glancing Mind,

Organ of Vision! And a Spirit aerial

Informs the cell of hearing, dark and blind;

Intricate labyrinth, more dread for thought

5

To enter than oracular cave;

Strict passage, through which sighs are brought,

And whispers, for the heart, their slave;

And shrieks, that revel in abuse

Of shivering flesh; and warbled air,

10

624 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Whose piercing sweetness can unloose

The chains of frenzy, or entice a smile

Into the ambush of despair;

Hosannas pealing down the long-drawn aisle,

And requiems answered by the pulse that beats

15

Devoutly, in life’s last retreats!

2

The headlong Streams and Fountains

Serve Thee, Invisible Spirit, with untired powers;

Cheering the wakeful Tent on Syrian mountains,

They lull perchance ten thousand thousand flowers.

20

That roar, the prowling Lion’s Here I am,

How fearful to the desert wide!

That bleat, how tender! of the Dam

Calling a straggler to her side.

Shout, Cuckoo! let the vernal soul

25

Go with thee to the frozen zone;

Toll from thy loftiest perch, lone Bell-bird, toll!

At the still hour to Mercy dear,

Mercy from her twilight throne

Listening to Nun’s faint sob of holy fear,

30

To Sailor’s prayer breathed from a darkening sea,

Or Widow’s cottage lullaby.

3

Ye Voices, and ye Shadows,

And Images of voice—to hound and horn

From rocky steep and rock-bestudded meadows

35

Flung back, and, in the sky’s blue caves, reborn,

On with your pastime! till the church-tower bells

A greeting give of measured glee;

And milder echoes from their cells

Repeat the bridal symphony.

40

Then, or far earlier, let us rove

Where mists are breaking up or gone,

And from aloft look down into a cove

Besprinkled with a careless quire,

Happy Milk-maids, one by one

45

Last Poems (1820–1850) 625

Scattering a ditty each to her desire,

A liquid concert matchless by nice Art,

A stream as if from one full heart.

4

Blest be the song that brightens

The blind Man’s gloom, exalts the Veteran’s mirth;

50

Unscorned the Peasant’s whistling breath, that lightens

His duteous toil of furrowing the green earth.

For the tired Slave, Song lifts the languid oar,

And bids it aptly fall, with chime

That beautifies the fairest shore,

55

And mitigates the harshest clime.

Yon Pilgrims see—in lagging file

They move; but soon the appointed way

A choral Ave Marie shall beguile,

And to their hope the distant shrine

60

Glisten with a livelier ray:

Nor friendless He, the Prisoner of the Mine,

Who from the well-spring of his own clear breast

Can draw, and sing his griefs to rest.

5

When civic renovation

65

Dawns on a kingdom, and for needful haste

Best eloquence avails not, Inspiration

Mounts with a tune, that travels like a blast

Piping through cave and battlemented tower;

Then starts the Sluggard, pleased to meet

70

That voice of Freedom, in its power

Of promises, shrill, wild, and sweet!

Who, from a martial pageant, spreads

Incitements of a battle-day,

Thrilling the unweaponed crowd with plumeless heads;

75

Even She whose Lydian airs inspire

Peaceful striving, gentle play

Of timid hope and innocent desire

Shot from the dancing Graces, as they move

Fanned by the plausive wings of Love.

80

626 The Poems of William Wordsworth

6

How oft along thy mazes,

Regent of Sound, have dangerous Passions trod!

O Thou, through whom the Temple rings with praises,

And blackening clouds in thunder speak of God,

Betray not by the cozenage of sense

85

Thy Votaries, wooingly resigned

To a voluptuous influence

That taints the purer, better mind;

But lead sick Fancy to a harp

That hath in noble tasks been tried;

90

And, if the Virtuous feel a pang too sharp,

Soothe it into patience,—stay

The uplifted arm of Suicide;

And let some mood of thine in firm array

Knit every thought the impending issue needs,

95

Ere Martyr burns, or Patriot bleeds!

7

As Conscience, to the centre

Of Being, smites with irresistible pain,

So shall a solemn cadence, if it enter

The mouldy vaults of the dull Idiot’s brain,

100

Transmute him to a wretch from quiet hurled—

Convulsed as by a jarring din;

And then aghast, as at the world

Of reason partially let in

By concords winding with a sway

105

Terrible for sense and soul!

Or, awed he weeps, struggling to quell dismay.

Point not these mysteries to an Art

Lodged above the starry pole;

Pure modulations flowing from the heart

110

Of divine Love, where Wisdom, Beauty, Truth

With Order dwell, in endless youth?

8

Oblivion may not cover

All treasures hoarded by the Miser, Time.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 627

Orphean Insight! Truth’s undaunted Lover,

115

To the first leagues of tutored passion climb,

When Music deigned within this grosser sphere

Her subtle essence to enfold,

And Voice and Shell drew forth a tear

Softer than Nature’s self could mould.

120

Yet strenuous was the infant Age:

Art, daring because souls could feel,

Stirred nowhere but an urgent equipage

Of rapt imagination sped her march

Through the realms of woe and weal:

125

Hell to the lyre bowed low; the upper arch

Rejoiced that clamorous spell and magic verse

Her wan disasters could disperse.

9

The Gift to King Amphion

That walled a city with its melody

130

Was for belief no dream; thy skill, Arion!

Could humanise the creatures of the sea,

Where men were monsters. A last grace he craves,

Leave for one chant;— the dulcet sound

Steals from the deck o’er willing waves,

135

And listening Dolphins gather round.

Self-cast, as with a desperate course,

’Mid that strange audience, he bestrides

A proud One docile as a managed horse;

And singing, while the accordant hand

140

Sweeps his harp, the Master rides;

So shall he touch at length a friendly strand,

And he, with his Preserver, shine star-bright

In memory, through silent night.

10

The pipe of Pan, to Shepherds

145

Couched in the shadow of Menalian Pines,

Was passing sweet; the eyeballs of the Leopards,

That in high triumph drew the Lord of vines,

How did they sparkle to the cymbal’s clang!

628 The Poems of William Wordsworth

While Fauns and Satyrs beat the ground

150

In cadence,—and Silenus swang

This way and that, with wild-flowers crowned.

To life, to life give back thine Ear:

Ye who are longing to be rid

Of Fable, though to truth subservient, hear

155

The little sprinkling of cold earth that fell

Echoed from the coffin lid;

The Convict’s summons in the steeple knell;

“The vain distress-gun,” from a leeward shore,

Repeated—heard, and heard no more!

160

11

For terror, joy, or pity,

Vast is the compass, and the swell of notes:

From the Babe’s first cry to voice of regal City,

Rolling a solemn sea-like bass, that floats

Far as the woodlands—with the trill to blend

165

Of that shy Songstress, whose love-tale

Might tempt an Angel to descend,

While hovering o’er the moonlight vale.

O for some soul-affecting scheme

Of moral music, to unite

170

Wanderers whose portion is the faintest dream

Of memory!—O that they might stoop to bear

Chains, such precious chains of sight

As laboured minstrelsies through ages wear!

O for a balance fit the truth to tell

175

Of the Unsubstantial, pondered well!

12

By one pervading Spirit

Of tones and numbers all things are controlled,

As Sages taught, where faith was found to merit

Initiation in that mystery old.

180

The Heavens, whose aspect makes our minds as still

As they themselves appear to be,

Innumerable voices fill

With everlasting harmony;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 629

The towering Headlands, crowned with mist,

185

Their feet among the billows, know

That Ocean is a mighty harmonist;

Thy pinions, universal Air,

Ever waving to and fro,

Are delegates of harmony, and bear

190

Strains that support the Seasons in their round;

Stern Winter loves a dirge-like sound.

13

Break forth into thanksgiving,

Ye banded Instruments of wind and chords;

Unite, to magnify the Ever-living,

195

Your inarticulate notes with the voice of words!

Nor hushed be service from the lowing mead,

Nor mute the forest hum of noon;

Thou too be heard, lone Eagle! freed

From snowy peak and cloud, attune

200

Thy hungry barkings to the hymn

Of joy, that from her utmost walls

The six-days’ Work, by flaming Seraphim,

Transmits to Heaven! As Deep to Deep

Shouting through one valley calls,

205

All worlds, all natures, mood and measure keep

For praise and ceaseless gratulation, poured

Into the ear of God, their Lord!

14

A Voice to Light gave Being;

To Time, and Man his earth-born Chronicler;

210

A Voice shall finish doubt and dim foreseeing,

And sweep away life’s visionary stir;

The Trumpet (we, intoxicate with pride,

Arm at its blast for deadly wars)

To archangelic lips applied,

215

The grave shall open, quench the stars.

O Silence! are Man’s noisy years

No more than moments of thy life?

Is Harmony, blest Queen of smiles and tears,

630 The Poems of William Wordsworth

With her smooth tones and discords just,

220

Tempered into rapturous strife,

Thy destined Bond-slave? No! though Earth be dust

And vanish, though the Heavens dissolve, her stay

Is in the Word, that shall not pass away.

The Egyptian Maid;

or,

the romance of the water lily

[For the name and persons in the following poem, see the “History of the

renowned Prince Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table;” for the rest the

Author is answerable; only it may be proper to add, that the Lotus, with the

bust of the goddess appearing to rise out of the full-blown flower, was sug-

gested by the beautiful work of ancient art, once included among the Townley

Marbles, and now in the British Museum.]

While Merlin paced the Cornish sands,

Forth-looking toward the Rocks of Scilly,

The pleased Enchanter was aware

Of a bright Ship that seemed to hang in air,

Yet was she work of mortal hands,

5

And took from men her name—the water lily.

Soft was the wind, that landward blew;

And, as the Moon, o’er some dark hill ascendant,

Grows from a little edge of light

To a full orb, this Pinnace bright,

10

Became, as nearer to the Coast she drew,

More glorious, with spread sail and streaming pendant.

Upon this wingèd Shape so fair

Sage Merlin gazed with admiration:

Her lineaments, thought he, surpass

15

Aught that was ever shown in magic glass;

Was ever built with patient care;

Or, at a touch, set forth with wondrous transformation.

Now, though a Mechanist, whose skill

Shames the degenerate grasp of modern science,

20

Grave Merlin (and belike the more

Last Poems (1820–1850) 631

For practising occult and perilous lore)

Was subject to a freakish will

That sapped good thoughts, or scared them with defiance.

Provoked to envious spleen, he cast

25

An altered look upon the advancing Stranger

Whom he had hailed with joy, and cried,

“My Art shall help to tame her pride—”

Anon the breeze became a blast,

And the waves rose, and sky portended danger.

30

With thrilling word, and potent sign

Traced on the beach, his work the Sorcerer urges;

The clouds in blacker clouds are lost,

Like spiteful Fiends that vanish, crossed

By Fiends of aspect more malign;

35

And the winds roused the Deep with fiercer scourges.

But worthy of the name she bore

Was this Sea-flower, this buoyant Galley;

Supreme in loveliness and grace

Of motion, whether in the embrace

40

Of trusty anchorage, or scudding o’er

The main flood roughened into hill and valley.

Behold, how wantonly she laves

Her sides, the Wizard’s craft confounding;

Like something out of Ocean sprung

45

To be for ever fresh and young,

Breasts the sea-flashes, and huge waves

Top-gallant high, rebounding and rebounding!

But Ocean under magic heaves,

And cannot spare the Thing he cherished:

50

Ah! what avails that She was fair,

Luminous, blithe, and debonair?

The storm has stripped her of her leaves;

The Lily floats no longer!—She hath perished.

Grieve for her,—She deserves no less;

55

So like, yet so unlike, a living Creature!

No heart had she, no busy brain;

632 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Though loved, she could not love again;

Though pitied, feel her own distress;

Nor aught that troubles us, the fools of Nature.

60

Yet is there cause for gushing tears;

So richly was this Galley laden;

A fairer than Herself she bore,

And, in her struggles, cast ashore;

A lovely One, who nothing hears

65

Of wind or wave—a meek and guileless Maiden.

Into a cave had Merlin fled

From mischief, caused by spells himself had muttered;

And, while repentant all too late,

In moody posture there he sate,

70

He heard a voice, and saw, with half-raised head,

A Visitant by whom these words were uttered:

“On Christian service this frail Bark

Sailed” (hear me, Merlin!) “under high protection,

Though on her prow a sign of heathen power

75

Was carved—a Goddess with a Lily flower,

The old Egyptian’s emblematic mark

Of joy immortal and of pure affection.

“Her course was for the British strand,

Her freight it was a Damsel peerless;

80

God reigns above, and Spirits strong

May gather to avenge this wrong

Done to the Princess, and her Land

Which she in duty left, though sad not cheerless.

“And to Caerleon’s loftiest tower

85

Soon will the Knights of Arthur’s Table

A cry of lamentation send;

And all will weep who there attend,

To grace that Stranger’s bridal hour,

For whom the sea was made unnavigable.

90

“Shame! should a Child of Royal Line

Die through the blindness of thy malice:”

Thus to the Necromancer spake

Last Poems (1820–1850) 633

Nina, the Lady of the Lake,

A gentle Sorceress, and benign,

95

Who ne’er embittered any good man’s chalice.

“What boots,” continued she, “to mourn?

To expiate thy sin endeavour!

From the bleak isle where she is laid,

Fetched by our art, the Egyptian Maid

100

May yet to Arthur’s court be borne

Cold as she is, ere life be fled for ever.

“My pearly Boat, a shining Light,

That brought me down that sunless river,

Will bear me on from wave to wave,

105

And back with her to this sea-cave;

Then Merlin! for a rapid flight

Through air to thee my charge will I deliver.

“The very swiftest of thy Cars

Must, when my part is done, be ready;

110

Meanwhile, for further guidance, look

Into thy own prophetic book;

And, if that fail, consult the Stars

To learn thy course; farewell! be prompt and steady.”

This scarcely spoken, she again

115

Was seated in her gleaming Shallop,

That, o’er the yet-distempered Deep,

Pursued its way with bird-like sweep,

Or like a steed, without a rein,

Urged o’er the wilderness in sportive gallop.

120

Soon did the gentle Nina reach

That Isle without a house or haven;

Landing, she found not what she sought,

Nor saw of wreck or ruin aught

But a carved Lotus cast upon the shore

125

By the fierce waves, a flower in marble graven.

Sad relique, but how fair the while!

For gently each from each retreating

With backward curve, the leaves revealed

634 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The bosom half, and half concealed,

130

Of a Divinity, that seemed to smile

On Nina as she passed, with hopeful greeting.

No quest was hers of vague desire,

Of tortured hope and purpose shaken;

Following the margin of a bay,

135

She spied the lonely Cast-away,

Unmarred, unstripped of her attire,

But with closed eyes,—of breath and bloom forsaken.

Then Nina, stooping down, embraced,

With tenderness and mild emotion,

140

The Damsel, in that trance embound;

And, while she raised her from the ground,

And in the pearly shallop placed,

Sleep fell upon the air, and stilled the ocean.

The turmoil hushed, celestial springs

145

Of music opened, and there came a blending

Of fragrance, underived from earth,

With gleams that owed not to the Sun their birth,

And that soft rustling of invisible wings

Which Angels make, on works of love descending.

150

And Nina heard a sweeter voice

Than if the Goddess of the Flower had spoken:

“Thou hast achieved, fair Dame! what none

Less pure in spirit could have done;

Go, in thy enterprise rejoice!

155

Air, earth, sea, sky, and heaven, success betoken.”

So cheered she left that Island bleak,

A bare rock of the Scilly cluster;

And, as they traversed the smooth brine,

The self-illumined Brigantine

160

Shed, on the Slumberer’s cold wan cheek

And pallid brow, a melancholy lustre.

Fleet was their course, and when they came

To the dim cavern, whence the river

Issued into the salt-sea flood,

165

Last Poems (1820–1850) 635

Merlin, as fixed in thought he stood,

Was thus accosted by the Dame:

“Behold to thee my Charge I now deliver!

“But where attends thy chariot—where?”

Quoth Merlin, “Even as I was bidden,

170

So have I done; as trusty as thy barge

My vehicle shall prove—O precious Charge!

If this be sleep, how soft! if death, how fair!

Much have my books disclosed, but the end is hidden.”

He spake, and gliding into view

175

Forth from the grotto’s dimmest chamber

Came two mute Swans, whose plumes of dusky white

Changed, as the pair approached the light,

Drawing an ebon car, their hue

(Like clouds of sunset) into lucid amber.

180

Once more did gentle Nina lift

The Princess, passive to all changes:

The car received her; then up-went

Into the ethereal element

The Birds with progress smooth and swift

185

As thought, when through bright regions memory ranges.

Sage Merlin, at the Slumberer’s side,

Instructs the Swans their way to measure;

And soon Caerleon’s towers appeared,

And notes of minstrelsy were heard

190

From rich pavilions spreading wide,

For some high day of long-expected pleasure.

Awe-stricken stood both Knights and Dames

Ere on firm ground the car alighted;

Eftsoons astonishment was past,

195

For in that face they saw the last

Last lingering look of clay, that tames

All pride, by which all happiness is blighted.

Said Merlin, “Mighty King, fair Lords,

Away with feast and tilt and tourney!

200

Ye saw, throughout this Royal House,

636 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Ye heard, a rocking marvellous

Of turrets, and a clash of swords

Self-shaken, as I closed my airy journey.

“Lo! by a destiny well known

205

To mortals, joy is turned to sorrow;

This is the wished-for Bride, the Maid

Of Egypt, from a rock conveyed

Where she by shipwreck had been thrown;

Ill sight! but grief may vanish ere the morrow.”

210

“Though vast thy power, thy words are weak,”

Exclaimed the King, “a mockery hateful;

Dutiful Child! her lot how hard!

Is this her piety’s reward?

Those watery locks, that bloodless cheek!

215

O winds without remorse! O shore ungrateful!

“Rich robes are fretted by the moth;

Towers, temples, fall by stroke of thunder;

Will that, or deeper thoughts, abate

A Father’s sorrow for her fate?

220

He will repent him of his troth;

His brain will burn, his stout heart split asunder.

“Alas! and I have caused this woe;

For, when my prowess from invading Neighbours

Had freed his Realm, he plighted word

225

That he would turn to Christ our Lord,

And his dear Daughter on a Knight bestow

Whom I should choose for love and matchless labours.

“Her birth was heathen, but a fence

Of holy Angels round her hovered;

230

A Lady added to my court

So fair, of such divine report

And worship, seemed a recompence

For fifty kingdoms by my sword recovered.

“Ask not for whom, O champions true!

235

She was reserved by me her life’s betrayer;

She who was meant to be a bride

Last Poems (1820–1850) 637

Is now a corse; then put aside

Vain thoughts, and speed ye, with observance due

Of Christian rites, in Christian ground to lay her.”

240

“The tomb,” said Merlin, “may not close

Upon her yet, earth hide her beauty;

Not froward to thy sovereign will

Esteem me, Liege! if I, whose skill

Wafted her hither, interpose

245

To check this pious haste of erring duty.

“My books command me to lay bare

The secret thou art bent on keeping;

Here must a high attest be given,

What Bridegroom was for her ordained by Heaven;

250

And in my glass significants there are

Of things that may to gladness turn this weeping.

“For this, approaching, One by One,

Thy Knights must touch the cold hand of the Virgin;

So, for the favoured One, the Flower may bloom

255

Once more; but, if unchangeable her doom,

If life departed be for ever gone,

Some blest assurance, from this cloud emerging,

May teach him to bewail his loss;

Not with a grief that, like a vapour, rises

260

And melts; but grief devout that shall endure,

And a perpetual growth secure

Of purposes which no false thought shall cross,

A harvest of high hopes and noble enterprises.”

“So be it,” said the King;—”anon,

265

Here, where the Princess lies, begin the trial;

Knights each in order as ye stand

Step forth.”—To touch the pallid hand

Sir Agravaine advanced; no sign he won

From Heaven or Earth;—Sir Kaye had like denial.

270

Abashed, Sir Dinas turned away;

Even for Sir Percival was no disclosure;

Though he, devoutest of all Champions, ere

638 The Poems of William Wordsworth

He reached that ebon car, the bier

Whereon diffused like snow the Damsel lay,

275

Full thrice had crossed himself in meek composure.

Imagine (but ye Saints! who can?)

How in still air the balance trembled;

The wishes, peradventure the despites

That overcame some not ungenerous Knights;

280

And all the thoughts that lengthened out a span

Of time to Lords and Ladies thus assembled.

What patient confidence was here!

And there how many bosoms panted!

While drawing toward the Car Sir Gawaine, mailed

285

For tournament, his Beaver vailed,

And softly touched; but, to his princely cheer

And high expectancy, no sign was granted.

Next, disencumbered of his harp,

Sir Tristram, dear to thousands as a brother,

290

Came to proof, nor grieved that there ensued

No change;—the fair Izonda he had wooed

With love too true, a love with pangs too sharp,

From hope too distant, not to dread another.

Not so Sir Launcelot;—from Heaven’s grace

295

A sign he craved, tired slave of vain contrition;

The royal Guinever looked passing glad

When his touch failed.—Next came Sir Galahad;

He paused, and stood entranced by that still face

Whose features he had seen in noontide vision.

300

For late, as near a murmuring stream

He rested ’mid an arbour green and shady,

Nina, the good Enchantress, shed

A light around his mossy bed;

And, at her call, a waking dream

305

Prefigured to his sense the Egyptian Lady.

Now, while his bright-haired front he bowed,

And stood, far-kenned by mantle furred with ermine,

As o’er the insensate Body hung

Last Poems (1820–1850) 639

The enrapt, the beautiful, the young,

310

Belief sank deep into the crowd

That he the solemn issue would determine.

Nor deem it strange; the Youth had worn

That very mantle on a day of glory,

The day when he achieved that matchless feat,

315

The marvel of the perilous seat,

Which whosoe’er approached of strength was shorn,

Though King or Knight the most renowned in story.

He touched with hesitating hand,

And lo! those Birds, far-famed through Love’s dominions,

320

The Swans, in triumph clap their wings;

And their necks play, involved in rings,

Like sinless snakes in Eden’s happy land;—

“Mine is she,” cried the Knight;—again they clapped their pinions.

“Mine was she—mine she is, though dead,

325

And to her name my soul shall cleave in sorrow;”

Whereat, a tender twilight streak

Of colour dawned upon the Damsel’s cheek;

And her lips, quickening with uncertain red,

Seemed from each other a faint warmth to borrow.

330

Deep was the awe, the rapture high,

Of love emboldened, hope with dread entwining,

When, to the mouth, relenting Death

Allowed a soft and flower-like breath,

Precursor to a timid sigh,

335

To lifted eyelids, and a doubtful shining.

In silence did King Arthur gaze

Upon the signs that pass away or tarry;

In silence watched the gentle strife

Of Nature leading back to life;

340

Then eased his Soul at length by praise

Of God, and Heaven’s pure Queen—the blissful Mary.

Then said he, “Take her to thy heart

Sir Galahad! a treasure that God giveth,

Bound by indissoluble ties to thee

345

640 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Through mortal change and immortality;

Be happy and unenvied, thou who art

A goodly Knight that hath no Peer that liveth!”

Not long the Nuptials were delayed;

And sage tradition still rehearses

350

The pomp the glory of that hour

When toward the Altar from her bower

King Arthur led the Egyptian Maid,

And Angels carolled these far-echoed verses;—

Who shrinks not from alliance

355

Of evil with good Powers,

To God proclaims defiance,

And mocks whom he adores.

A Ship to Christ devoted

From the Land of Nile did go;

360

Alas! the bright Ship floated,

An Idol at her Prow.

By magic domination,

The Heaven-permitted vent

Of purblind mortal passion,

365

Was wrought her punishment.

The Flower, the Form within it,

What served they in her need?

Her port she could not win it,

Nor from mishap be freed.

370

The tempest overcame her,

And she was seen no more;

But gently gently blame her,

She cast a Pearl ashore.

The Maid to Jesu hearkened,

375

And kept to him her faith,

Till sense in death was darkened,

Or sleep akin to death.

But Angels round her pillow

Last Poems (1820–1850) 641

Kept watch, a viewless band;

380

And, billow favouring billow,

She reached the destined strand.

Blest Pair! whate’er befall you,

Your faith in Him approve

Who from frail earth can call you,

385

To bowers of endless love!

A Jewish Family

(in a small valley opposite st. goar, upon the rhine)

Genius of Raphael! if thy wings

Might bear thee to this glen,

With faithful memory left of things

To pencil dear and pen,

Thou wouldst forego the neighbouring Rhine,

5

And all his majesty,

A studious forehead to incline

O’er this poor family.

The Mother––her thou must have seen,

In spirit, ere she came

10

To dwell these rifted rocks between,

Or found on earth a name;

An image, too, of that sweet Boy,

Thy inspirations give:

Of playfulness, and love, and joy,

15

Predestined here to live.

Downcast, or shooting glances far,

How beautiful his eyes,

That blend the nature of the star

With that of summer skies!

20

I speak as if of sense beguiled;

Uncounted months are gone,

Yet am I with the Jewish Child,

That exquisite Saint John.

I see the dark brown curls, the brow,

25

The smooth transparent skin,

642 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Refined, as with intent to show

The holiness within;

The grace of parting Infancy

By blushes yet untamed;

30

Age faithful to the mother’s knee,

Nor of her arms ashamed.

Two lovely Sisters, still and sweet

As flowers, stand side by side;

Their soul–subduing looks might cheat

35

The Christian of his pride:

Such beauty hath the Eternal poured

Upon them not forlorn,

Though of a lineage once abhorred,

Nor yet redeemed from scorn.

40

Mysterious safeguard, that, in spite

Of poverty and wrong,

Doth here preserve a living light,

From Hebrew fountains sprung;

That gives this ragged group to cast

45

Around the dell a gleam

Of Palestine, of glory past,

And proud Jerusalem!

The Poet and the Caged Turtledove

As often as I murmur here

My half-formed melodies,

Straight from her osier mansion near,

The Turtledove replies:

Though silent as a leaf before,

5

The captive promptly coos;

Is it to teach her own soft lore,

Or second my weak Muse?

I rather think, the gentle Dove

Is murmuring a reproof,

10

Displeased that I from lays of love

Have dared to keep aloof;

That I, a Bard of hill and dale,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 643

Have caroll’d, fancy free,

As if nor dove, nor nightingale,

15

Had heart or voice for me.

If such thy meaning, O forbear,

Sweet Bird! to do me wrong;

Love, blessed Love, is every where

The spirit of my song:

20

’Mid grove, and by the calm fireside,

Love animates my lyre;

That coo again!—’tis not to chide,

I feel, but to inspire.

Written in Mrs. Field’s Album

Opposite a Pen-and-ink Sketch in the Manner of

a Rembrandt Etching done by Edmund Field

That gloomy cave, that gothic nich,

Those trees that forward lean

As if enamoured of the brook—

How soothing is the scene!

No witchery of inky words

5

Can such illusions yield;

Yet all (ye Landscape Poets blush!)

Was penned by Edmund Field.

The Russian Fugitive

[Peter Henry Bruce, having given in his entertaining Memoirs the substance

of the following Tale, affirms, that, besides the concurring reports of others,

he had the story from the Lady’s own mouth.

The Lady Catherine, mentioned towards the close, was the famous Catherine,

then bearing that name as the acknowledged Wife of Peter the Great.]

The Russian Fugitive

part i

1

Enough of rose-bud lips, and eyes

Like harebells bathed in dew,

Of cheek that with carnation vies,

644 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And veins of violet hue;

Earth wants not beauty that may scorn

5

A likening to frail flowers;

Yea, to the stars, if they were born

For seasons and for hours.

2

Through Moscow’s gates, with gold unbarred,

Stepped one at dead of night,

10

Whom such high beauty could not guard

From meditated blight;

By stealth she passed, and fled as fast

As doth the hunted fawn,

Nor stopped, till in the dappling east

15

Appeared unwelcome dawn.

3

Seven days she lurked in brake and field,

Seven nights her course renewed,

Sustained by what her scrip might yield,

Or berries of the wood;

20

At length, in darkness travelling on,

When lowly doors were shut,

The haven of her hope she won,

Her Foster-mother’s hut.

4

“To put your love to dangerous proof

25

I come,” said she, “from far;

For I have left my Father’s roof,

In terror of the Czar.”

No answer did the Matron give,

No second look she cast;

30

She hung upon the Fugitive,

Embracing and embraced.

5

She led her Lady to a seat

Beside the glimmering fire,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 645

Bathed duteously her wayworn feet,

35

Prevented each desire:

The cricket chirped, the house-dog dozed,

And on that simple bed,

Where she in childhood had reposed,

Now rests her weary head.

40

6

When she, whose couch had been the sod,

Whose curtain pine or thorn,

Had breathed a sigh of thanks to God,

Who comforts the forlorn;

While over her the Matron bent

45

Sleep sealed her eyes, and stole

Feeling from limbs with travel spent,

And trouble from the soul.

7

Refreshed, the Wanderer rose at morn,

And soon again was dight

50

In those unworthy vestments worn

Through long and perilous flight;

And “O beloved Nurse,” she said,

“My thanks with silent tears

Have unto Heaven and You been paid:

55

Now listen to my fears!

8

“Have you forgot”—and here she smiled—

“The babbling flatteries

You lavished on me when a child

Disporting round your knees?

60

I was your lambkin, and your bird,

Your star, your gem, your flower;

Light words, that were more lightly heard

In many a cloudless hour!

9

“The blossom you so fondly praised

65

646 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Is come to bitter fruit;

A mighty One upon me gazed;

I spurned his lawless suit,

And must be hidden from his wrath:

You, Foster-father dear,

70

Will guide me in my forward path;

I may not tarry here!

10

“I cannot bring to utter woe

Your proved fidelity.”—

“Dear Child, sweet Mistress, say not so!

75

For you we both would die.”

“Nay, nay, I come with semblance feigned

And cheek embrowned by art;

Yet, being inwardly unstained,

With courage will depart.”

80

11

“But whither would you, could you, flee?

A poor Man’s counsel take;

The Holy Virgin gives to me

A thought for your dear sake;

Rest shielded by our Lady’s grace;

85

And soon shall you be led

Forth to a safe abiding-place,

Where never foot doth tread.”

The Russian Fugitive

part ii

1

The Dwelling of this faithful pair

In a straggling village stood,

90

For One who breathed unquiet air

A dangerous neighbourhood;

But wide around lay forest ground

With thickets rough and blind;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 647

And pine-trees made a heavy shade

95

Impervious to the wind.

2

And there, sequestered from the sight,

Was spread a treacherous swamp,

On which the noonday sun shed light

As from a lonely lamp;

100

And midway in the unsafe morass,

A single Island rose

Of firm dry ground, with healthful grass

Adorned, and shady boughs.

3

The Woodman knew, for such the craft

105

This Russian Vassal plied,

That never fowler’s gun, nor shaft

Of archer, there was tried;

A sanctuary seemed the spot

From all intrusion free;

110

And there he planned an artful Cot

For perfect secrecy.

4

With earnest pains unchecked by dread

Of Power’s far-stretching hand,

The bold good Man his labour sped

115

At nature’s pure command;

Heart-soothed, and busy as a wren,

While, in a hollow nook,

She moulds her sight-eluding den

Above a murmuring brook.

120

5

His task accomplished to his mind,

The twain ere break of day

Creep forth, and through the forest wind

Their solitary way;

Few words they speak, nor dare to slack

125

648 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Their pace from mile to mile,

Till they have crossed the quaking marsh,

And reached the lonely Isle.

6

The sun above the pine-trees showed

A bright and cheerful face;

130

And Ina looked for her abode,

The promised hiding-place;

She sought in vain, the Woodman smiled;

No threshold could be seen,

Nor roof, nor window; all seemed wild

135

As it had ever been.

7

Advancing, you might guess an hour,

The front with such nice care

Is masked, “if house it be or bower,”

But in they entered are;

140

As shaggy as were wall and roof

With branches intertwined,

So smooth was all within, air-proof,

And delicately lined.

8

And hearth was there, and maple dish,

145

And cups in seemly rows,

And couch—all ready to a wish

For nurture or repose;

And Heaven doth to her virtue grant

That here she may abide

150

In solitude, with every want

By cautious love supplied.

9

No Queen, before a shouting crowd,

Led on in bridal state,

E’er struggled with a heart so proud,

155

Entering her palace gate;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 649

Rejoiced to bid the world farewell,

No saintly Anchoress

E’er took possession of her cell

With deeper thankfulness.

160

10

“Father of all, upon thy care

And mercy am I thrown;

Be thou my safeguard!”—such her prayer

When she was left alone,

Kneeling amid the wilderness

165

When joy had passed away,

And smiles, fond efforts of distress

To hide what they betray!

11

The prayer is heard, the Saints have seen,

Diffused through form and face,

170

Resolves devotedly serene;

That monumental grace

Of Faith, which doth all passions tame

That Reason should control;

And shows in the untrembling frame

175

A statue of the soul.

The Russian Fugitive

part iii

1

’Tis sung in ancient minstrelsy

That Phœbus wont to wear

“The leaves of any pleasant tree

Around his golden hair,”

180

Till Daphne, desperate with pursuit

Of his imperious love,

At her own prayer transformed, took root,

A laurel in the grove.

  “From  Golding’s Translation  of  Ovid’s  Metamorphoses.  See  also  his  Dedicatory  Epistle prefixed to the same work.” WW refers to Arthur Golding’s translation, first published in

565.

650 The Poems of William Wordsworth

2

Then did the Penitent adorn

185

His brow with laurel green;

And ’mid his bright locks never shorn

No meaner leaf was seen;

And Poets sage, through every age,

About their temples wound

190

The bay; and Conquerors thanked the Gods,

With laurel chaplets crowned.

3

Into the mists of fabling Time

So far runs back the praise

Of Beauty, that disdains to climb

195

Along forbidden ways;

That scorns temptation; power defies

Where mutual love is not;

And to the tomb for rescue flies

When life would be a blot.

200

4

To this fair Votaress, a fate

More mild doth Heaven ordain

Upon her Island desolate;

And words, not breathed in vain,

Might tell what intercourse she found,

205

Her silence to endear;

What birds she tamed, what flowers the ground

Sent forth her peace to cheer.

5

To one mute Presence, above all,

Her soothed affections clung,

210

A picture on the Cabin wall

By Russian usage hung—

The Mother-maid, whose countenance bright

With love abridged the day;

And, communed with by taper light,

215

Chased spectral fears away.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 651

6

And oft, as either Guardian came,

The joy in that retreat

Might any common friendship shame,

So high their hearts would beat;

220

And to the lone Recluse, whate’er

They brought, each visiting

Was like the crowding of the year

With a new burst of spring.

7

But, when she of her Parents thought,

225

The pang was hard to bear;

And, if with all things not enwrought,

That trouble still is near.

Before her flight she had not dared

Their constancy to prove,

230

Too much the heroic Daughter feared

The weakness of their love.

8

Dark is the Past to them, and dark

The Future still must be,

Till pitying Saints conduct her bark

235

Into a safer sea—

Or gentle Nature close her eyes,

And set her Spirit free

From the altar of this sacrifice,

In vestal purity.

240

9

Yet, when above the forest-glooms

The white swans southward passed,

High as the pitch of their swift plumes

Her fancy rode the blast;

And bore her tow’rd the fields of France,

245

Her Father’s native land,

To mingle in the rustic dance,

The happiest of the band!

652 The Poems of William Wordsworth

10

Of those belovèd fields she oft

Had heard her Father tell

250

In phrase that now with echoes soft

Haunted her lonely Cell;

She saw the hereditary bowers,

She heard the ancestral stream;

The Kremlin and its haughty towers

255

Forgotten like a dream!

The Russian Fugitive

part iv

1

The ever-changing Moon had traced

Twelve times her monthly round,

When through the unfrequented Waste

Was heard a startling sound;

260

A shout thrice sent from one who chased

At speed a wounded Deer,

Bounding through branches interlaced,

And where the wood was clear.

2

The fainting Creature took the marsh,

265

And toward the Island fled,

While plovers screamed with tumult harsh

Above his antlered head;

This, Ina saw; and, pale with fear,

Shrunk to her citadel;

270

The desperate Deer rushed on, and near

The tangled covert fell.

3

Across the marsh, the game in view,

The Hunter followed fast,

Nor paused, till o’er the Stag he blew

275

A death-proclaiming blast;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 653

Then, resting on her upright mind,

Came forth the Maid—”In me

Behold,” she said, “a stricken Hind

Pursued by destiny!

280

4

“From your deportment, Sir! I deem

That you have worn a sword,

And will not hold in light esteem

A suffering woman’s word;

There is my covert, there perchance

285

I might have lain concealed,

My fortunes hid, my countenance

Not even to you revealed.

5

“Tears might be shed, and I might pray,

Crouching and terrified,

290

That what has been unveiled to day,

You would in mystery hide;

But I will not defile with dust

The knee that bends to adore

The God in heaven;—attend, be just:

295

This ask I, and no more!

6

“I speak not of the winter’s cold,

For summer’s heat exchanged,

While I have lodged in this rough hold,

From social life estranged;

300

Nor yet of trouble and alarms:

High Heaven is my defence;

And every season has soft arms

For injured Innocence.

7

“From Moscow to the Wilderness

305

It was my choice to come,

Lest virtue should be harbourless,

654 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And honour want a home;

And happy were I, if the Czar

Retain his lawless will,

310

To end life here like this poor Deer,

Or a Lamb on a green hill.”

8

“Are you the Maid,” the Stranger cried,

“From Gallic Parents sprung,

Whose vanishing was rumoured wide,

315

Sad theme for every tongue;

Who foiled an Emperor’s eager quest?

You, Lady, forced to wear

These rude habiliments, and rest

Your head in this dark lair!”

320

9

But wonder, pity, soon were quelled;

And in her face and mien

The soul’s pure brightness he beheld

Without a veil between:

He loved, he hoped,—a holy flame

325

Kindled ’mid rapturous tears;

The passion of a moment came

As on the wings of years.

10

“Such bounty is no gift of chance,”

Exclaimed he; “righteous Heaven,

330

Preparing your deliverance,

To me the charge hath given.

The Czar full oft in words and deeds

Is stormy and self-willed;

But, when the Lady Catherine pleads,

335

His violence is stilled.

11

“Leave open to my wish the course,

And I to her will go;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 655

From that humane and heavenly source,

Good, only good, can flow.”

340

Faint sanction given, the Cavalier

Was eager to depart,

Though question followed question, dear

To the Maiden’s filial heart.

12

Light was his step,—his hopes, more light,

345

Kept pace with his desires;

And the third morning gave him sight

Of Moscow’s glittering spires.

He sued:—heart-smitten by the wrong,

To the lorn Fugitive

350

The Emperor sent a pledge as strong

As sovereign power could give.

13

O more than mighty change! If e’er

Amazement rose to pain,

And over-joy produced a fear

355

Of something void and vain,

’Twas when the Parents, who had mourned

So long the lost as dead,

Beheld their only Child returned,

The household floor to tread.

360

14

Soon gratitude gave way to love

Within the Maiden’s breast:

Delivered and Deliverer move

In bridal garments drest;

Meek Catherine had her own reward;

365

The Czar bestowed a dower;

And universal Moscow shared

The triumph of that hour.

15

Flowers strewed the ground; the nuptial feast

656 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Was held with costly state;

370

And there, ’mid many a noble Guest,

The Foster-parents sate;

Encouraged by the imperial eye,

They shrank not into shade;

Great was their bliss, the honour high

375

To them and nature paid!

The Primrose of the Rock

A Rock there is whose homely front

The passing Traveller slights;

Yet there the Glow-worms hang their lamps,

Like stars, at various heights;

And one coy Primrose to that Rock

5

The vernal breeze invites.

What hideous warfare hath been waged,

What kingdoms overthrown,

Since first I spied that Primrose-tuft

And marked it for my own;

10

A lasting link in Nature’s chain

From highest Heaven let down!

The Flowers, still faithful to the stems,

Their fellowship renew;

The stems are faithful to the root,

15

That worketh out of view;

And to the rock the root adheres

In every fibre true.

Close clings to earth the living rock,

Though threatening still to fall;

20

The earth is constant to her sphere;

And God upholds them all:

So blooms this lonely Plant, nor dreads

Her annual funeral.



* * * * *

Here closed the meditative Strain;

25

But air breathed soft that day,

The hoary mountain-heights were cheered,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 657

The sunny vale looked gay;

And to the Primrose of the Rock

I gave this after-lay.

30

I sang, Let myraids of bright flowers,

Like Thee, in field and grove

Revive unenvied,—mightier far

Than tremblings that reprove

Our vernal tendencies to hope

35

Is God’s redeeming love:

That love which changed, for wan disease,

For sorrow that had bent

O’er hopeless dust, for withered age,

Their moral element,

40

And turned the thistles of a curse

To types beneficent.

Sin-blighted though we are, we too,

The reasoning Sons of Men,

From one oblivious winter called

45

Shall rise, and breathe again;

And in eternal summer lose

Our threescore years and ten.

To humbleness of heart descends

This prescience from on high,

50

The faith that elevates the Just,

Before and when they die;

And makes each soul a separate heaven,

A court for Deity.

The Armenian Lady’s Love

[The subject of the following poem is from the Orlandus of the author’s

friend, Kenelm Henry Digby; and the liberty is taken of inscribing it to

him as an acknowledgment, however unworthy, of pleasure and instruction

derived from his numerous and valuable writings, illustrative of the piety and

chivalry of the olden time.]

  Author of  The Broad Stone of Honour: The True Sense and Practice of Chilvary (London,

826, 828,829)

658 The Poems of William Wordsworth

1

You have heard “a Spanish Lady

How she wooed an English Man;”

Hear now of a fair Armenian,

Daughter of the proud Soldàn;

How she loved a Christian Slave, and told her pain

5

By word, look, deed, with hope that he might love again.

2

“Pluck that rose, it moves my liking,”

Said she, lifting up her veil;

“Pluck it for me, gentle Gardener,

Ere it wither and grow pale.”

10

“Princess fair, I till the ground, but may not take

From twig or bed an humbler flower, even for your sake.”

3

“Grieved am I, submissive Christian!

To behold thy captive state;

Women, in your land, may pity

15

(May they not?) the unfortunate.”

“Yes, kind Lady! otherwise Man could not bear

Life, which to every one that breathes is full of care.”

4

“Worse than idle is compassion

If it end in tears and sighs;

20

Thee from bondage would I rescue

And from vile indignities;

Nurtured, as thy mien bespeaks, in high degree,

Look up—and help a hand that longs to set thee free.”

5

“Lady, dread the wish, nor venture

25

In such peril to engage;

Think how it would stir against you

1 “See, in Percy’s Reliques, that fine old ballad, ‘The Spanish Lady’s Love;’ from which Poem the  form  of  stanza,  as  suitable  to  dialogue,  is  adopted.”  WW  refers  to Thomas  Percy, Reliques of Ancient English Poetry (London, 765).

Last Poems (1820–1850) 659

Your most loving Father’s rage:

Sad deliverance would it be, and yoked with shame,

Should troubles overflow on her from whom it came.”

30

6

“Generous Frank! the just in effort

Are of inward peace secure;

Hardships for the brave encountered,

Even the feeblest may endure:

If Almighty Grace through me thy chains unbind,

35

My Father for slave’s work may seek a slave in mind.”

7

“Princess, at this burst of goodness,

My long-frozen heart grows warm!”

“Yet you make all courage fruitless,

Me to save from chance of harm:

40

Leading such Companion I that gilded Dome,

Yon Minarets, would gladly leave for his worst home.”

8

“Feeling tunes your voice, fair Princess!

And your brow is free from scorn,

Else these words would come like mockery,

45

Sharper than the pointed thorn.”

“Whence the undeserved mistrust? Too wide apart

Our faith hath been,—O would that eyes could see the heart!”

9

“Tempt me not, I pray; my doom is

These base implements to wield;

50

Rusty Lance, I ne’er shall grasp thee,

Ne’er assoil my cobwebb’d shield!

Never see my native land, nor castle towers,

Nor Her who thinking of me there counts widowed hours.”

10

“Prisoner! pardon youthful fancies;

55

Wedded? If you can, say no!—

660 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Blessed is and be your Consort;

Hopes I cherished let them go!

Handmaid’s privilege would leave my purpose free,

Without another link to my felicity.”

60

11

“Wedded love with loyal Christians,

Lady, is a mystery rare;

Body, heart, and soul in union,

Make one being of a pair.”

“Humble love in me would look for no return,

65

Soft as a guiding star that cheers, but cannot burn.”

12

“Gracious Allah! by such title

Do I dare to thank the God,

Him who thus exalts thy spirit,

Flower of an unchristian sod!

70

Or hast thou put off wings which thou in heaven dost wear?

What have I seen, and heard, or dreamt? where am I? where?”

13

Here broke off the dangerous converse:

Less impassioned words might tell

How the Pair escaped together,

75

Tears not wanting, nor a knell

Of sorrow in her heart while through her Father’s door,

And from her narrow world, she passed for evermore.

14

But affections higher, holier,

Urged her steps; she shrunk from trust

80

In a sensual creed that trampled

Woman’s birthright into dust.

Little be the wonder then, the blame be none,

If she, a timid Maid, hath put such boldness on.

15

Judge both Fugitives with knowledge:

85

Last Poems (1820–1850) 661

In those old romantic days

Mighty were the soul’s commandments

To support, restrain, or raise.

Foes might hang upon their path, snakes rustle near,

But nothing from their inward selves had they to fear.

90

16

Thought infirm ne’er came between them,

Whether printing desert sands

With accordant steps, or gathering

Forest-fruit with social hands;

Or whispering like two reeds that in the cold moonbeam

95

Bend with the breeze their heads, beside a crystal stream.

17

On a friendly deck reposing

They at length for Venice steer;

There, when they had closed their voyage,

One, who daily on the Pier

100

Watched for tidings from the East, beheld his Lord,

Fell down and clasped his knees for joy, not uttering word.

18

Mutual was the sudden transport;

Breathless questions followed fast,

Years contracting to a moment,

105

Each word greedier than the last;

“Hie thee to the Countess, Friend! return with speed,

And of this Stranger speak by whom her Lord was freed.

19

“Say that I, who might have languished,

Drooped and pined till life was spent,

110

Now before the gates of Stolberg

My Deliverer would present

For a crowning recompence, the precious grace

Of her who in my heart still holds her ancient place.

20

“Make it known that my Companion

115

662 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Is of royal Eastern blood,

Thirsting after all perfection,

Innocent, and meek, and good,

Though with misbelievers bred; but that dark night

Will Holy Church disperse by beams of Gospel Light.”

120

21

Swiftly went that grey-haired Servant,

Soon returned a trusty Page

Charged with greetings, benedictions,

Thanks and praises, each a gage

For a sunny thought to cheer the Stranger’s way,

125

Her virtuous scruples to remove, her fears allay.

22

Fancy (while, to banners floating

High on Stolberg’s Castle walls,

Deafening noise of welcome mounted,

Trumpets, Drums, and Atabals,)

130

The devout embraces still, while such tears fell

As made a meeting seem most like a dear farewell.

23

Through a haze of human nature,

Glorified by heavenly light,

Looked the beautiful Deliverer

135

On that overpowering sight,

While across her virgin cheek pure blushes strayed,

For every tender sacrifice her heart had made.

24

On the ground the weeping Countess

Knelt, and kissed the Stranger’s hand;

140

Act of soul-devoted homage,

Pledge of an eternal band:

Nor did aught of future days that kiss belie,

Which, with a generous shout, the crowd did ratify.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 663

25

Constant to the fair Armenian,

145

Gentle pleasures round her moved,

Like a tutelary Spirit

Reverenced, like a Sister, loved.

Christian meekness smoothed for all the path of life,

Who, loving most, should wiseliest love, their only strife.

150

26

Mute Memento of that union

In a Saxon Church survives,

Where a cross-legged Knight lies sculptured

As between two wedded Wives—

Figures with armorial signs of race and birth,

155

And the vain rank the Pilgrims bore while yet on earth.

Rural Illusions

1

Sylph was it? or a Bird more bright

Than those of fabulous stock?

A second darted by;—and lo!

Another of the flock,

Through sunshine flitting from the bough

5

To nestle in the rock.

Transient deception! a gay freak

Of April’s mimicries!

Those brilliant Strangers, hailed with joy

Among the budding trees,

10

Proved last year’s leaves, pushed from the spray

To frolic on the breeze.

2

Maternal Flora! show thy face,

And let thy hand be seen

Which sprinkles here these tiny flowers,

15

That, as they touch the green,

Take root (so seems it) and look up

664 The Poems of William Wordsworth

In honour of their Queen.

Yet, sooth, those little starry specks,

That not in vain aspired

20

To be confounded with live growths,

Most dainty, most admired,

Were only blossoms dropped from twigs

Of their own offspring tired.

3

Not such the World’s illusive shows;

25

Her wingless flutterings,

Her blossoms which, though shed, outbrave

The Floweret as it springs,

For the Undeceived, smile as they may,

Are melancholy things:

30

But gentle Nature plays her part

With ever-varying wiles,

And transient feignings with plain truth

So well she reconciles,

That those fond Idlers most are pleased

35

Whom oftenest she beguiles.

This Lawn, &c.

This Lawn, a carpet all alive

With shadows flung from leaves—to strive

In dance, amid a press

Of sunshine—an apt emblem yields

Of Worldlings revelling in the fields

5

Of strenuous idleness;

Less quick the stir when tide and breeze

Encounter, and to narrow seas

Forbid a moment’s rest;

The medley less when boreal Lights

10

Glance to and fro like aery Sprites

To feats of arms addrest!

Yet, spite of all this eager strife,

This ceaseless play, the genuine life

Last Poems (1820–1850) 665

That serves the steadfast hours,

15

Is in the grass beneath, that grows

Unheeded, and the mute repose

Of sweetly-breathing flowers.

Presentiments

Presentiments! they judge not right

Who deem that ye from open light

Retire in fear of shame;

All heaven-born Instincts shun the touch

Of vulgar sense, and, being such,

5

Such privilege ye claim.

The tear whose source I could not guess,

The deep sigh that seemed fatherless,

Were mine in early days;

And now, unforced by Time to part

10

With Fancy, I obey my heart,

And venture on your praise.

What though some busy Foes to good,

Too potent over nerve and blood,

Lurk near you, and combine

15

To taint the health which ye infuse,

This hides not from the moral Muse

Your origin divine.

How oft from you, derided Powers!

Comes Faith that in auspicious hours

20

Builds castles, not of air;

Bodings unsanctioned by the will

Flow from your visionary skill,

And teach us to beware.

The bosom-weight, your stubborn gift,

25

That no philosophy can lift,

Shall vanish, if ye please,

Like morning mist; and, where it lay,

The spirits at your bidding play

In gaiety and ease.

30

666 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Star-guided Contemplations move

Through space, though calm, not raised above

Prognostics that ye rule;

The naked Indian of the Wild,

And haply, too, the cradled Child,

35

Are pupils of your school.

But who can fathom your intents,

Number their signs or instruments?

A rainbow, a sunbeam,

A subtle smell that Spring unbinds,

40

Dead pause abrupt of midnight winds,

An echo, or a dream.

The laughter of the Christmas hearth

With sighs of self-exhausted mirth

Ye feelingly reprove;

45

And daily, in the conscious breast,

Your visitations are a test

And exercise of love.

When some great change gives boundless scope

To an exulting Nation’s hope,

50

Oft, startled and made wise

By your low-breathed interpretings,

The simply-meek foretaste the springs

Of bitter contraries.

Ye daunt the proud array of War,

55

Pervade the lonely Ocean far

As sail hath been unfurled;

For Dancers in the festive hall

What ghastly Partners hath your call

Fetched from the shadowy world!

60

’Tis said, that warnings ye dispense,

Emboldened by a keener sense;

That men have lived for whom,

With dread precision, ye made clear

The hour that in a distant year

65

Should knell them to the tomb.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 667

Unwelcome Insight! Yet there are

Blest times when mystery is laid bare,

Truth shows a glorious face,

While on that Isthmus which commands

70

The councils of both worlds she stands,

Sage Spirits! by your grace.

God, who instructs the Brutes to scent

All changes of the element,

Whose wisdom fixed the scale

75

Of Natures, for our wants provides

By higher, sometimes humbler, guides,

When lights of Reason fail.

Gold and Silver Fishes,

in a vase

The soaring Lark is blest as proud

When at Heaven’s gate she sings;

The roving Bee proclaims aloud

Her flight by vocal wings;

While Ye, in lasting durance pent,

5

Your silent lives employ

For something “more than dull content

Though haply less than joy.”

Yet might your glassy prison seem

A place where joy is known,

10

Where golden flash and silver gleam

Have meanings of their own;

While, high and low, and all about,

Your motions, glittering Elves!

Ye weave—no danger from without,

15

And peace among yourselves.

Type of a sunny human breast

Is your transparent Cell;

Where Fear is but a transient Guest,

No sullen Humours dwell;

20

Where, sensitive of every ray

That smites this tiny sea,

668 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Your scaly panoplies repay

The loan with usury.

How beautiful! Yet none knows why

25

This ever-graceful change,

Renewed—renewed incessantly—

Within your quiet range.

Is it that ye with conscious skill

For mutual pleasure glide;

30

And sometimes, not without your will,

Are dwarfed, or magnified?

Fays—Genii of gigantic size—

And now, in twilight dim,

Clustering like constellated Eyes

35

In wings of Cherubim,

When they abate their fiery glare:

Whate’er your forms express,

Whate’er ye seem, whate’er ye are,

All leads to gentleness.

40

Cold though your nature be, ’tis pure;

Your birthright is a fence

From all that haughtier kinds endure

Through tyranny of sense.

Ah! not alone by colours bright

45

Are Ye to Heaven allied,

When, like essential Forms of light,

Ye mingle, or divide.

For day-dreams soft as e’er beguiled

Day-thoughts while limbs repose;

50

For moonlight fascinations mild

Your gift, ere shutters close;

Accept, mute Captives! thanks and praise;

And may this tribute prove

That gentle admirations raise

55

Delight resembling love.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 669

Liberty

(sequel to the above)

[Addressed to a Friend; the Gold and Silver Fishes having been removed to

a pool in the pleasure-ground of Rydal Mount.]

“The liberty of a people consists in being governed by laws which they

have made for themselves, under whatever form it be of government. The

liberty of a private man, in being master of his own time and actions, as far

as may consist with the laws of God and of his country. Of this latter we are

here to discourse.” Cowley.

Those breathing Tokens of your kind regard,

(Suspect not, Anna, that their fate is hard;

Not soon does aught to which mild fancies cling,

In lonely spots, become a slighted thing;)

Those silent Inmates now no longer share,

5

Nor do they need, our hospitable care,

Removed in kindness from their glassy Cell

To the fresh waters of a living Well;

That spreads into an elfin pool opaque

Of which close boughs a glimmering mirror make,

10

On whose smooth breast with dimples light and small

The fly may settle, leaf or blossom fall.

— There swims, of blazing sun and beating shower

Fearless (but how obscured!) the golden Power,

That from his bauble prison used to cast

15

Gleams by the richest jewel unsurpast;

And near him, darkling like a sullen Gnome,

The silver Tenant of the crystal dome;

Dissevered both from all the mysteries

Of hue and altering shape that charmed all eyes.

20

They pined, perhaps, they languished while they shone;

And, if not so, what matters beauty gone

And admiration lost, by change of place

That brings to the inward Creature no disgrace?

But if the change restore his birthright, then,

25

Whate’er the difference, boundless is the gain.

Who can divine what impulses from God

Reach the caged Lark, within a town-abode,

From his poor inch or two of daisied sod?

O yield him back his privilege! No sea

30

670 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Swells like the bosom of a man set free;

A wilderness is rich with liberty.

Roll on, ye spouting Whales, who die or keep

Your independence in the fathomless Deep!

Spread, tiny Nautilus, the living sail;

35

Dive, at thy choice, or brave the freshening gale!

If unreproved the ambitious Eagle mount

Sunward to seek the daylight in its fount,

Bays, gulfs, and Ocean’s Indian width, shall be,

Till the world perishes, a field for thee!

40

While musing here I sit in shadow cool,

And watch these mute Companions, in the pool,

Among reflected boughs of leafy trees,

By glimpses caught—disporting at their ease—

Enlivened, braced, by hardy luxuries,

45

I ask what warrant fixed them (like a spell

Of witchcraft fixed them) in the crystal Cell;

To wheel with languid motion round and round,

Beautiful, yet in a mournful durance bound.

Their peace, perhaps, our lightest footfall marred;

50

On their quick sense our sweetest music jarred;

And whither could they dart, if seized with fear?

No sheltering stone, no tangled root was near.

When fire or taper ceased to cheer the room,

They wore away the night in starless gloom;

55

And, when the sun first dawned upon the streams,

How faint their portion of his vital beams!

Thus, and unable to complain, they fared,

While not one joy of ours by them was shared.

Is there a cherished Bird (I venture now

60

To snatch a sprig from Chaucer’s reverend brow)—

Is there a brilliant Fondling of the cage,

Though sure of plaudits on his costly stage,

Though fed with dainties from the snow-white hand

Of a kind Mistress, fairest of the land,

65

But gladly would escape; and, if need were,

Scatter the colours from the plumes that bear

The emancipated captive through blithe air

Last Poems (1820–1850) 671

Into strange woods, where he at large may live

On best or worst which they and Nature give?

70

The Beetle loves his unpretending track,

The Snail the house he carries on his back:

The far-fetched Worm with pleasure would disown

The bed we give him, though of softest down;

A noble instinct; in all Kinds the same,

75

All Ranks! What Sovereign, worthy of the name,

If doomed to breathe against his lawful will

An element that flatters him—to kill,

But would rejoice to barter outward show

For the least boon that freedom can bestow?

80

But most the Bard is true to inborn right,

Lark of the dawn, and Philomel of night,

Exults in freedom, can with rapture vouch

For the dear blessings of a lowly couch,

A natural meal—days, months, from Nature’s hand;

85

Time, place, and business, all at his command!

Who bends to happier duties, who more wise

Than the industrious Poet, taught to prize,

Above all grandeur, a pure life uncrossed

By cares in which simplicity is lost?

90

That life—the flowery path which winds by stealth,

Which Horace needed for his spirit’s health;

Sighed for, in heart and genius, overcome

By noise, and strife, and questions wearisome,

And the vain splendours of Imperial Rome?

95

Let easy mirth his social hours inspire,

And fiction animate his sportive lyre,

Attuned to verse that crowning light Distress

With garlands cheats her into happiness;

Give me the humblest note of those sad strains

100

Drawn forth by pressure of his gilded chains,

As a chance sunbeam from his memory fell

Upon the Sabine Farm he loved so well;

Or when the prattle of Bandusia’s spring

Haunted his ear—he only listening—

105

He proud to please, above all rivals, fit

To win the palm of gaiety and wit;

672 The Poems of William Wordsworth

He, doubt not, with involuntary dread,

Shrinking from each new favour to be shed,

By the World’s Ruler, on his honoured head!

110

In a deep vision’s intellectual scene,

Such earnest longings and regrets as keen

Depressed the melancholy Cowley, laid

Under a fancied yew-tree’s luckless shade;

A doleful bower for penitential song,

115

Where Man and Muse complained of mutual wrong;

While Cam’s ideal current glided by,

And antique Towers nodded their foreheads high,

Citadels dear to studious privacy.

But Fortune, who had long been used to sport

120

With this tried Servant of a thankless Court,

Relenting met his wishes; and to You

The remnant of his days at least was true;

You, whom, though long deserted, he loved best;

You, Muses, Books, Fields, Liberty, and Rest!

125

But happier they who, fixing hope and aim

On the humanities of peaceful fame,

Enter betimes with more than martial fire

The generous course, aspire, and still aspire;

Upheld by warnings heeded not too late

130

Stifle the contradictions of their fate,

And to one purpose cleave, their Being’s godlike mate!

Thus, gifted Friend, but with the placid brow

That Woman ne’er should forfeit, keep thy vow;

With modest scorn reject whate’er would blind

135

The ethereal eyesight, cramp the wingèd mind!

Then, with a blessing granted from above

To every act, word, thought, and look of love,

Life’s book for Thee may lie unclosed, till age

Shall with a thankful tear bedrop its latest page.

140

  “There is now, alas! no possibility of the anticipation, with which the above Epistle con-

cludes, being realised: nor were the verses ever seen by the Individual for whom they

were intended. She accompanied her husband, the Rev. Wm. Fletcher, to India, and died

of cholera, at the age of thirty-two or thirty-three years, on her way from Shalapore to

Bombay, deeply lamented by all who knew her.

Her enthusiasm was ardent, her piety steadfast; and her great talents would have ena-

bled her to be eminently useful in the difficult path of life to which she had been called. The Last Poems (1820–1850) 673

Humanity (Written in the Year 1829)

Not from his fellows only man may learn

Rights to compare and duties to discern:

All creatures and all objects, in degree,

Are friends and patrons of humanity.—MS.

[The Rocking-stones, alluded to in the beginning of the following verses, are

supposed to have been used, by our British ancestors, both for judicial and

religious purposes. Such stones are not uncommonly found, at this day, both

in Great Britain and in Ireland.]

What though the Accused, upon his own appeal

To righteous Gods when Man has ceased to feel,

Or at a doubting Judge’s stern command,

Before the stone of power no longer stand—

To take his sentence from the balanced Block,

5

As, at his touch, it rocks, or seems to rock;

Though, in the depths of sunless groves, no more

The Druid-priest the hallowed Oak adore;

Yet, for the Initiate, rocks and whispering trees

Do still perform mysterious offices!

10

And still in beast and bird a function dwells,

That, while we look and listen, sometimes tells

Upon the heart, in more authentic guise

Than Oracles, or wingèd Auguries,

Spake to the Science of the ancient wise.

15

Not uninspired appear their simplest ways;

Their voices mount symbolical of praise—

To mix with hymns that Spirits make and hear;

And to fallen Man their innocence is dear.

Enraptured Art draws from those sacred springs

20

Streams that reflect the poetry of things!

Where Christian Martyrs stand in hues portrayed,

That, might a wish avail, would never fade,

Borne in their hands the Lily and the Palm

Shed round the Altar a celestial calm;

25

There, too, behold the Lamb and guileless Dove

opinion she entertained of her own performances, given to the world under her maiden

name, Jewsbury, was modest and humble, and, indeed, far below their merits; as is often

the case with those who are making trial of their powers with a hope to discover what they

are best fitted for. In one quality, viz., quickness in the motions of her mind, she was in the author’s estimation unequalled.” WW

674 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Prest in the tenderness of virgin love

To saintly bosoms!—Glorious is the blending

Of right Affections, climbing or descending

Along a scale of light and life, with cares

30

Alternate; carrying holy thoughts and prayers

Up to the sovereign seat of the Most High;

Descending to the worm in charity;

Like those good Angels whom a dream of night

Gave, in the Field of Luz, to Jacob’s sight;

35

All, while he slept, treading the pendent stairs

Earthward or heavenward, radiant Messengers,

That, with a perfect will in one accord

Of strict obedience, served the Almighty Lord;

And with untired humility forbore

40

The ready service of the wings they wore.

What a fair World were ours for Verse to paint,

If Power could live at ease with self-restraint!

Opinion bow before the naked sense

Of the greatest Vision,—faith in Providence;

45

Merciful over all existence, just

To the least particle of sentient dust;

And, fixing by immutable decrees,

Seedtime and harvest for his purposes!

Then would be closed the restless oblique eye

50

That looks for evil like a treacherous spy;

Disputes would then relax, like stormy winds

That into breezes sink; impetuous Minds

By discipline endeavour to grow meek

As Truth herself, whom they profess to seek.

55

Then Genius, shunning fellowship with Pride,

Would braid his golden locks at Wisdom’s side;

Love ebb and flow untroubled by caprice;

And not alone harsh tyranny would cease,

But unoffending creatures find release

60

From qualified oppression, whose defence

Rests on a hollow plea of recompence;

  “The author is indebted, here, to a passage in one of Mr. Digby’s valuable works.” WW

refers to Kenelm Henry Digby, author of  The Broad Stone of Honour: The True Sense and

Practice of Chilvary (London, 826, 828,829).

Last Poems (1820–1850) 675

Thought-tempered wrongs, for each humane respect

Oft worse to bear, or deadlier in effect.

Witness those glances of indignant scorn

65

From some high-minded Slave, impelled to spurn

The kindness that would make him less forlorn;

Or, if the soul to bondage be subdued,

His look of pitable gratitude!

Alas for thee, bright Galaxy of Isles,

70

Where day departs in pomp, returns with smiles—

To greet the flowers and fruitage of a land,

As the sun mounts, by sea-born breezes fanned;

A land whose azure mountain-tops are seats

For Gods in council, whose green vales, Retreats

75

Fit for the Shades of Heroes, mingling there

To breathe Elysian peace in upper air.

Though cold as winter, gloomy as the grave,

Stone-walls a Prisoner make, but not a Slave.

Shall Man assume a property in Man?

80

Lay on the moral Will a withering ban?

Shame that our laws at distance should protect

Enormities, which they at home reject!

“Slaves cannot breathe in England”—a proud boast!

And yet a mockery! if, from coast to coast,

85

Though fettered slave be none, her floors and soil

Groan underneath a weight of slavish toil,

For the poor Many, measured out by rules

Fetched with cupidity from heartless schools,

That to an Idol, falsely called “the Wealth

90

Of Nations,” sacrifice a People’s health,

Body and mind and soul; a thirst so keen

Is ever urging on the vast machine

Of sleepless Labour, ’mid whose dizzy wheels

The Power least prized is that which thinks and feels.

95

Then, for the pastimes of this delicate age,

And all the heavy or light vassalage

Which for their sakes we fasten, as may suit

Our varying moods, on human kind or brute,

’Twere well in little, as in great, to pause,

100

676 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Lest Fancy trifle with eternal laws.

There are to whom even garden, grove, and field,

Perpetual lessons of forbearance yield;

Who would not lightly violate the grace

The lowliest flower possesses in its place;

105

Nor shorten the sweet life, too fugitive,

Which nothing less than Infinite Power could give.

“Why art thou silent! Is thy love a plant”

Why art thou silent! Is thy love a plant

Of such weak fibre that the treacherous air

Of absence withers what was once so fair?

Is there no debt to pay, no boon to grant?

Yet have my thoughts for thee been vigilant

5

(As would my deeds have been) with hourly care,

The mind’s least generous wish a mendicant

For nought but what thy happiness could spare.

Speak, though this soft warm heart, once free to hold

A thousand tender pleasures, thine and mine,

10

Be left more desolate, more dreary cold

Than a forsaken bird’s-nest filled with snow

’Mid its own bush of leafless eglantine;

Speak, that my torturing doubts their end may know!

Inscription

intended for a stone in the grounds of rydal mount

In these fair Vales hath many a Tree

At Wordsworth’s suit been spared;

And from the Builder’s hand this Stone,

For some rude beauty of its own,

Was rescued by the Bard:

5

So let it rest,—and time will come

When here the tender-hearted

May heave a gentle sigh for him,

As one of the departed.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 677

Elegiac Musings

in the grounds of coleorton hall, the seat of

the late sir george beaumont, bart.

[In these grounds stands the Parish Church, wherein is a mural monument, the

Inscription upon which, in deference to the earnest request of the deceased,

is confined to name, dates, and these words:—“Enter not into judgment with

thy servant, O lord!”]

With copious eulogy in prose or rhyme

Graven on the tomb we struggle against Time,

Alas, how feebly! but our feelings rise

And still we struggle when a good man dies:

Such offering Beaumont dreaded and forbade,

5

A spirit meek in self-abasement clad.

Yet here at least, though few have numbered days

That shunned so modestly the light of praise,

His graceful manners, and the temperate ray

Of that arch fancy which would round him play,

10

Brightening a converse never known to swerve

From courtesy and delicate reserve;

That sense—the bland philosophy of life

Which checked discussion ere it warmed to strife;

Those fine accomplishments, and varied powers,

15

Might have their record among sylvan bowers.

—Oh, fled for ever! vanished like a blast

That shook the leaves in myriads as it passed;

Gone from this world of earth, air, sea, and sky,

From all its spirit-moving imagery,

20

Intensely studied with a Painter’s eye,

A Poet’s heart; and, for congenial view,

Portrayed with happiest pencil, not untrue

To common recognitions while the line

Flowed in a course of sympathy divine—

25

Oh! severed too abruptly from delights

That all the seasons shared with equal rights—

Rapt in the grace of undismantled age,

From soul-felt music, and the treasured page,

Lit by that evening lamp which loved to shed

30

Its mellow lustre round thy honoured head,

While Friends beheld thee give with eye, voice, mien,

678 The Poems of William Wordsworth

More than theatric force to Shakspeare’s scene—

Rebuke us not!—The mandate is obeyed

That said, “Let praise be mute where I am laid;”

35

The holier deprecation, given in trust

To the cold Marble, waits upon thy dust;

Yet have we found how slowly genuine grief

From silent admiration wins relief.

Too long abashed thy Name is like a Rose

40

That doth “within itself its sweetness close;”

A drooping Daisy changed into a cup

In which her bright-eyed beauty is shut up.

Within these Groves, where still are flitting by

Shades of the Past, oft noticed with a sigh,

45

Shall stand a votive Tablet, haply free,

When towers and temples fall, to speak of Thee!

If sculptured emblems of our mortal doom

Recall not there the wisdom of the Tomb,

Green ivy, risen from out the cheerful earth,

50

Shall fringe the lettered stone; and herbs spring forth,

Whose fragrance, by soft dews and rain unbound,

Shall penetrate the heart without a wound;

While truth and love their purposes fulfil,

Commemorating genius, talent, skill,

55

That could not lie concealed where Thou wert known;

Thy virtues He must judge, and He alone,

The God upon whose mercy they are thrown.

“Chatsworth! thy stately mansion, and the pride”

Chatsworth! thy stately mansion, and the pride

Of thy domain, strange contrast do present

To house and home in many a craggy rent

Of the wild Peak; where new–born waters glide

Through fields whose thrifty Occupants abide

5

As in a dear and chosen banishment,

With every semblance of entire content;

So kind is simple Nature, fairly tried!

Yet He whose heart in childhood gave her troth

To pastoral dales, thin set with modest farms,

10

May learn, if judgement strengthen with his growth,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 679

That, not for Fancy only, pomp hath charms;

And, strenuous to protect from lawless harms

The extremes of favoured life, may honour both.

To B. R. Haydon, Esq. On Seeing his Picture of Napoleon Buonaparte on

the Island of St. Helena

Haydon! let worthier judges praise the skill

Here by thy pencil shown in truth of lines

And charm of colours; I applaud those signs

Of thought, that give the true poetic thrill;

That unencumbered whole of blank and still,

5

Sky without cloud—ocean without a wave;

And the one Man that laboured to enslave

The World, sole-standing high on the bare hill—

Back turned, arms folded, the unapparent face

Tinged, we may fancy, in this dreary place

10

With light reflected from the invisible sun

Set like his fortunes; but not set for aye

Like them. The unguilty Power pursues his way,

And before him doth dawn perpetual run.

Epitaph

By a blest Husband guided, Mary came

From nearest kindred, * * * * * * her new name;

She came, though meek of soul, in seemly pride

Of happiness and hope, a youthful Bride.

O dread reverse! if aught be so, which proves

5

That God will chasten whom he dearly loves.

Faith bore her up through pains in mercy given,

And troubles that were each a step to Heaven:

Two Babes were laid in earth before she died;

A third now slumbers at the Mother’s side;

10

Its Sister-twin survives, whose smiles afford

A trembling solace to her widowed Lord.

Reader! if to thy bosom cling the pain

  WW  replaced  the  asterisks  with  the  last  name  of  Mary  Elizabeth  (Carleton)  Vernon,  a woman raised in Grasmere, in the third edition of  Yarrow Revisited, and Other Poems

(London, 839). The epitaph was inscribed on a tablet in St. Mary’s Church in Sprawley,

near Hanbury, England.

680 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of recent sorrow combated in vain;

Or if thy cherished grief have failed to thwart

15

Time still intent on his insidious part,

Lulling the Mourner’s best good thoughts asleep,

Pilfering regrets we would, but cannot, keep;

Bear with Him—judge Him gently who makes known

His bitter loss by this memorial Stone;

20

And pray that in his faithful breast the grace

Of resignation find a hallowed place.

Devotional Incitements

“Not to the earth confined,

“Ascend to heaven.”

Where will they stop, those breathing Powers,

The Spirits of the new-born flowers?

They wander with the breeze, they wind

Where’er the streams a passage find;

Up from their native ground they rise

5

In mute aërial harmonies;

From humble violet modest thyme

Exhaled, the essential odours climb,

As if no space below the sky

Their subtle flight could satisfy:

10

Heaven will not tax our thoughts with pride

If like ambition be their guide.

Roused by this kindliest of May-showers,

The spirit-quickener of the flowers,

That with moist virtue softly cleaves

15

The buds, and freshens the young leaves,

The Birds pour forth their souls in notes

Of rapture from a thousand throats,

Here checked by too impetuous haste,

While there the music runs to waste,

20

With bounty more and more enlarged,

Till the whole air is overcharged;

Give ear, O Man! to their appeal

And thirst for no inferior zeal,

Thou, who canst think, as well as feel.

25

Last Poems (1820–1850) 681

Mount from the earth; aspire! aspire!

So pleads the town’s cathedral choir,

In strains that from their solemn height

Sink, to attain a loftier flight;

While incense from the altar breathes

30

Rich fragrance in embodied wreaths;

Or, flung from swinging censer, shrouds

The taper lights, and curls in clouds

Around angelic Forms, the still

Creation of the painter’s skill,

35

That on the service wait concealed

One moment, and the next revealed.

—Cast off your bonds, awake, arise,

And for no transient ecstasies!

What else can mean the visual plea

40

Of still or moving imagery?

The iterated summons loud,

Not wasted on the attendant crowd,

Nor wholly lost upon the throng

Hurrying the busy streets along?

45

Alas! the sanctities combined

By art to unsensualise the mind,

Decay and languish; or, as creeds

And humours change, are spurned like weeds:

The solemn rites, the awful forms,

50

Founder amid fanatic storms;

The priests are from their altars thrust,

The temples levelled with the dust:

Yet evermore, through years renewed

In undisturbed vicissitude

55

Of seasons balancing their flight

On the swift wings of day and night,

Kind Nature keeps a heavenly door

Wide open for the scattered Poor.

Where flower-breathed incense to the skies

60

Is wafted in mute harmonies;

And ground fresh cloven by the plough

Is fragrant with a humbler vow;

Where birds and brooks from leafy dells

682 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Chime forth unwearied canticles,

65

And vapours magnify and spread

The glory of the sun’s bright head;

Still constant in her worship, still

Conforming to the almighty Will,

Whether men sow or reap the fields,

70

Her admonitions Nature yields;

That not by bread alone we live,

Or what a hand of flesh can give;

That every day should leave some part

Free for a sabbath of the heart;

75

So shall the seventh be truly blest,

From morn to eve, with hallowed rest.

To the Author’s Portrait

[Painted at Rydal Mount, by W. Pickersgill, Esq., for St. John’s College,

Cambridge.]

Go, faithful Portrait! and where long hath knelt

Margaret, the saintly Foundress, take thy place;

And, if Time spare the colours for the grace

Which to the work surpassing skill hath dealt,

Thou, on thy rock reclined, though Kingdoms melt

5

And States be torn up by the roots, wilt seem

To breathe in rural peace, to hear the stream,

To think and feel as once the Poet felt.

Whate’er thy fate, those features have not grown

Unrecognised through many a household tear,

10

More prompt more glad to fall than drops of dew

By morning shed around a flower half blown;

Tears of delight, that testified how true

To life thou art, and, in thy truth, how dear!

[Four Poems Written in Response to the Reform Movement, December

1832]

i. “For Lubbock vote—no legislative Hack”

For Lubbock vote—no legislative Hack

The dupe of History—that old Almanack!

The Sage has read the Stars with skill so true

Last Poems (1820–1850) 683

That Men may trust him, and be certain, too,

The almanack He’ll follow must be new.

5

ii. “If this great world of joy and pain”

If this great world of joy and pain

Revolve in one sure track;

If Freedom, set, will rise again,

And Virtue, flown, come back;

Woe to the purblind crew who fill

5

The heart with each day’s care;

Nor gain, from past or future, skill

To bear, and to forbear!

iii. “Now that Astrology is out of date”

Now that Astrology is out of date,

What have the Stars to do with Church and State?

In Parliament should Lubbock go astray,

Twould be an odd excuse for Friends to say,

“He’s wondrous knowing in The Milky Way! ”

5

iv. Question and Answer

“Can Lubbock fail to make a good M.P,

A Whig so clever in Astronomy?”

“Baillie, a Brother-sage, went forth as keen

Of change—for what reward?—the Guillotine:

Not Newton’s Genius could have saved his head

5

From falling by the “Mouvement” he had led.”

Thought on the Seasons

Flattered with promise of escape

From every hurtful blast,

Spring takes, O sprightly May! thy shape,

Her loveliest and her last.

Less fair is summer riding high

5

In fierce solstitial power,

Less fair than when a lenient sky

Brings on her parting hour.

684 The Poems of William Wordsworth

When earth repays with golden sheaves

The labours of the plough,

10

And ripening fruits and forest leaves

All brighten on the bough,

What pensive beauty autumn shows,

Before she hears the sound

Of winter rushing in, to close

15

The emblematic round!

Such be our Spring, our Summer such;

So may our Autumn blend

With hoary Winter, and Life touch,

Through heaven-born hope, her end!

20

A Wren’s Nest

Among the dwellings framed by birds

In field or forest with nice care,

Is none that with the little Wren’s

In snugness may compare.

No door the tenement requires,

5

And seldom needs a laboured roof;

Yet is it to the fiercest sun

Impervious and storm-proof.

So warm, so beautiful withal,

In perfect fitness for its aim,

10

That to the Kind by special grace

Their instinct surely came.

And when for their abodes they seek

An opportune recess,

The Hermit has no finer eye

15

For shadowy quietness.

These find, ’mid ivied Abbey walls,

A canopy in some still nook;

Others are pent-housed by a brae

That overhangs a brook.

20

There to the brooding Bird her Mate

Last Poems (1820–1850) 685

Warbles by fits his low clear song;

And by the busy Streamlet both

Are sung to all day long.

Or in sequestered lanes they build,

25

Where, till the flitting Bird’s return,

Her eggs within the nest repose,

Like relics in an urn.

But still, where general choice is good,

There is a better and a best;

30

And, among fairest objects, some

Are fairer than the rest;

This, one of those small Builders proved

In a green covert, where, from out

The forehead of a pollard oak,

35

The leafy antlers sprout;

For She who planned the mossy Lodge,

Mistrusting her evasive skill,

Had to a Primrose looked for aid

Her wishes to fulfil.

40

High on the trunk’s projecting brow,

And fixed an infant’s span above

The budding flowers, peeped forth the nest

The prettiest of the grove!

The treasure proudly did I show

45

To some whose minds without disdain

Can turn to little things, but once

Looked up for it in vain:

’Tis gone—a ruthless Spoiler’s prey,

Who heeds not beauty, love, or song,

50

’Tis gone! (so seemed it) and we grieved

Indignant at the wrong.

Just three days after, passing by

In clearer light the moss-built cell

I saw, espied its shaded mouth,

55

686 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And felt that all was well.

The Primrose for a veil had spread

The largest of her upright leaves;

And thus, for purposes benign,

A simple Flower deceives.

60

Concealed from friends who might disturb

Thy quiet with no ill intent,

Secure from evil eyes and hands

On barbarous plunder bent,

Rest, mother-bird! and when thy young

65

Take flight, and thou art free to roam,

When withered is the guardian flower,

And empty thy late home,

Think how ye prospered, thou and thine,

Amid the unviolated grove

70

Housed near the growing primrose tuft

In foresight, or in love.

Evening Voluntaries

I

Calm is the fragrant air, and loth to lose

Day’s grateful warmth, tho’ moist with falling dews.

Look for the stars, you’ll say that there are none;

Look up a second time, and, one by one,

You mark them twinkling out with silvery light,

5

And wonder how they could elude the sight.

The birds, of late so noisy in their bowers,

Warbled a while with faint and fainter powers,

But now are silent as the dim-seen flowers:

Nor does the Village Church-clock’s iron tone

10

The time’s and season’s influence disown;

Nine beats distinctly to each other bound

In drowsy sequence; how unlike the sound

That, in rough winter, oft inflicts a fear

On fireside Listeners, doubting what they hear!

15

Last Poems (1820–1850) 687

The Shepherd, bent on rising with the sun,

Had closed his door before the day was done,

And now with thankful heart to bed doth creep,

And join his little Children in their sleep.

The Bat, lured forth where trees the lane o’ershade,

20

Flits and reflits along the close arcade;

Far-heard the Dor-hawk chases the white Moth

With burring note, which Industry and Sloth

Might both be pleased with, for it suits them both.

Wheels and the tread of hoofs are heard no more;

25

One Boat there was, but it will touch the shore

With the next dipping of its slackened oar;

Faint sound, that, for the gayest of the gay,

Might give to serious thought a moment’s sway,

As a last token of Man’s toilsome day!

30

II

Not in the lucid intervals of life

That come but as a curse to Party-strife;

Not in some hour when Pleasure with a sigh

Of langour puts his rosy garland by;

Not in the breathing-times of that poor Slave

5

Who daily piles up wealth in Mammon’s cave,

Is Nature felt, or can be; nor do words,

Which practised Talent readily affords,

Prove that her hand has touched responsive chords;

Nor has her gentle beauty power to move

10

With genuine rapture and with fervent love

The soul of Genius, if he dares to take

Life’s rule from passion craved for passion’s sake;

Untaught that meekness is the cherished bent

Of all the truly Great and all the Innocent.

15

But who is innocent? By grace divine,

Not otherwise, O Nature! we are thine,

Through good and evil thine, in just degree

Of rational and manly sympathy.

To all that Earth from pensive hearts is stealing,

20

And Heaven is now to gladdened eyes revealing,

Add every charm the Universe can show

688 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Through every change its aspects undergo,

Care may be respited, but not repealed;

No perfect cure grows on the bounded field.

25

Vain is the pleasure, a false calm the peace,

If He, through whom alone our conflicts cease,

Our virtuous hopes without relapse advance,

Come not to speed the Soul’s deliverance;

To the distempered Intellect refuse

30

His gracious help, or give what we abuse.

III

(by the side of rydal mere)

The Linnet’s warble, sinking towards a close,

Hints to the Thrush ’tis time for their repose;

The shrill-voiced Thrush is heedless, and again

The Monitor revives his own sweet strain;

But both will soon be mastered, and the copse

5

Be left as silent as the mountain-tops,

Ere some commanding Star dismiss to rest

The throng of Rooks, that now, from twig or nest,

(After a steady flight on home-bound wings,

And a last game of mazy hoverings

10

Around their ancient grove) with cawing noise

Disturb the liquid music’s equipoise.

O Nightingale! Who ever heard thy song

Might here be moved, till Fancy grows so strong

That listening sense is pardonably cheated

15

Where wood or stream by thee was never greeted.

Surely, from fairest spots of favoured lands,

Were not some gifts withheld by jealous hands,

This hour of deepening darkness here would be,

As a fresh morning for new harmony;

20

And Lays as prompt would hail the dawn of night;

A dawn she has both beautiful and bright,

When the East kindles with the full moon’s light.

Wanderer by spring with gradual progress led,

For sway profoundly felt as widely spread;

25

To king, to peasant, to rough sailor, dear,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 689

And to the soldier’s trumpet-wearied ear;

How welcome wouldst thou be to this green Vale

Fairer than Tempe! Yet, sweet Nightingale!

From the warm breeze that bears thee on alight

30

At will, and stay thy migratory flight;

Build, at thy choice, or sing, by pool or fount,

Who shall complain, or call thee to account?

The wisest, happiest, of our kind are they

That ever walk content with Nature’s way,

35

God’s goodness measuring bounty as it may;

For whom the gravest thought of what they miss,

Chastening the fulness of a present bliss,

Is with that wholesome office satisfied,

While unrepining sadness is allied

40

In thankful bosoms to a modest pride.

IV

Soft as a cloud is yon blue Ridge—the Mere

Seems firm as solid crystal, breathless, clear,

And motionless; and, to the gazer’s eye,

Deeper than Ocean, in the immensity

Of its vague mountains and unreal sky!

5

But, from the process in that still retreat,

Turn to minuter changes at our feet;

Observe how dewy Twilight has withdrawn

The crowd of daisies from the shaven lawn,

And has restored to view its tender green,

10

That, while the sun rode high, was lost beneath their dazzling sheen.

—An emblem this of what the sober Hour

Can do for minds disposed to feel its power!

Thus oft, when we in vain have wish’d away

The petty pleasures of the garish day,

15

Meek Eve shuts up the whole usurping host

(Unbashful dwarfs each glittering at his post)

And leaves the disencumbered spirit free

To reassume a staid simplicity.

’Tis well—but what are helps of time and place,

20

When wisdom stands in need of nature’s grace;

Why do good thoughts, invoked or not, descend,

690 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Like Angels from their bowers, our virtues to befriend;

If yet To-morrow, unbelied, may say,

“I come to open out, for fresh display,

25

The elastic vanities of yesterday?”

V

The leaves that rustled on this oak-crowned hill,

And sky that danced among those leaves, are still;

Rest smooths the way for sleep; in field and bower

Soft shades and dews have shed their blended power

On drooping eyelid and the closing flower;

5

Sound is there none at which the faintest heart

Might leap, the weakest nerve of superstition start;

Save when the Owlet’s unexpected scream

Pierces the ethereal vault; and ’mid the gleam

Of unsubstantial imagery—the dream,

10

From the hushed vale’s realities, transferred

To the still lake, the imaginative Bird

Seems, ’mid inverted mountains, not unheard.

Grave Creature! whether, while the moon shines bright

On thy wings opened wide for smoothest flight,

15

Thou art discovered in a roofless tower,

Rising from what may once have been a Lady’s bower:

Or spied where thou sit’st moping in thy mew

At the dim centre of a churchyard yew;

Or, from a rifted crag or ivy tod

20

Deep in a forest, thy secure abode,

Thou giv’st, for pastime’s sake, by shriek or shout,

A puzzling notice of thy whereabout;

May the night never come, the day be seen,

When I shall scorn thy voice or mock thy mien!

25

In classic ages men perceived a soul

Of sapience in thy aspect, headless Owl!

Thee Athens reverenced in the studious grove;

And, near the golden sceptre grasped by Jove,

His Eagle’s favourite perch, while round him sate

30

The Gods revolving the decrees of Fate,

Thou, too, wert present at Minerva’s side—

Hark to that second larum! far and wide

Last Poems (1820–1850) 691

The elements have heard, and rock and cave replied.

VI

The Sun, that seemed so mildly to retire,

Flung back from distant climes a streaming fire,

Whose blaze is now subdued to tender gleams,

Prelude of night’s approach with soothing dreams.

Look round;—of all the clouds not one is moving;

5

’Tis the still hour of thinking, feeling, loving.

Silent, and stedfast as the vaulted sky,

The boundless plain of waters seems to lie:—

Comes that low sound from breezes rustling o’er

The grass-crowned headland that conceals the shore!

10

No ’tis the earth-voice of the mighty sea,

Whispering how meek and gentle he can be!

Thou Power supreme! who, arming to rebuke

Offenders, dost put off the gracious look,

And clothe thyself with terrors like the flood

15

Of ocean roused into his fiercest mood,

Whatever discipline thy Will ordain

For the brief course that must for me remain;

Teach me with quick-eared spirit to rejoice

In admonitions of thy softest voice!

20

Whate’er the path these mortal feet may trace,

Breathe through my soul the blessing of thy grace,

Glad, through a perfect love, a faith sincere

Drawn from the wisdom that begins with fear;

Glad to expand, and, for a season, free

25

From finite cares, to rest absorbed in Thee!

VII

(by the sea-side)

The sun is couched, the sea-fowl gone to rest,

And the wild storm hath somewhere found a nest;

Air slumbers—wave with wave no longer strives,

Only a heaving of the deep survives,

A tell-tale motion! soon will it be laid,

5

And by the tide alone the water swayed.

692 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Stealthy withdrawings, interminglings mild

Of light with shade in beauty reconciled—

Such is the prospect far as sight can range,

The soothing recompence, the welcome change.

10

Where now the ships that drove before the blast,

Threatened by angry breakers as they passed;

And by a train of flying clouds bemocked;

Or, in the hollow surge, at anchor rocked

As on a bed of death? Some lodge in peace,

15

Saved by His care who bade the tempest cease;

And some, too heedless of past danger, court

Fresh gales to waft them to the far-off port;

But near, or hanging sea and sky between,

Not one of all those wingèd Powers is seen,

20

Seen in her course, nor ’mid this quiet heard;

Yet oh! how gladly would the air be stirred

By some acknowledgment of thanks and praise,

Soft in its temper as those vesper lays

Sung to the Virgin while accordant oars

25

Urge the slow bark along Calabrian shores;

A sea-born service through the mountains felt

Till into one loved vision all things melt:

Or like those hymns that soothe with graver sound

The gulfy coast of Norway iron-bound;

30

And, from the wide and open Baltic, rise

With punctual care, Lutherian harmonies.

Hush, not a voice is here! but why repine,

Now when the star of eve comes forth to shine

On British waters with that look benign?

35

Ye mariners, that plough your onward way,

Or in the haven rest, or sheltering bay,

May silent thanks at least to God be given

With a full heart, “our thoughts are heard in heaven!”

VIII

The sun has long been set,

The stars are out by twos and threes,

  For WW’s explanatory note for VIII and IX, see the notes at the end of this volume. WW

first published a version of “The sun has long been set” in Poems, in Two Volumes in 807

(see vol.  of this edition).

Last Poems (1820–1850) 693

The little birds are piping

Among the bushes and trees;

There’s a cuckoo, and one or two thrushes,

5

And a far-off wind that rushes,

And a sound of water that gushes,

And the Cuckoo’s sovereign cry

Fills all the hollow of the sky.

Who would “go parading”

10

In London, “and masquerading,”

On such a night of June

With that beautiful soft half-moon,

And all these innocent blisses,

On such a night as this is?

15

Ix

Throned in the Sun’s descending car

What Power unseen diffuses far

This tendernes of mind?

What Genius smiles on yonder flood?

What God in whispers from the wood

5

Bids every thought be kind?

O ever pleasing Solitude,

Companion of the wise and good,

Thy shades, thy silence, now be mine,

Thy charms my only theme;

10

My haunt the hollow cliff whose Pine

Waves o’er the gloomy stream;

Whence the scared Owl on pinions grey

Breaks from the rustling boughs,

And down the lone vale sails away

15

To more profound repose!

Composed by the Sea-shore

What mischief cleaves to unsubdued regret,

How fancy sickens by vague hopes beset;

How baffled projects on the spirit prey,

  For WW’s comment on this poem see the notes at the end of this volume.

694 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And fruitless wishes eat the heart away,

The sailor knows; he best whose lot is cast

5

On the relentless sea that holds him fast

On chance dependent, and the fickle star

Of power, through long and melancholy war.

O sad it is, in sight of foreign shores,

Daily to think on old familiar doors,

10

Hearths loved in childhood and ancestral floors;

Or, tossed about along a waste of foam,

To ruminate on that delightful home

Which with the dear Betrothèd was to come;

Or came and was, and is, yet meets the eye

15

Never but in the world of memory;

Or in a dream recalled, whose smoothest range

Is crossed by knowledge, or by dread, of change,

And if not so, whose perfect joy makes sleep

A thing too bright for breathing man to keep.

20

Hail to the virtues which that perilous life

Extracts from Nature’s elemental strife;

And welcome glory won in battles fought

As bravely as the foe was keenly sought.

But to each gallant Captain and his crew

25

A less imperious sympathy is due,

Such as my verse now yields, while moonbeams play

On the mute sea in this unruffled bay;

Such as will promptly flow from every breast,

Where good men, disappointed in the quest

30

Of wealth and power and honours, long for rest;

Or having known the splendours of success,

Sigh for the obscurities of happiness.

To ———,

upon the birth of her first-born child, march, 1833

“Tum porro puer, ut sævis projectus ab undis

Navita; nudus humi jacet,” &c.—Lucretius.

Like a shipwreck’d Sailor tost

By rough waves on a perilous coast,

  Addressed to Isabella, wife of WW’s son John, on the occasion of the birth of Jane, WW’s

first grandchild.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 695

Lies the Babe, in helplessness

And in tenderest nakedness,

Flung by labouring nature forth

5

Upon the mercies of the earth.

Can its eyes beseech? no more

Than the hands are free to implore:

Voice but serves for one brief cry,

Plaint was it? or prophecy

10

Of sorrow that will surely come?

Omen of man’s grievous doom!

But, O Mother! by the close

Duly granted to thy throes;

By the silent thanks now tending

15

Incense-like to Heaven, descending

Now to mingle and to move

With the gush of earthly love,

As a debt to that frail Creature,

Instrument of struggling Nature

20

For the blissful calm, the peace

Known but to this one release;

Can the pitying spirit doubt

That for human-kind springs out

From the penalty a sense

25

Of more than mortal recompence?

As a floating summer cloud,

Though of gorgeous drapery proud,

To the sun-burnt traveller,

Or the stooping labourer,

30

Ofttimes makes its bounty known

By its shadow round him thrown;

So, by chequerings of sad cheer,

Heavenly guardians, brooding near,

Of their presence tell—too bright

35

Haply for corporeal sight!

Ministers of grace divine

Feelingly their brows incline

O’er this seeming Castaway

Breathing, in light of day,

40

696 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Something like the faintest breath

That has power to baffle death—

Beautiful, while very weakness

Captivates like passive meekness!

And, sweet Mother! under warrant

45

Of the universal Parent,

Who repays in season due

Them who have, like thee, been true

To the filial chain let down

From his everlasting throne,

50

Angels hovering round thy couch,

With their softest whispers vouch,

That, whatever griefs may fret,

Cares entangle, sins beset

This thy first-born, and with tears

55

Stain her cheek in future years,

Heavenly succour, not denied

To the Babe, whate’er betide,

Will to the Woman be supplied!

Mother! blest be thy calm ease;

60

Blest the starry promises,

And the firmament benign

Hallowed be it, where they shine!

Yes, for them whose souls have scope

Ample for a wingèd hope,

65

And can earthward bend an ear

For needful listening, pledge is here,

That, if thy new-born Charge shall tread

In thy footsteps, and be led

By that other Guide, whose light

70

Of manly virtues, mildly bright,

Gave him first the wished-for part

In thy gentle virgin heart,

Then, amid the storms of life

Presignified by that dread strife

75

Whence ye have escaped together,

She may look for serene weather;

In all trials sure to find

Last Poems (1820–1850) 697

Comfort for a faithful mind;

Kindlier issues, holier rest,

80

Than even now await her prest,

Conscious Nursling, to thy breast!

The Warning

a sequel to the foregoing. march, 1833

List, the winds of March are blowing;

Her ground-flowers shrink, afraid of showing

Their meek heads to the nipping air,

Which ye feel not, happy pair!

Sunk into a kindly sleep.

5

We, meanwhile, our hope will keep;

And if Time leagued with adverse Change

(Too busy fear!) shall cross its range,

Whatsoever check they bring,

Anxious duty hindering,

10

To like hope our prayers will cling.

Thus, while the ruminating spirit feeds

Upon each home-event as life proceeds,

Affections pure and holy in their source

Gain a fresh impulse, run a livelier course;

15

Hopes that within the Father’s heart prevail,

Are in the experienced Grandsire’s slow to fail;

And if the harp pleased his gay youth, it rings

To his grave touch with no unready strings,

While thoughts press on, and feelings overflow,

20

And quick words round him fall like flakes of snow.

Thanks to the Powers that yet maintain their sway,

And have renewed the tributary Lay.

Truths of the heart flock in with eager pace,

And fancy greets them with a fond embrace;

25

Swift as the rising sun his beams extends

She shoots the tidings forth to distant friends;

Their gifts she hails (deemed precious, as they prove

For the unconscious Babe an unbelated love!)

  Sequel to  To ———, Upon the Birth of her First-born Child, March, 833 .

698 The Poems of William Wordsworth

But from this peaceful centre of delight

30

Vague sympathies have urged her to take flight.

She rivals the fleet Swallow, making rings

In the smooth lake where’er he dips his wings:

—Rapt into upper regions, like the Bee

That sucks from mountain heath her honey fee;

35

Or, like the warbling Lark intent to shroud

His head in sunbeams or a bowery cloud,

She soars—and here and there her pinions rest

On proud towers, like this humble cottage, blest

With a new visitant, an infant guest—

40

Towers where red streamers flout the breezy sky

In pomp foreseen by her creative eye,

When feasts shall crowd the Hall, and steeple bells

Glad proclamation make, and heights and dells

Catch the blithe music as it sinks or swells;

45

And harboured ships, whose pride is on the sea,

Shall hoist their topmast flags in sign of glee,

Honouring the hope of noble ancestry.

But who (though neither reckoning ills assigned

By Nature, nor reviewing in the mind

50

The track that was, and is, and must be, worn

With weary feet by all of woman born)—

Shall now by such a gift with joy be moved,

Nor feel the fulness of that joy reproved?

Not He, whose last faint memory will command

55

The truth that Britain was his native land;

Whose infant soul was tutored to confide

In the cleansed faith for which her martyrs died;

Whose boyish ear the voice of her renown

With rapture thrilled; whose Youth revered the crown

60

Of Saxon liberty that Alfred wore,

Alfred, dear Babe, thy great Progenitor!

—Not He, who from her mellowed practice drew

His social sense of just, and fair, and true;

And saw, thereafter, on the soil of France

65

Rash Polity begin her maniac dance,

Foundations broken up, the deeps run wild,

Nor grieved to see, (himself not unbeguiled)—

Last Poems (1820–1850) 699

Woke from the dream, the dreamer to upbraid,

And learn how sanguine expectations fade

70

When novel trusts by folly are betrayed,—

To see presumption, turning pale, refrain

From further havoc, but repent in vain,—

Good aims lie down, and perish in the road

Where guilt had urged them on, with ceaseless goad,

75

Till undiscriminating Ruin swept

The Land, and Wrong perpetual vigils kept;

With proof before her that on public ends

Domestic virtue vitally depends.

Can such a one, dear Babe! though glad and proud

80

To welcome Thee, repel the fears that crowd

Into his English breast, and spare to quake

Not for his own, but for thy innocent sake?

Too late—or, should the providence of God

Lead, through blind ways by sin and sorrow trod,

85

Justice and peace to a secure abode,

Too soon—thou com’st into this breathing world;

Ensigns of mimic outrage are unfurled.

Who shall preserve or prop the tottering Realm?

What hand suffice to govern the state-helm?

90

If, in the aims of men, the surest test

Of good or bad (whate’er be sought for or profest)

Lie in the means required, or ways ordained,

For compassing the end, else never gained;

Yet governors and govern’d both are blind

95

To this plain truth, or fling it to the wind;

If to expedience principle must bow;

Past, future, shrinking up beneath the incumbent Now;

If cowardly concession still must feed

The thirst for power in men who ne’er concede;

100

If generous Loyalty must stand in awe

Of subtle Treason, with his mask of law;

Or with bravado insolent and hard,

Provoking punishment, to win reward;

If office help the factious to conspire,

105

And they who should extinguish, fan the fire—

Then, will the sceptre be a straw, the crown

700 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Sit loosely, like the thistle’s crest of down;

To be blown off at will, by Power that spares it

In cunning patience, from the head that wears it.

110

Lost people, trained to theoretic feud;

Lost above all, ye labouring multitude!

Bewildered whether ye, by slanderous tongues

Deceived, mistake calamities for wrongs;

And over fancied usurpations brood,

115

Oft snapping at revenge in sullen mood;

Or, from long stress of real injuries fly

To desperation for a remedy;

In bursts of outrage spread your judgments wide,

And to your wrath cry out, “Be thou our guide;”

120

Or, bound by oaths, come forth to tread earth’s floor

In marshalled thousands, darkening street and moor

With the worst shape mock-patience ever wore;

Or, to the giddy top of self-esteem

By Flatterers carried, mount into a dream

125

Of boundless suffrage, at whose sage behest

Justice shall rule, disorder be supprest,

And every man sit down as Plenty’s Guest!

—O for a bridle bitted with remorse

To stop your Leaders in their headstrong course!

130

Oh may the Almighty scatter with his grace

These mists, and lead you to a safer place,

By paths no human wisdom can foretrace!

May He pour round you, from worlds far above

Man’s feverish passions, his pure light of love,

135

That quietly restores the natural mien

To hope, and makes truth willing to be seen!

Else shall your blood-stained hands in frenzy reap

Fields gaily sown when promises were cheap.

Why is the Past belied with wicked art,

140

The Future made to play so false a part,

Among a people famed for strength of mind,

Foremost in freedom, noblest of mankind?

We act as if we joyed in the sad tune

Storms make in rising, valued in the moon

145

Nought but her changes. Thus, ungrateful Nation!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 701

If thou persist, and, scorning moderation,

Spread for thyself the snares of tribulation,

Whom, then, shall meekness guard? What saving skill

Lie in forbearance, strength in standing still?

150

—Soon shall the Widow (for the speed of Time

Nought equals when the hours are winged with crime)

Widow, or Wife, implore on tremulous knee,

From him who judged her Lord, a like decree;

The skies will weep o’er old men desolate:

155

Ye Little-ones! Earth shudders at your fate,

Outcasts and homeless orphans——

But turn, my Soul, and from the sleeping Pair

Learn thou the beauty of omniscient care!

Be strong in faith, bid anxious thoughts lie still;

160

Seek for the good and cherish it—the ill

Oppose, or bear with a submissive will.

“He who defers his work from day to day”

He who defers his work from day to day

Does on a river’s bank expecting stay,

Till the whole Stream which stopped him shall be gone

Which runs and as it runs for ever will run on.

To the Utilitarians

Avaunt this œconomic rage!

What would it bring?—an iron age,

Where Fact with heartless search explored

Shall be Imagination’s Lord,

And sway with absolute controul,

5

The god-like Functions of the Soul.

Not thus can knowledge elevate

Our Nature from her fallen state.

With sober Reason Faith unites

To vindicate the ideal rights

10

Of Human-kind—the true agreeing

Of objects with internal seeing,

Of effort with the end of Being.—

702 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The Labourer’s Noon-day Hymn

Up to the throne of God is borne

The voice of praise at early morn,

And he accepts the punctual hymn

Sung as the light of day grows dim.

Nor will he turn his ear aside

5

From holy offerings at noontide:

Then here reposing let us raise

A song of gratitude and praise.

What though our burthen be not light

We need not toil from morn to night;

10

The respite of the mid-day hour

Is in the thankful Creature’s power.

Blest are the moments, doubly blest,

That, drawn from this one hour of rest,

Are with a ready heart bestowed

15

Upon the service of our God!

Why should we crave a hallowed spot?

An Altar is in each man’s cot,

A Church in every grove that spreads

Its living roof above our heads.

20

Look up to Heaven! the industrious Sun

Already half his race hath run;

He cannot halt nor go astray,

But our immortal Spirits may.

Lord! since his rising in the East,

25

If we have faltered or transgressed,

Guide, from thy love’s abundant source,

What yet remains of this day’s course:

Help with thy grace, through life’s short day

Our upward and our downward way;

30

And glorify for us the west,

When we shall sink to final rest.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 703

Love Lies Bleeding

You call it, “Love lies bleeding,”—so you may,

Though the red Flower, not prostrate, only droops,

As we have seen it here from day to day,

From month to month, life passing not away:

A flower how rich in sadness! Even thus stoops,

5

(Sentient by Grecian sculpture’s marvellous power)

Thus leans, with hanging brow and body bent

Earthward in uncomplaining languishment,

The dying Gladiator. So, sad Flower!

(’Tis Fancy guides me willing to be led,

10

Though by a slender thread,)

So drooped Adonis bathed in sanguine dew

Of his death-wound, when he from innocent air

The gentlest breath of resignation drew;

While Venus in a passion of despair

15

Rent, weeping over him, her golden hair

Spangled with drops of that celestial shower.

She suffered, as Immortals sometimes do;

But pangs more lasting far, that Lover knew

Who first, weighed down by scorn, in some lone bower

20

Did press this semblance of unpitied smart

Into the service of his constant heart,

His own dejection, downcast Flower! could share

With thine, and gave the mournful name which thou wilt ever bear.

Companion to the Foregoing

Never enlivened with the liveliest ray

That fosters growth or checks or cheers decay,

Nor by the heaviest rain-drops more deprest,

This Flower, that first appeared as summer’s guest,

Preserved her beauty among summer leaves,

5

And to her mournful habits fondly cleaves.

When files of stateliest plants have ceased to bloom,

One after one submitting to their doom,

When her coevals each and all are fled,

What keeps her thus reclined upon her lonesome bed?

10

The old mythologists, more impress’d than we

Of this late day by character in tree

704 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Or herb, that claimed peculiar sympathy,

Or by the silent lapse of fountain clear,

Or with the language of the viewless air

15

By bird or beast made vocal, sought a cause

To solve the mystery, not in Nature’s laws

But in Man’s fortunes. Hence a thousand tales

Sung to the plaintive lyre in Grecian vales.

Nor doubt that something of their spirit swayed

20

The fancy-stricken youth or heart-sick maid,

Who, while each stood companionless and eyed

This undeparting Flower in crimson dyed,

Thought of a wound which death is slow to cure,

A fate that has endured and will endure,

25

And, patience coveting yet passion feeding,

Called the dejected Lingerer, Love lies bleeding.

Written in an Album

Small service is true service while it lasts;

Of Friends, however humble, scorn not one:

The Daisy, by the shadow that it casts,

Protects the lingering dew-drop from the Sun.

Lines

suggested by a portrait from the pencil of f. stone

Beguiled into forgetfulness of care

Due to the day’s unfinished task, of pen

Or book regardless, and of that fair scene

In Nature’s prodigality displayed

Before my window, oftentimes and long

5

I gaze upon a Portrait whose mild gleam

Of beauty never ceases to enrich

The common light; whose stillness charms the air,

Or seems to charm it, into like repose;

Whose silence, for the pleasure of the ear,

10

Surpasses sweetest music. There she sits

With emblematic purity attired

In a white vest, white as her marble neck

Is, and the pillar of the throat would be

Last Poems (1820–1850) 705

But for the shadow by the drooping chin

15

Cast into that recess—the tender shade

The shade and light, both there and every where,

And through the very atmosphere she breathes,

Broad, clear, and toned harmoniously, with skill

That might from nature have been learnt in the hour

20

When the lone Shepherd sees the morning spread

Upon the mountains. Look at her, whoe’er

Thou be, that kindling with a poet’s soul

Hast loved the painter’s true Promethean craft

Intensely—from Imagination take

25

The treasure, what mine eyes behold see thou,

Even though the Atlantic Ocean roll between.

A silver line, that runs from brow to crown,

And in the middle parts the braided hair,

Just serves to show how delicate a soil

30

The golden harvest grows in; and those eyes,

Soft and capacious as a cloudless sky

Whose azure depth their colour emulates,

Must needs be conversant with upward looks,

Prayer’s voiceless service; but now, seeking nought

35

And shunning nought, their own peculiar life

Of motion they renounce, and with the head

Partake its inclination towards earth

In humble grace, and quiet pensiveness

Caught at the point where it stops short of sadness.

40

Offspring of soul-bewitching Art, make me

Thy confidant! say, whence derived that air

Of calm abstraction? Can the ruling thought

Be with some lover far away, or one

Crossed by misfortune, or of doubted faith?

45

Inapt conjecture! Childhood here, a moon

Crescent in simple loveliness serene,

Has but approached the gates of womanhood,

Not entered them; her heart is yet unpierced

By the blind Archer-god, her fancy free:

50

The fount of feeling, if unsought elsewhere,

Will not be found.

706 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Her right hand, as it lies

Across the slender wrist of the left arm

Upon her lap reposing, holds—but mark

How slackly, for the absent mind permits

55

No firmer grasp—a little wild-flower, joined

As in a posy, with a few pale ears

Of yellowing corn, the same that overtopped

And in their common birthplace sheltered it

’Till they were plucked together; a blue flower

60

Called by the thrifty husbandman a weed ;

But Ceres, in her garland, might have worn

That ornament, unblamed. The floweret, held

In scarcely conscious fingers, was, she knows,

(Her Father told her so) in Youth’s gay dawn

65

Her Mother’s favourite; and the orphan Girl,

In her own dawn—a dawn less gay and bright,

Loves it while there in solitary peace

She sits, for that departed Mother’s sake.

—Not from a source less sacred is derived

70

(Surely I do not err) that pensive air

Of calm abstraction through the face diffused

And the whole person.

Words have something told

More than the pencil can, and verily

More than is needed, but the precious Art

75

Forgives their interference—Art divine,

That both creates and fixes, in despite

Of Death and Time, the marvels it hath wrought.

Strange contrasts have we in this world of ours!

That posture, and the look of filial love

80

Thinking of past and gone, with what is left

Dearly united, might be swept away

From this fair Portrait’s fleshly Archetype,

Even by an innocent fancy’s slightest freak

Banished, nor ever, haply, be restored

85

To their lost place, or meet in harmony

So exquisite; but here do they abide,

Enshrined for ages. Is not then the Art

Last Poems (1820–1850) 707

Godlike, a humble branch of the divine,

In visible quest of immortality,

90

Stretched forth with trembling hope? In every realm,

From high Gibraltar to Siberian plains,

Thousands, in each variety of tongue

That Europe knows, would echo this appeal;

One above all, a Monk who waits on God

95

In the magnific Convent built of yore

To sanctify the Escurial palace. He,

Guiding, from cell to cell and room to room,

A British Painter (eminent for truth

In character, and depth of feeling, shown

100

By labours that have touched the hearts of kings,

And are endeared to simple cottagers)

Left not unvisited a glorious work,

Our Lord’s Last Supper, beautiful as when first

The appropriate Picture, fresh from Titian’s hand,

105

Graced the Refectory: and there, while both

Stood with eyes fixed upon that Masterpiece,

The hoary Father in the Stranger’s ear

Breathed out these words:—“Here daily do we sit,

Thanks given to God for daily bread, and here

110

Pondering the mischiefs of these restless Times,

And thinking of my Brethren, dead, dispersed,

Or changed and changing, I not seldom gaze

Upon this solemn Company unmoved

By shock of circumstance, or lapse of years,

115

Until I cannot but believe that they—

They are in truth the Substance, we the Shadows.”

So spake the mild Jeronymite, his griefs

Melting away within him like a dream

Ere he had ceased to gaze, perhaps to speak:

120

And I, grown old, but in a happier land,

Domestic Portrait! have to verse consigned

In thy calm presence those heart-moving words:

  “The pile of buildings, composing the palace and convent of San Lorenzo, has, in common

usage, lost its proper name in that of the  Escurial, a village at the foot of the hill upon which the splendid edifice, built by Philip the Second, stands. It need scarcely be added, that

Wilkie is the painter alluded to.” WW

708 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Words that can soothe, more than they agitate;

Whose spirit, like the angel that went down

125

Into Bethesda’s pool, with healing virtue

Informs the fountain in the human breast

That by the visitation was disturbed.

——But why this stealing tear? Companion mute,

On thee I look, not sorrowing; fare thee well,

130

My Song’s Inspirer, once again farewell!

The Foregoing Subject Resumed

Among a grave fraternity of Monks,

For One, but surely not for One alone,

Triumphs, in that great work, the Painter’s skill,

Humbling the body, to exalt the soul;

Yet representing, amid wreck and wrong

5

And dissolution and decay, the warm

And breathing life of flesh, as if already

Clothed with impassive majesty, and graced

With no mean earnest of a heritage

Assigned to it in future worlds. Thou, too,

10

With thy memorial flower, meek Portraiture!

From whose serene companionship I passed,

Pursued by thoughts that haunt me still; thou also—

Though but a simple object, into light

Called forth by those affections that endear

15

The private hearth; though keeping thy sole seat

In singleness, and little tried by time,

Creation, as it were, of yesterday—

With a congenial function art endued

For each and all of us, together joined,

20

In course of nature, under a low roof

By charities and duties that proceed

Out of the bosom of a wiser vow.

To a like salutary sense of awe,

  “In the class entitled “Musings,” in Mr. Southey’s Minor Poems, is one upon his own minia-

ture Picture, taken in childhood, and another upon a landscape painted by Gaspar Poussin.

It is possible that every word of the above verses, though similar in subject, might have

been written had the author been unacquainted with those beautiful effusions of poetic

sentiment. But, for his own satisfaction, he must be allowed thus publicly to acknowledge

the pleasure those two poems of his Friend have given him, and the grateful influence they

have upon his mind as often as he reads them, or thinks of them.” WW

Last Poems (1820–1850) 709

Or sacred wonder, growing with the power

25

Of meditation that attempts to weigh,

In faithful scales, things and their opposites,

Can thy enduring quiet gently raise

A household small and sensitive,—whose love,

Dependent as in part its blessings are

30

Upon frail ties dissolving or dissolved

On earth, will be revived, we trust, in heaven.

“Desponding Father! mark this altered bough”

Desponding Father! mark this altered bough,

So beautiful of late, with sunshine warmed,

Or moist with dews; what more unsightly now,

Its blossoms shrivelled, and its fruit, if formed,

Invisible? yet Spring her genial brow

5

Knits not o’er that discolouring and decay

As false to expectation. Nor fret thou

At like unlovely process in the May

Of human life: a Stripling’s graces blow,

Fade and are shed, that from their timely fall

10

(Misdeem it not a cankerous change) may grow

Rich mellow bearings, that for thanks shall call;

In all men, sinful is it to be slow

To hope—in Parents, sinful above all.

Lines

written in the album of the countess of ———.

nov. 5, 1834

Lady! a Pen, perhaps, with thy regard,

Among the Favoured, favoured not the least,

Left, ’mid the Records of this Book inscribed,

Deliberate traces, registers of thought

And feeling, suited to the place and time

5

That gave them birth:—months passed, and still this hand,

That had not been too timid to imprint

Words which the virtues of thy Lord inspired,

Was yet not bold enough to write of Thee.

1 WW identified the Countess Lonsdale in the third edition of Yarrow Revisited, and Other Poems (839).

710 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And why that scrupulous reserve? In sooth

10

The blameless cause lay in the Theme itself.

Flowers are there many that delight to strive

With the sharp wind, and seem to court the shower,

Yet are by nature careless of the sun

Whether he shine on them or not; and some,

15

Where’er he moves along the unclouded sky,

Turn a broad front full on his flattering beams:

Others do rather from their notice shrink,

Loving the dewy shade,—a humble Band,

Modest and sweet, a Progeny of earth,

20

Congenial with thy mind and character,

High-born Augusta!

Towers, and stately Groves,

Bear witness for me; thou, too, Mountain-stream!

From thy most secret haunts; and ye Parterres,

Which she is pleased and proud to call her own;

25

Witness how oft upon my noble Friend

Mute offerings, tribute from an inward sense

Of admiration and respectful love,

Have waited, till the affections could no more

Endure that silence, and broke out in song;

30

Snatches of music taken up and dropt

Like those self-solacing those under notes

Trilled by the redbreast, when autumnal leaves

Are thin upon the bough. Mine, only mine,

The pleasure was, and no one heard the praise,

35

Checked, in the moment of its issue checked;

And reprehended by a fancied blush

From the pure qualities that called it forth.

Thus Virtue lives debarred from Virtue’s meed;

Thus, Lady, is retiredness a veil

40

That, while it only spreads a softening charm

O’er features looked at by discerning eyes,

Hides half their beauty from the common gaze;

And thus, even on the exposed and breezy hill

Of lofty station, female goodness walks,

45

When side by side with lunar gentleness,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 711

As in a cloister. Yet the grateful Poor

(Such the immunities of low estate,

Plain Nature’s enviable privilege,

Her sacred recompence for many wants)

50

Open their hearts before Thee, pouring out

All that they think and feel, with tears of joy;

And benedictions not unheard in Heaven:

And friend in the ear of friend, where speech is free

To follow truth, is eloquent as they.

55

Then let the Book receive in these prompt lines

A just memorial; and thine eyes consent

To read that they, who mark thy course, behold

A life declining with the golden light

Of summer, in the season of sere leaves;

60

See cheerfulness undamped by stealing Time;

See studied kindness flow with easy stream,

Illustrated with inborn courtesy;

And an habitual disregard of self

Balanced by vigilance for others’ weal.

65

And shall the verse not tell of lighter gifts

With these ennobling attributes conjoined

And blended, in peculiar harmony,

By Youth’s surviving spirit? What agile grace!

A nymph-like liberty, in nymph-like form,

70

Beheld with wonder; whether floor or path

Thou tread, or on the managed steed art borne,

Fleet as the shadows, over down or field,

Driven by strong winds at play among the clouds.

Yet one word more—one farewell word—a wish

75

Which came, but it has passed into a prayer,

That, as thy sun in brightness is declining,

So, at an hour yet distant for their sakes

Whose tender love, here faltering on the way

Of a diviner love, will be forgiven,—

80

So may it set in peace, to rise again

For everlasting glory won by faith.

712 The Poems of William Wordsworth

“Fairy skill”

Fairy skill,

Fairy’s hand,

And a quill

From fairy-land,

Album small!

5

Are needed all

To write in you;

So adieu

W.W.—

The Redbreast

(suggested in a westmoreland cottage)

Driven in by Autumn’s sharpening air,

From half-stripped woods and pastures bare,

Brisk Robin seeks a kindlier home:

Not like a beggar is he come,

But enters as a looked-for guest,

5

Confiding in his ruddy breast,

As if it were a natural shield

Charged with a blazon on the field,

Due to that good and pious deed

Of which we in the Ballad read.

10

But pensive fancies putting by,

And wild-wood sorrows, speedily

He plays the expert ventriloquist;

And, caught by glimpses now—now missed,

Puzzles the listener with a doubt

15

If the soft voice he throws about

Comes from within doors of without!

Was ever such a sweet confusion,

Sustained by delicate illusion?

He’s at your elbow—to your feeling

20

The notes are from the floor or ceiling;

And there’s a riddle to be guessed,

’Till you have marked his heaving breast,

Where tiny sinking, and faint swell,

Betray the Elf that loves to dwell

25

Last Poems (1820–1850) 713

In Robin’s bosom, as a chosen cell.

Heart-pleased we smile upon the Bird

If seen, and with like pleasure stirred

Commend him, when he’s only heard.

But small and fugitive our gain

30

Compared with his who long hath lain,

With languid limbs and patient head,

Reposing on a lone sick-bed;

Where now he daily hears a strain

That cheats him of too busy cares,

35

Eases his pain, and helps his prayers.

And who but this dear Bird beguiled

The fever of that pale-faced Child?

Now cooling, with his passing wing,

Her forhead, like a breeze of Spring;

40

Recalling now, with descant soft

Shed round her pillow from aloft,

Sweet thoughts of angels hovering nigh,

And the invisible sympathy

Of “Mathew, Mark, and Luke, and John,

45

Blessing the bed she lies upon:”

And sometimes, just as listening ends

In slumber, with the cadence blends

A dream of that low-warbled hymn

Which Old-folk, fondly pleased to trim

50

Lamps of faith now burning dim,

Say that the Cherubs carved in stone,

When clouds gave way at dead of night,

And the moon filled the church with light,

Used to sing in heavenly tone,

55

Above and round the sacred places

They guard, with wingèd baby-faces.

Thrice-happy Creature! in all lands

Nurtured by hospitable hands:

Free entrance to this cot has he,

60

  “The words—

‘Mathew, Mark, and Luke, and John,

    Bless the bed that I lie on,’

are part of a child’s prayer, still in general use through the northern counties.” WW

714 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Entrance and exit both yet free;

And, when the keen unruffled weather

That thus brings man and bird together,

Shall with its pleasantness be past,

And casement closed and door made fast,

65

To keep at bay the howling blast,

He needs not fear the season’s rage,

For the whole house is Robin’s cage.

Whether the bird flit here or there,

O’er table lilt, or perch on chair,

70

Though some may frown, and make a stir

To scare him as a trespasser,

And he belike will flinch or start,

Good friends he has to take his part;

One chiefly, who with voice and look

75

Pleads for him from the chimney nook,

Where sits the Dame, and wears away

Her long and vacant holiday;

With images about her heart,

Reflected, from the years gone by,

80

On human nature’s second infancy.

Upon Seeing a Coloured Drawing of the Bird of Paradise

in an Album

Who rashly strove thy Image to portray?

Thou buoyant minion of the tropic air;

How could he think of the live creature—gay

With a divinity of colours—drest

In all her brightness, from the dancing crest

5

Far as the last gleam of the filmy train

Extended and extending to sustain

The motions that it graces—and forbear

To drop his pencil! Flowers of every clime

Depicted on these pages smile at time;

10

And gorgeous insects copied with nice care

Are here, and likenesses of many a shell

Tossed ashore by restless waves,

Or in the diver’s grasp fetched up from caves

Where sea-nymphs might be proud to dwell:

15

Last Poems (1820–1850) 715

But whose rash hand (again I ask) could dare,

’Mid casual tokens and promiscuous shows,

To circumscribe this shape in fixed repose;

Could imitate for indolent survey,

Perhaps for touch profane,

20

Plumes that might catch, but cannot keep a stain;

And, with cloud-streaks lightest and loftiest, share

The sun’s first greeting, his last farewell ray!

Resplendent Wanderer! followed with glad eyes

Where’er her course; mysterious Bird!

25

To whom, by wondering Fancy stirred,

Eastern Islanders have given

A holy name—the Bird of Heaven!

And even a title higher still,

The Bird of God! whose blessed will

30

She seems performing as she flies

Over the earth and through the skies

In never-wearied search of Paradise—

Region that crowns her beauty, with the name

She bears for us—for us how blest,

35

How happy at all seasons, could like aim

Uphold our Spirits urged to kindred flight

On wings that fear no glance of God’s pure sight,

No tempest from his breath, their promised rest

Seeking with indefatigable quest

40

Above a world that deems itself most wise

When most enslaved by gross realities.

Airey-force Valley

—Not a breath of air

Ruffles the bosom of this leafy glen.

From the brook’s margin, wide around, the trees

Are stedfast as the rocks; the brook itself,

Old as the hills that feed it from afar,

5

Doth rather deepen than disturb the calm

Where all things else are still and motionless.

And yet, even now, a little breeze, perchance

Escaped from boisterous winds that rage without,

Has entered, by the sturdy oaks unfelt;

10

716 The Poems of William Wordsworth

But to its gentle touch how sensitive

Is the light ash! that, pendent from the brow

Of yon dim cave, in seeming silence makes

A soft eye-music of slow-waving boughs,

Powerful almost as vocal harmony

15

To stay the wanderer’s steps and soothe his thoughts.

To the Moon

(composed by the sea-side,—on the coast of cumberland)

Wanderer! that stoop’st so low, and com’st so near

To human life’s unsettled atmosphere;

Who lov’st with Night and Silence to partake,

So might it seem, the cares of them that wake;

And, through the cottage-lattice softly peeping,

5

Dost shield from harm the humblest of the sleeping;

What pleasure once encompassed those sweet names

Which yet in thy behalf the Poet claims,

An idolizing dreamer as of yore!—

I slight them all; and, on this sea-beat shore

10

Sole-sitting, only can to thoughts attend

That bid me hail thee as the sailor’s friend;

So call thee for heaven’s grace through thee made known

By confidence supplied and mercy shown,

When not a twinkling star or beacon’s light

15

Abates the perils of a stormy night;

And for less obvious benefits, that find

Their way, with thy pure help, to heart and mind;

Both for the adventurer starting in life’s prime;

And veteran ranging round from clime to clime,

20

Long-baffled hope’s slow fever in his veins,

And wounds and weakness oft his labour’s sole remains.

The aspiring Mountains and the winding Streams

Empress of Night! are gladdened by thy beams;

A look of thine the wilderness pervades,

25

And penetrates the forest’s inmost shades;

Thou, chequering peaceably the minster’s gloom,

Guid’st the pale Mourner to the lost one’s tomb;

Canst reach the Prisoner—to his grated cell

Last Poems (1820–1850) 717

Welcome, though silent and intangible!—

30

And lives there one, of all that come and go

On the great waters toiling to and fro,

One, who has watched thee at some quiet hour

Enthroned aloft in undisputed power,

Or crossed by vapoury streaks and clouds that move

35

Catching the lustre they in part reprove—

Nor sometimes felt a fitness in thy sway

To call up thoughts that shun the glare of day,

And make the serious happier than the gay?

Yes, lovely Moon! if thou so mildly bright

40

Dost rouse, yet surely in thy own despite,

To fiercer mood the phrenzy-stricken brain,

Let me a compensating faith maintain;

That there’s a sensitive, a tender, part

Which thou canst touch in every human heart,

45

For healing and composure.—But, as least

And mightiest billows ever have confessed

Thy domination; as the whole vast Sea

Feels through her lowest depths thy sovereignty;

So shines that countenance with especial grace

50

On them who urge the keel her plains to trace

Furrowing its way right onward. The most rude,

Cut off from home and country, may have stood—

Even till long gazing hath bedimmed his eye,

Or the mute rapture ended in a sigh—

55

Touched by accordance of thy placid cheer,

With some internal lights to memory dear,

Or fancies stealing forth to soothe the breast

Tired with its daily share of earth’s unrest,—

Gentle awakenings, visitations meek;

60

A kindly influence whereof few will speak,

Though it can wet with tears the hardiest cheek.

And when thy beauty in the shadowy cave

Is hidden, buried in its monthly grave;

Then, while the Sailor, mid an open sea

65

Swept by a favouring wind that leaves thought free,

Paces the deck—no star perhaps in sight,

718 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And nothing save the moving ship’s own light

To cheer the long dark hours of vacant night—

Oft with his musings does thy image blend,

70

In his mind’s eye thy crescent horns ascend,

And thou art still, O Moon, that sailor’s friend!

To the Moon

(rydal)

Queen of the stars!—so gentle, so benign,

That ancient Fable did to thee assign,

When darkness creeping o’er thy silver brow

Warned thee these upper regions to forego,

Alternate empire in the shades below—

5

A Bard, who, lately near the wide-spread sea

Traversed by gleaming ships, looked up to thee

With grateful thoughts, doth now thy rising hail

From the close confines of a shadowy vale.

Glory of night, conspicuous yet serene,

10

Nor less attractive when by glimpses seen

Through cloudy umbrage, well might that fair face,

And all those attributes of modest grace,

In days when Fancy wrought unchecked by fear,

Down to the green earth fetch thee from thy sphere,

15

To sit in leafy woods by fountains clear!

O still belov’d (for thine, meek Power, are charms

That fascinate the very Babe in arms,

While he, uplifted towards thee, laughs outright,

Spreading his little palms in his glad Mother’s sight)

20

O still belov’d, once worshipped! Time, that frowns

In his destructive flight on earthly crowns,

Spares thy mild splendour; still those far-shot beams

Tremble on dancing waves and rippling streams

With stainless touch, as chaste as when thy praise

25

Was sung by Virgin-choirs in festal lays;

And through dark trials still dost thou explore

Thy way for increase punctual as of yore,

When teeming Matrons—yielding to rude faith

In mysteries of birth and life and death

30

Last Poems (1820–1850) 719

And painful struggle and deliverance—prayed

Of thee to visit them with lenient aid.

What though the rites be swept away, the fanes

Extinct that echoed to the votive strains;

Yet thy mild aspect does not, cannot cease,

35

Love to promote and purity and peace;

And Fancy, unreproved, even yet may trace

Faint types of suffering in thy beamless face.

Then, silent Monitress! let us—not blind

To worlds unthought of till the searching mind

40

Of Science laid them open to mankind—

Told, also, how the voiceless heavens declare

God’s glory; and acknowledging thy share

In that blest charge; let us—without offence

To aught of highest, holiest, influence—

45

Receive whatever good ’tis given thee to dispense.

May sage and simple, catching with one eye

The moral intimations of the sky,

Learn from thy course, where’er their own be taken,

‘To look on tempests, and be never shaken;’

50

To keep with faithful step the appointed way

Eclipsing or eclipsed, by night or day,

And from example of thy monthly range

Gently to brook decline and fatal change;

Meek, patient, stedfast, and with loftier scope,

55

Than thy revival yields, for gladsome hope!

“To a good Man of most dear memory”

To a good Man of most dear memory

This Stone is sacred. Here he lies apart

From the great city where he first drew breath,

Was reared and taught; and humbly earned his bread,

To the strict labours of the merchant’s desk

5

By duty chained. Not seldom did those tasks

Tease, and the thought of time so spent depress,

His spirit, but the recompence was high;

Firm Independence, Bounty’s rightful sire;

  Charles Lamb died December 27, 834.

720 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Affections, warm as sunshine, free as air;

10

And when the precious hours of leisure came,

Knowledge and wisdom, gained from converse sweet

With books, or while he ranged the crowded streets

With a keen eye, and overflowing heart:

So genius triumphed over seeming wrong,

15

And poured out truth in works by thoughtful love

Inspired—works potent over smiles and tears.

And as round mountain-tops the lightning plays,

Thus innocently sported, breaking forth

As from a cloud of some grave sympathy,

20

Humour and wild instinctive wit, and all

The vivid flashes of his spoken words.

From the most gentle creature nursed in fields

Had been derived the name he bore—a name,

Wherever christian altars have been raised,

25

Hallowed to meekness and to innocence;

And if in him meekness at times gave way,

Provoked out of herself by troubles strange,

Many and strange, that hung about his life;

Still, at the centre of his being, lodged

30

A soul by resignation sanctified:

And if too often, self-reproached, he felt

That innocence belongs not to our kind,

A power that never ceased to abide in him,

Charity, ’mid the multitude of sins

35

That she can cover, left not his exposed

To an unforgiving judgment from just Heaven.

O, he was good, if e’er a good Man lived!



* * * * *

From a reflecting mind and sorrowing heart

Those simple lines flowed with an earnest wish,

40

Though but a doubting hope, that they might serve

Fitly to guard the precious dust of him

Whose virtues called them forth. That aim is missed;

For much that truth most urgently required

Had from a faltering pen been asked in vain:

45

Yet, haply, on the printed page received,

The imperfect record, there, may stand unblamed

Last Poems (1820–1850) 721

As long as verse of mine shall breathe the air

Of memory, or see the light of love.

Thou wert a scorner of the fields, my Friend!

50

But more in show than truth; and from the fields,

And from the mountains, to thy rural grave

Transported, my soothed spirit hovers o’er

Its green untrodden turf, and blowing flowers;

And taking up a voice shall speak (tho’ still

55

Awed by the theme’s peculiar sanctity

Which words less free presumed not even to touch)

Of that fraternal love, whose heaven-lit lamp

From infancy, through manhood, to the last

Of threescore years, and to thy latest hour,

60

Burnt on with ever-strengthening light, enshrined

Within thy bosom.

‘Wonderful’ hath been

The love established between man and man,

‘Passing the love of women;’ and between

Man and his help-mate in fast wedlock joined

65

Through God, is raised a spirit and soul of love

Without whose blissful influence Paradise

Had been no Paradise; and earth were now

A waste where creatures bearing human form,

Direst of savage beasts, would roam in fear,

70

Joyless and comfortless. Our days glide on;

And let him grieve who cannot choose but grieve

That he hath been an Elm without his Vine,

And her bright dower of clustering charities,

That, round his trunk and branches, might have clung

75

Enriching and adorning. Unto thee

Not so enriched, not so adorned, to thee

Was given (say rather thou of later birth

Wert given to her) a Sister—’tis a word

Timidly uttered, for she lives, the meek,

80

The self-restraining, and the ever-kind;

In whom thy reason and intelligent heart

Found—for all interests, hopes, and tender cares,

All softening, humanising, hallowing powers,

Whether withheld, or for her sake unsought—

85

722 The Poems of William Wordsworth

More than sufficient recompence!

Her love

(What weakness prompts the voice to tell it here?)

Was as the love of mothers; and when years,

Lifting the boy to man’s estate, had called

The long-protected to assume the part

90

Of a protector, the first filial tie

Was undissolved; and, in or out of sight,

Remained imperishably interwoven

With life itself. Thus, ’mid a shifting world,

Did they together testify of time

95

And season’s difference—a double tree

With two collateral stems sprung from one root;

Such were they—such thro’ life they might have been

In union, in partition only such;

Otherwise wrought the will of the Most High;

100

Yet, thro’ all visitations and all trials,

Still they were faithful; like two vessels launched

From the same beach one ocean to explore

With mutual help, and sailing—to their league

True, as inexorable winds, or bars

105

Floating or fixed of polar ice, allow.

But turn we rather, let my spirit turn

With thine, O silent and invisible Friend!

To those dear intervals, nor rare nor brief,

When reunited, and by choice withdrawn

110

From miscellaneous converse, ye were taught

That the remembrance of foregone distress,

And the worse fear of future ill (which oft

Doth hang around it, as a sickly child

Upon its mother) may be both alike

115

Disarmed of power to unsettle present good

So prized, and things inward and outward held

In such an even balance, that the heart

Acknowledges God’s grace, his mercy feels,

And in its depth of gratitude is still.

120

O gift divine of quiet sequestration!

The hermit, exercised in prayer and praise,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 723

And feeding daily on the hope of heaven,

Is happy in his vow, and fondly cleaves

To life-long singleness; but happier far

125

Was to your souls, and, to the thoughts of others,

A thousand times more beautiful appeared,

Your dual loneliness. The sacred tie

Is broken; yet why grieve? for Time but holds

His moiety in trust, till Joy shall lead

130

To the blest world where parting is unknown.

Extempore Effusion upon the Death of James Hogg

When first, descending from the moorlands,

I saw the Stream of Yarrow glide

Along a bare and open valley,

The Ettrick Shepherd was my guide.

When last along its banks I wandered,

5

Through groves that had begun to shed

Their golden leaves upon the pathways,

My steps the border minstrel led.

The mighty Minstrel breathes no longer,

Mid mouldering ruins low he lies;

10

And death upon the braes of Yarrow,

Has closed the Shepherd-poet’s eyes:

Nor has the rolling year twice measured,

From sign to sign, its stedfast course,

Since every mortal power of Coleridge

15

Was frozen at its marvellous source;

The ’rapt One, of the godlike forehead,

The heaven-eyed creature sleeps in earth:

And Lamb, the frolic and the gentle,

Has vanished from his lonely hearth.

20

Like clouds that rake the mountain-summits,

Or waves that own no curbing hand,

How fast has brother followed brother,

From sunshine to the sunless land!

724 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Yet I, whose lids from infant slumbers

25

Were earlier raised, remain to hear

A timid voice, that asks in whispers,

“Who next will drop and disappear?”

Our haughty life is crowned with darkness,

Like London with its own black wreath,

30

On which with thee, O Crabbe! forth-looking,

I gazed from Hampstead’s breezy heath.

As if but yesterday departed,

Thou too art gone before; but why,

O’er ripe fruit, seasonably gathered,

35

Should frail survivors heave a sigh?

Mourn rather for that holy Spirit,

Sweet as the spring, as ocean deep;

For Her who, ere her summer faded,

Has sunk into a breathless sleep.

40

No more of old romantic sorrows,

For slaughtered Youth or love-lorn Maid!

With sharper grief is Yarrow smitten,

And Ettrick mourns with her their Poet dead.

At the Grave of Burns

1803

I shiver, Spirit fierce and bold,

At thought of what I now behold:

As vapours breathed from dungeons cold

Strike pleasure dead,

So sadness comes from out the mould

5

Where Burns is laid.

And have I then thy bones so near,

And thou forbidden to appear?

As if it were thyself that’s here,

I shrink with pain;

10

1 In a note WW identified the five poets elegized in this poem: “Walter Scott died 21st Sept.

832. S. T. Coleridge 25th July, 834. Charles Lamb 27th Dec. 834. Geo. Crabbe 3rd

Feb. 832. Felicia Hemans 6th May, 835.”

Last Poems (1820–1850) 725

And both my wishes and my fear

Alike are vain.

Off weight—nor press on weight!—away

Dark thoughts!—they came, but not to stay;

With chastened feelings would I pay

15

The tribute due

To him, and aught that hides his clay

From mortal view.

Fresh as the flower, whose modest worth

He sang, his genius “glinted” forth,

20

Rose like a star that touching earth,

For so it seems,

Doth glorify its humble birth

With matchless beams.

The piercing eye, the thoughtful brow,

25

The struggling heart, where be they now?—

Full soon the Aspirant of the plough,

The prompt, the brave,

Slept, with the obscurest, in the low

And silent grave.

30

Well might I mourn that He was gone

Whose light I hailed when first it shone,

When, breaking forth as nature’s own,

It showed my youth

How Verse may build a princely throne

35

On humble truth.

Alas! where’er the current tends,

Regret pursues and with it blends,—

Huge Criffel’s hoary top ascends

By Skiddaw seen,—

40

Neighbours we were, and loving friends

We might have been;

True friends though diversely inclined;

But heart with heart and mind with mind,

Where the main fibres are entwined,

45

Through Nature’s skill,

726 The Poems of William Wordsworth

May even by contraries be joined

More closely still.

The tear will start, and let it flow;

Thou “poor Inhabitant below,”

50

At this dread moment—even so—

Might we together

Have sate and talked where gowans blow,

Or on wild heather.

What treasures would have then been placed

55

Within my reach; of knowledge graced

By fancy what a rich repast!

But why go on?—

Oh! spare to sweep, thou mournful blast,

His grave grass-grown.

60

There, too, a Son, his joy and pride,

(Not three weeks past the Stripling died,)

Lies gathered to his Father’s side,

Soul-moving sight!

Yet one to which is not denied

65

Some sad delight.

For he is safe, a quiet bed

Hath early found among the dead,

Harboured where none can be misled,

Wronged, or distrest;

70

And surely here it may be said

That such are blest.

And oh for Thee, by pitying grace

Checked oft-times in a devious race,

May He who halloweth the place

75

Where Man is laid

Receive thy Spirit in the embrace

For which it prayed!

Sighing I turned away; but ere

Night fell I heard, or seemed to hear,

80

Music that sorrow comes not near,

A ritual hymn,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 727

Chaunted in love that casts out fear

By Seraphim.

Thoughts

suggested the day following on the banks of nith,

near the poet’s residence

Too frail to keep the lofty vow

That must have followed when his brow

Was wreathed—”The Vision” tells us how—

With holly spray,

He faultered, drifted to and fro,

5

And passed away.

Well might such thoughts, dear Sister, throng

Our minds when, lingering all too long,

Over the grave of Burns we hung

In social grief—

10

Indulged as if it were a wrong

To seek relief.

But, leaving each unquiet theme

Where gentlest judgments may misdeem,

And prompt to welcome every gleam

15

Of good and fair,

Let us beside this limpid Stream

Breathe hopeful air.

Enough of sorrow, wreck, and blight;

Think rather of those moments bright

20

When to the consciousness of right

His course was true,

When Wisdom prospered in his sight

And virtue grew.

Yes, freely let our hearts expand,

25

Freely as in youth’s season bland,

When side by side, his Book in hand,

We wont to stray,

Our pleasure varying at command

Of each sweet Lay.

30

728 The Poems of William Wordsworth

How oft inspired must he have trod

These pathways, yon far-stretching road!

There lurks his home; in that Abode,

With mirth elate,

Or in his nobly-pensive mood,

35

The Rustic sate.

Proud thoughts that Image overawes,

Before it humbly let us pause,

And ask of Nature, from what cause

And by what rules

40

She trained her Burns to win applause

That shames the Schools.

Through busiest street and loneliest glen

Are felt the flashes of his pen;

He rules mid winter snows, and when

45

Bees fill their hives;

Deep in the general heart of men

His power survives.

What need of fields in some far clime

Where Heroes, Sages, Bards sublime,

50

And all that fetched the flowing rhyme

From genuine springs,

Shall dwell together till old Time

Folds up his wings?

Sweet Mercy! to the gates of Heaven

55

This Minstrel lead, his sins forgiven;

The rueful conflict, the heart riven

With vain endeavour,

And memory of Earth’s bitter leaven,

Effaced for ever.

60

But why to Him confine the prayer,

When kindred thoughts and yearnings bear

On the frail heart the purest share

With all that live?—

The best of what we do and are,

65

Just God, forgive!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 729

A Night Thought.

Lo! where the Moon along the sky

Sails with her happy destiny;

Oft is she hid from mortal eye

Or dimly seen,

But when the clouds asunder fly

5

How bright her mien!

Far different we—a froward race,

Thousands though rich in Fortune’s grace

With cherished sullenness of pace

Their way pursue,

10

Ingrates who wear a smileless face

The whole year through.

If kindred humours e’er would make

My spirit droop for drooping’s sake,

From Fancy following in thy wake,

15

Bright ship of heaven!

A counter impulse let me take

And be forgiven.

On an Event in Col: Evans’s redoubted performances in Spain

The Ball whizzed by—it grazed his ear,

And whispered as it flew,

I only touch—not take—don’t fear

For both, my honest Buccaneer!

Are to the Pillory due.

November, 1836

Even so for me a Vision sanctified

The sway of Death; long ere mine eyes had seen

Thy countenance—the still rapture of thy mien—

When thou, dear Sister! wert become Death’s Bride:

No trace of pain or languor could abide

5

That change:—age on thy brow was smoothed—thy cold

Wan cheek at once was privileged to unfold

A loveliness to living youth denied.

Oh! if within me hope should e’er decline,

730 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The lamp of faith, lost Friend! too faintly burn;

10

Then may that heaven-revealing smile of thine,

The bright assurance, visibly return:

And let my spirit in that power divine

Rejoice, as, through that power, it ceased to mourn.

The Widow on Windermere Side

i

How beautiful, when up a lofty height

Honour ascends among the humblest poor,

And feeling sinks as deep! See there the door

Of One, a Widow, left beneath a weight

Of blameless debt. On evil Fortune’s spite

5

She wasted no complaint, but strove to make

A just repayment, both for conscience-sake

And that herself and hers should stand upright

In the world’s eye. Her work when daylight failed

Paused not, and through the depth of night she kept

10

Such earnest vigils, that belief prevailed

With some, the noble creature never slept;

But, one by one, the hand of death assailed

Her children from her inmost heart bewept.

ii

The Mother mourned, nor ceased her tears to flow,

15

Till a winter’s noon-day placed her buried Son

Before her eyes, last child of many gone—

His raiment of angelic white, and lo!

His very feet bright as the dazzling snow

Which they are touching; yea far brighter, even

20

As that which comes, or seems to come, from heaven,

Surpasses aught these elements can show.

Much she rejoiced, trusting that from that hour

Whate’er befel she could not grieve or pine;

But the Transfigured, in and out of season,

25

Appeared, and spiritual presence gained a power

Over material forms that mastered reason.

Oh, gracious Heaven, in pity make her thine!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 731

iii

But why that prayer? as if to her could come

No good but by the way that leads to bliss

30

Through Death,—so judging we should judge amiss.

Since reason failed want is her threatened doom,

Yet frequent transports mitigate the gloom:

Nor of those maniacs is she one that kiss

The air or laugh upon a precipice;

35

No, passing through strange sufferings toward the tomb,

She smiles as if a martyr’s crown were won:

Oft, when light breaks through clouds or waving trees,

With outspread arms and fallen upon her knees

The Mother hails in her descending Son

40

An Angel, and in earthly ecstacies

Her own angelic glory seems begun.

To the Planet Venus,

upon its approximation (as an evening star) to the earth,

january 1838

What strong allurement draws, what spirit guides

Thee, Vesper! brightening still, as if the nearer

Thou com’st to man’s abode the spot grew dearer

Night after night? True is it, Nature hides

Her treasures less and less—Man now presides,

5

In power, where once he trembled in his weakness;

Knowledge advances with gigantic strides;

But are we aught enriched in love and meekness?

Aught dost thou see, bright Star! of pure and wise

More than in humbler times graced human story;

10

That makes our hearts more apt to sympathise

With heaven, our souls more fit for future glory,

When earth shall vanish from our closing eyes,

Ere we lie down in our last dormitory?

“Wouldst Thou be gathered to Christ’s chosen flock”

Wouldst Thou be gathered to Christ’s chosen flock

Shun the broad way too easily explored

And let thy path be hewn out of the rock

732 The Poems of William Wordsworth

The living Rock of God’s eternal word.

1838

“Oh what a Wreck! how changed in mien and speech!”

Oh what a Wreck! how changed in mien and speech!

Yet—though dread Powers, that work in mystery, spin

Entanglings of the brain; though shadows stretch

O’er the chilled heart—reflect; far, far within

Hers is a holy Being, freed from Sin.

5

She is not what she seems, a forlorn wretch,

But delegated Spirits comfort fetch

To Her from heights that Reason may not win.

Like Children, She is privileged to hold

Divine communion; both do live and move,

10

Whate’er to shallow Faith their ways unfold,

Inly illumined by Heaven’s pitying love;

Love pitying innocence not long to last,

In them—in Her our sins and sorrows past.

Valedictory Sonnet

Serving no haughty Muse, my hands have here

Disposed some cultured Flowerets (drawn from spots

Where they bloomed singly, or in scattered knots)

Each kind in several beds of one parterre;

Both to allure the casual Loiterer,

5

And that, so placed, my nurslings may requite

Studious regard with opportune delight,

Nor be unthanked, unless I fondly err.

But, metaphor dismissed, and thanks apart,

Reader, farewell! My last words let them be,—

10

If in this book Fancy and Truth agree;

If simple Nature trained by careful Art

Through It have won a passage to thy heart;

Grant me thy love, I crave no other fee!

  WW pays tribute to Edith Southey, Robert Southey’s wife.

2  WW  ended  a  section  of  sonnets  in  Poems of Early and Late Years  (842)  with  this sonnet.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 733

“Said red-ribbon’d Evans”

Said red-ribbon’d Evans

‘My legions in Spain

Were at sixes and sevens;

Now they’re famished or slain:

But no fault of mine,

5

For like brave Philip Sidney

In campaigning I shine,

A true knight of his kidney.

Sound flogging and fighting;

No Chief, on my troth,

10

Eer took such delight in

As I in them both.

Fontarabbia can tell

How my eyes watched the foe,

Hernani knows well

15

That our feet were not slow

Our hospitals, too,

Are matchless in story,

Where her thousands fate slew

All panting for glory.”

20

Alas for this Hero

His fame touched the skies,

Then fell below Zero;

Never never to rise!

For him to Westminster

25

Did Prudence convey,

There safe as a Spinster

The Patriot to play.

But why be so glad on

His feats, or his fall?

30

He’s got his red ribbon

And laughs at us all.—

“Hark! ’tis the Thrush, undaunted, undeprest”

Hark! ’tis the Thrush, undaunted, undeprest,

By twilight premature of cloud and rain;

Nor does that roaring wind deaden his strain

Who carols thinking of his Love and nest,

734 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And seems, as more incited, still more blest.

5

Thanks, thou hast snapped a fire-side Prisoner’s chain,

Exulting Warbler! eased a fretted brain,

And in a moment charmed my cares to rest.

Yes, I will forth, bold Bird! and front the blast,

That we may sing together, if thou wilt,

10

So loud, so clear, my Partner through life’s day,

Mute in her nest love-chosen, if not love-built

Like thine, shall gladden, as in seasons past,

Thrilled by loose snatches of the social Lay.

Rydal mount, 1838.

“’Tis He whose yester-evening’s high disdain”

’Tis He whose yester-evening’s high disdain

Beat back the roaring storm—but how subdued

His day-break note, a sad vicissitude!

Does the hour’s drowsy weight his glee restrain?

Or, like the nightingale, her joyous vein

5

Pleased to renounce, does this dear Thrush attune

His voice to suit the temper of yon Moon

Doubly depressed, setting, and in her wane?

Rise, tardy Sun! and let the Songster prove

(The balance trembling between night and morn

10

No longer) with what ecstasy upborne

He can pour forth his spirit. In heaven above,

And earth below, they best can serve true gladness

Who meet most feelingly the calls of sadness.

A Plea for Authors. May, 1838

Failing impartial measure to dispense

To every suitor, Equity is lame;

And social Justice, stript of reverence

For natural rights, a mockery and a shame;

Law but a servile dupe of false pretence,

5

If, guarding grossest things from common claim

Now and for ever, She, to works that came

From mind and spirit, grudge a short-lived fence.

“What! lengthened privilege, a lineal tie

For books! ” Yes, heartless Ones, or be it proved

10

Last Poems (1820–1850) 735

That ’tis a fault in Us to have lived and loved

Like others, with like temporal hopes to die;

No public harm that Genius from her course

Be turned; and streams of truth dried up, even at their source!

Protest against the Ballot

1838

Forth rushed, from Envy sprung and Self-conceit,

A Power misnamed the spirit of reform,

And through the astonished Island swept in storm,

Threatening to lay all Orders at her feet

That crossed her way. Now stoops she to entreat

5

License to hide at intervals her head,

Where she may work, safe, undisquieted,

In a close Box, covert for Justice meet.

St. George of England! keep a watchful eye

Fixed on the Suitor; frustrate her request—

10

Stifle her hope; for, if the State comply,

From such Pandorian gift may come a Pest

Worse than the Dragon that bowed low his crest,

Pierced by the spear in glorious victory.

Composed on the same Morning

Life with yon Lambs, like day, is just begun,

Yet Nature seems to them a heavenly guide.

Does joy approach? they meet the coming tide;

And sullenness avoid, as now they shun

Pale twilight’s lingering glooms,—and in thesun

5

Couch near their dams, with quiet satisfied;

Or gambol—each with his shadow at his side

Varying its shape wherever he may run.

As they from turf yet hoar with sleepy dew

All turn, and court the shining and the green,

10

Where herbs look up, and opening flowers are seen;

Why to God’s goodness cannot We be true,

And so, His gifts and promises between,

Feed to the last on pleasures ever new?

  WW originally paired this sonnet with  Composed on a May-Morning. 1838 (“If with old love of you, dear Hills! I share”), in  Memorials of a Tour in Italy, above.

736 The Poems of William Wordsworth

A Poet to his Grandchild

(sequel to the foregoing)

“Son of my buried Son, while thus thy hand

“Is clasping mine, it saddens me to think

“How Want may press thee down, and with thee sink

“Thy Children left unfit, through vain demand

“Of culture, even to feel or understand

5

“My simplest Lay that to their memory

“May cling;—hard fate! which haply need not be

“Did Justice mould the Statutes of the Land.

“A Book time-cherished and an honoured name

“Are high rewards; but bound they nature’s claim

10

“Or Reasons? No—hopes spun in timid line

“From out the bosom of a modest home

“Extend through unambitious years to come,

“My careless Little-one, for thee and thine!”





May 23rd.

“Come gentle Sleep, Death’s image tho’ thou art”

Come gentle Sleep, Death’s image tho’ thou art

Come share my couch nor speedily depart

How sweet thus living without life to lie

Thus without death how sweet it is to die.

[Two Translations from Michael Angelo]

i. “Grateful is Sleep; more grateful still to be”

Grateful is Sleep; more grateful still to be

Of marble; for while Shameless wrong and woe

Prevail ’tis best to neither hear nor see:

Then, wake me not, I pray you. Hush, speak low.

  Sequel to  A Plea for Authors. May, 838.

2  From the Latin of Thomas Warton.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 737

ii. Michael Angelo in reply to the passage upon his statue

of Night sleeping

Night speaks.

Grateful is Sleep, my life in stone bound fast

More grateful still: while wrong and shame shall last

On me can time no happier state bestow

Than to be left unconscious of the woe

Ah then lest you awaken me, speak low.

5

With a Small Present

A prized memorial this slight work may prove

As bought in Charity and given in Love.

“A sad and lovely face, with upturn’d eyes”

A sad and lovely face, with upturn’d eyes,

Tearless, yet full of grief.—How heavenly fair

How saintlike is the look those features wear!

Such sorrow is more lovely in its guise

Than joy itself—for underneath it lies

5

A calmness that betokens strength to bear

Earth’s petty grievances—its toil and care:—

A spirit that can look through clouded skies,

And see the blue beyond.—Type of that grace

That lit Her holy features, from whose womb

10

Issued the blest Redeemer of our race—

How little dost thou speak of earthly gloom!

As little as the unblemish’d Queen of Night,

When envious clouds shut out her silver light.

“Lo! where she stands fixed in a saint-like trance”

Lo! where she stands fixed in a saint-like trance,

One upward hand, as if she needed rest

From rapture, lying softly on her breast!

Nor wants her eyeball an ethereal glance;

But not the less—nay more—that countenance,

5

While thus illumined, tells of painful strife

For a sick heart made weary of this life

By love, long crossed with adverse circumstance.

738 The Poems of William Wordsworth

—Would she were now as when she hoped to pass

At God’s appointed hour to them who tread

10

Heaven’s sapphire pavement, yet breathed well content,

Well pleased, her foot should print earth’s common grass,

Lived thankful for day’s light, for daily bread,

For health, and time in obvious duty spent.

To a Painter

All praise the Likeness by thy skill portrayed;

But ’tis a fruitless task to paint for me,

Who, yielding not to changes Time has made,

By the habitual light of memory see

Eyes unbedimmed, see bloom that cannot fade,

5

And smiles that from their birth-place ne’er shall flee

Into the land where ghosts and phantoms be;

And, seeing this, own nothing in its stead.

Couldst thou go back into far-distant years,

Or share with me, fond thought! that inward eye,

10

Then, and then only, Painter! could thy Art

The visual powers of Nature satisfy,

Which hold, whate’er to common sight appears,

Their sovereign empire in a faithful heart.

On the same Subject

Though I beheld at first with blank surprise

This Work, I now have gazed on it so long

I see its truth with unreluctant eyes;

O, my Belovèd! I have done thee wrong,

Conscious of blessedness, but, whence it sprung,

5

Ever too heedless, as I now perceive:

Morn into noon did pass, noon into eve,

And the old day was welcome as the young,

As welcome, and as beautiful—in sooth

More beautiful, as being a thing more holy:

10

Thanks to thy virtues, to the eternal youth

Of all thy goodness, never melancholy;

To thy large heart and humble mind, that cast

  WW wrote this and the following sonnet on seeing the portrait of Mary Wordsworth painted

by the miniature portrait painter, Margaret Gillies (803–887).

Last Poems (1820–1850) 739

Into one vision, future, present, past.

[Four Poems on a Portrait]

“More may not be by human Art exprest”

More may not be by human Art exprest

But Love, far mightier Power, can add the rest,

Add to the picture which those lines present

All that is wanting for my heart’s content:

The braided hair a majesty displays

5

Of brow that thinks and muses while I gaze,

And O what meekness in those lips that share

A seeming intercourse with vital air,

Such faint sweet sign of life as Nature shows

A sleeping infant or the breathing rose;

10

And in that eye where others gladly see

Earth’s purest light Heaven opens upon me.

“Art, Nature, Love here claim united praise”

Art, Nature, Love here claim united praise.

The forehead thinks—it muses while I gaze,

And the light breaking from the eyes to me

For hearts content is all it seems to be,

O that the lips though motionless might share

5

Some vital intercourse with silent air

Such faint sweet sign of life as Nature shows

The sleeping infant or the breathing rose.—

Upon the sight of the Portrait of a female Friend—

Upon those lips, those placid lips, I look,

Nor grieve that they are still and mute as death,

I gaze—I read as in an Angel’s Book,

And ask not speech from them, but long for breath.

wm wordsworth—

Ambleside,

10th July,

1840

  The following poems on painting arose out of several portraits done by Margaret Gillies

during her visit to Rydal Mount in the fall and winter of 839.

740 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Upon a Portrait

We gaze, not sad to think that we must die

And part; but that the love this Friend hath sown

Within our hearts, the love whose Flower hath blown

Bright as if heaven were ever in its eye

Shall pass so soon from human memory

5

And not by strangers to our blood alone

But by our best descendants be unknown

Unthought-of this may surely claim a sigh.

But blessed Art! we yield not to dejection

Thou against time so feelingly dost strive

10

Where’er preserved in this most true reflection

The Image of her Soul is kept alive

Some lingering fragrance of the pure affection,

Whose flower with us will vanish, must survive.

“The Star that comes at close of day to shine”

The Star that comes at close of day to shine

More heavenly bright than when it leads the Morn

Is Friendship’s Emblem whether the forlorn

She visiteth; or shedding light benign

Thro’ shades that solemnize life’s calm decline

5

Doth make the happy happier. This have we

Learnt, Isabel! from thy society

Which now we too unwillingly resign

Tho’ for brief absence. But farewell! The page

Glimmers before my sight, thro’ thankful tears,

10

Such as start forth, not seldom to approve

Our truth, when we, old yet unchilled by age

Call Thee, tho’ known but for a few fleet years

The heart-affianced Sister of our love.

Poor Robin

Now when the primrose makes a splendid show,

And lilies face the March-winds in full blow,

And humbler growths as moved with one desire

Put on, to welcome spring, their best attire,

  “The small wild Geranium, known by that name.” WW

Last Poems (1820–1850) 741

Poor Robin is yet flowerless, but how gay

5

With his red stalks upon this sunny day!

And, as his tuft of leaves he spreads, content

With a hard bed and scanty nourishment,

Mixed with the green some shine, not lacking power

To rival summer’s brightest scarlet flower;

10

And flowers they well might seem to passers-by

If looked at only with a careless eye;

Flowers—or a richer produce (did it suit

The season) sprinklings of ripe strawberry fruit.

But, while a thousand pleasures come unsought,

15

Why fix upon his want or wealth a thought?

Is the string touched in prelude to a lay

Of pretty fancies that would round him play

When all the world acknowledged elfin sway?

Or does it suit our humour to commend

20

Poor Robin as a sure and crafty friend,

Whose practice teaches, spite of names to show

Bright colours whether they deceive or no?—

Nay, we would simply praise the free good-will

With which, though slighted, he, on naked hill

25

Or in warm valley, seeks his part to fill;

Cheerful alike if bare of flowers as now,

Or when his tiny gems shall deck his brow:

Yet more, we wish that men by men despised,

And such as lift their foreheads overprized,

30

Should sometimes think, where’er they chance to spy

This child of Nature’s own humility,

What recompense is kept in store or left

For all that seem neglected or bereft;

With what nice care equivalents are given,

35

How just, how bountiful, the hand of Heaven.

march, 1840.

The Cuckoo-clock

Wouldst thou be taught, when sleep has taken flight,

By a sure voice that can most sweetly tell,

How far-off yet a glimpse of morning light,

And if to lure the truant back be well,

742 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Forbear to covet a Repeater’s stroke,

5

That, answering to thy touch, will sound the hour;

Better provide thee with a Cuckoo-clock,

For service hung behind thy chamber door;

And in due time the soft spontaneous shock,

The double note, as if with living power,

10

Will to composure lead—or make thee blithe as bird in bower.

List, Cuckoo—Cuckoo!—oft though tempests howl,

Or nipping frost remind thee trees are bare,

How cattle pine, and droop the shivering fowl,

Thy spirits will seem to feed on balmy air;

15

I speak with knowledge,—by that Voice beguiled,

Thou wilt salute old memories as they throng

Into thy heart; and fancies, running wild

Through fresh green fields, and budding groves among,

Will make thee happy, happy as a child;

20

Of sunshine wilt thou think, and flowers, and song,

And breathe as in a world where nothing can go wrong.

And know—that, even for him who shuns the day

And nightly tosses on a bed of pain;

Whose joys, from all but memory swept away,

25

Must come unhoped for, if they come again;

Know—that, for him whose waking thoughts, severe

As his distress is sharp, would scorn my theme,

The mimic notes, striking upon his ear

In sleep, and intermingling with his dream,

30

Could from sad regions send him to a dear

Delightful land of verdure, shower and gleam,

To mock the wandering Voice beside some haunted stream.

O bounty without measure! while the grace

Of Heaven doth in such wise, from humblest springs,

35

Pour pleasure forth, and solaces that trace

A mazy course along familiar things,

Well may our hearts have faith that blessings come,

Streaming from founts above the starry sky,

With angels when their own untroubled home

40

They leave, and speed on nightly embassy

To visit earthly chambers,—and for whom?

Last Poems (1820–1850) 743

Yea, both for souls who God’s forbearance try,

And those that seek his help, and for his mercy sigh.

The Norman Boy

High on a broad unfertile tract of forest-skirted Down,

Nor kept by Nature for herself, nor made by man his own,

From home and company remote and every playful joy,

Served, tending a few sheep and goats, a ragged Norman Boy.

Him never saw I, nor the spot, but from an English Dame,

5

Stranger to me and yet my friend, a simple notice came,

With suit that I would speak in verse of that sequestered child

Whom, one bleak winter’s day, she met upon the dreary Wild.

His flock, along the woodland’s edge with relics sprinkled o’er

Of last night’s snow, beneath a sky threatening the fall of more,

10

Where tufts of herbage tempted each, were busy at their feed,

And the poor Boy was busier still, with work of anxious heed.

There was he, where of branches rent and withered and decayed,

For covert from the keen north wind, his hands a hut had made.

A tiny tenement, forsooth, and frail, as needs must be

15

A thing of such materials framed, by a builder such as he.

The hut stood finished by his pains, nor seemingly lacked aught

That skill or means of his could add, but the architect had wrought

Some limber twigs into a Cross, well-shaped with fingers nice,

To be engrafted on the top of his small edifice.

20

That Cross he now was fastening there, as the surest power and best

For supplying all deficiencies, all wants of the rude nest

In which, from burning heat, or tempest driving far and wide,

The innocent Boy, else shelterless, his lonely head must hide.

That Cross belike he also raised as a standard for the true

25

And faithful service of his heart in the worst that might ensue

Of hardship and distressful fear, amid the houseless waste

Where he, in his poor self so weak, by Providence was placed.

— Here, Lady! might I cease; but nay, let us before we part

With this dear holy Shepherd-boy breathe a prayer of earnest heart, 30

That unto him, where’er shall lie his life’s appointed way,

The Cross, fixed in his soul, may prove an all-sufficing stay.

744 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Sequel to the Norman Boy

Just as those final words were penned, the sun broke out in power,

And gladdened all things; but, as chanced, within that very hour,

Air blackened, thunder growled, fire flashed from clouds that hid the sky,

And, for the Subject of my Verse, I heaved a pensive sigh.

Nor could my heart by second thoughts from heaviness be cleared,

5

For bodied forth before my eyes the cross-crowned hut appeared;

And, while around it storm as fierce seemed troubling earth and air,

I saw, within, the Norman Boy kneeling alone in prayer.

The Child, as if the thunder’s voice spake with articulate call,

Bowed meekly in submissive fear, before the Lord of All;

10

His lips were moving; and his eyes, upraised to sue for grace,

With soft illumination cheered the dimness of that place.

How beautiful is holiness!—What wonder if the sight,

Almost as vivid as a dream, produced a dream at night!

It came with sleep and showed the Boy, no cherub, not transformed, 15

But the poor ragged Thing whose ways my human heart had warmed.

Me had the dream equipped with wings, so I took him in my arms,

And lifted from the grassy floor, stilling his faint alarms,

And bore him high through yielding air my debt of love to pay,

By giving him, for both our sakes, an hour of holiday.

20

I whispered, “Yet a little while, dear Child! thou art my own,

To show thee some delightful thing, in country or in town.

What shall it be? a mirthful throng, or that holy place and calm

St. Denis, filled with royal tombs, or the Church of Notre Dame?

“St. Ouen’s golden Shrine? or choose what else would please thee most 25

Of any wonder Normandy, or all proud France, can boast!”

“My Mother,” said the Boy, “was born near to a blessèd Tree,

The Chapel Oak of Allonville; good Angel, show it me!”

On wings, from broad and steadfast poise let loose by this reply,

For Allonville, o’er down and dale, away then did we fly;

30

O’er town and tower we flew, and fields in May’s fresh verdure drest;

The wings they did not flag; the Child, though grave, was not deprest.

But who shall show, to waking sense, the gleam of light that broke

Forth from his eyes, when first the Boy looked down on that huge oak,

For length of days so much revered, so famous where it stands

35

Last Poems (1820–1850) 745

For twofold hallowing—Nature’s care, and work of human hands?

Strong as an Eagle with my charge I glided round and round

The wide-spread boughs, for view of door, window, and stair that wound

Gracefully up the gnarled trunk; nor left we unsurveyed

The pointed steeple peering forth from the centre of the shade.

40

I lighted—opened with soft touch a grated iron door,

Past softly, leading in the Boy; and, while from roof to floor

From floor to roof all round his eyes the wondering creature cast,

Pleasure on pleasure crowded in, each livelier than the last.

For, deftly framed with the trunk, a sanctuary showed,

45

By light of lamp and precious stones, that glimmered here, there glowed,

Shrine, Altar, Image, Offerings hung in sign of gratitude;

And swift as lightning went the time, ere speech I thus renewed:

“Hither the Afflicted come, as thou hast heard thy Mother say,

And, kneeling, supplication make to our Lady de la Paix;

50

What mournful sighs have here been heard, and, when the voice was stopt

By sudden pangs, what bitter tears have on this pavement dropt!

“Poor Shepherd of the naked Down, a favoured lot is thine,

Far happier lot, dear Boy, than brings full many to this shrine;

From body pains and pains of soul thou needest no release,

55

Thy hours as they flow on are spent, if not in joy, in peace.

“Then offer up thy heart to God in thankfulness and praise,

Give to Him prayers, and many thoughts, in thy most busy days;

And in His sight the fragile Cross, on thy small hut, will be

Holy as that which long hath crowned the Chapel of this Tree;

60

“Holy as that far seen which crowns the sumptuous Church in Rome

Where thousands meet to worship God under a mighty Dome;

He sees the bending multitude, he hears the choral rites,

Yet not the less, in children’s hymns and lonely prayer, delights.

“God for his service needeth not proud work of human skill;

65

They please him best who labour most to do in peace his will:

So let us strive to live, and to our Spirits will be given

Such wings as, when our Saviour calls, shall bear us up to heaven.”

The Boy no answer made by words, but, so earnest was his look,

Sleep fled, and with it fled the dream—recorded in this book,

70

Lest all that passed should melt away in silence from my mind,

746 The Poems of William Wordsworth

As visions still more bright have done, and left no trace behind.

And though the dream, to thee, poor Boy! to thee from whom it flowed,

Was nothing, nor e’er can be aught, ’twas bounteously bestowed,

If I may dare to cherish hope that gentle eyes will read

75

Not loth, and listening Little-ones, heart-touched, their fancies feed.

At Furness Abbey

Here, where, of havoc tired and rash undoing,

Man left this Structure to become Time’s prey

A soothing spirit follows in the way

That Nature takes, her counter-work pursuing.

See how her Ivy clasps the sacred Ruin

5

Fall to prevent or beautify decay;

And, on the mouldered walls, how bright, how gay,

The flowers in pearly dews their bloom renewing!

Thanks to the place, blessings upon the hour;

Even as I speak the rising Sun’s first smile

10

Gleams on the grass-crowned top of yon tall Tower

Whose cawing occupants with joy proclaim

Prescriptive title to the shattered pile

Where, Cavendish, thine seems nothing but a name!

On a Portrait of the Duke of Wellington, upon the Field of Waterloo, by

Haydon

By Art’s bold privilege Warrior and War-horse stand

On ground yet strewn with their last battle’s wreck;

Let the Steed glory while his Master’s hand

Lies fixed for ages on his conscious neck;

But by the Chieftain’s look, though at his side

5

Hangs that day’s treasured sword, how firm a check

Is given to triumph and all human pride!

Yon trophied Mound shrinks to a shadowy speck

In his calm presence! Him the mighty deed

Elates not, brought far nearer the grave’s rest,

10

As shows that time-worn face, for he such seed

Has sown as yields, we trust, the fruit of fame

In Heaven; hence no one blushes for thy name,

  Benjamin Robert Haydon (786–846) specialized in large historical paintings in oil.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 747

Conqueror, ’mid some sad thoughts, divinely blest!

“Sigh no more Ladies, sigh no more”

Sigh no more Ladies, sigh no more,

Men were deceivers ever!

So says the old Ballad but

Fair Ladies believe it never!

“The Crescent-moon, the Star of Love”

The Crescent-moon, the Star of Love,

Glories of evening, as ye there are seen

With but a span of sky between—

Speak one of you, my doubts remove,

Which is the attendant Page and which the Queen?

“Let more ambitious Poets take the heart”

Let more ambitious Poets take the heart

By storm, my verse would rather win its way

With gentle violence into minds well-pleased

To give it welcome with a prompt return

Of their own sweetness, as March-flowers that shrink

5

From the sharp wind do readily yield up

Their choicest fragrance to a southern breeze

Ruffling their bosoms with its genial breath.

Epitaph in the Chapel-yard of Langdale, Westmoreland

By playful smiles, (alas too oft

A sad heart’s sunshine) by a soft

And gentle nature, and a free

Yet modest hand of charity,

Through life was owen lloyd endeared

5

To young and old; and how revered

Had been that pious spirit, a tide

Of humble mourners testified,

When, after pains dispensed to prove

The measure of God’s chastening love,

10

Here, brought from far, his corse found rest,—

Fulfilment of his own request;—

Urged less for this Yew’s shade, though he

748 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Planted with such fond hope the tree;

Less for the love of stream and rock,

15

Dear as they were, than that his Flock,

When they no more their Pastor’s voice

Could hear to guide them in their choice

Through good and evil, help might have,

Admonished, from his silent grave,

20

Of righteousness, of sins forgiven,

For peace on earth and bliss in heaven.

“Though Pulpits and the Desk may fail”

Though Pulpits and the Desk may fail

To reach the hearts of worldly men;

Yet may the grace of God prevail

And touch them through the Poet’s pen.

wm. wordsworth

bath, April 28th, 1841

The Wishing-gate Destroyed

’Tis gone—with old belief and dream

That round it clung, and tempting scheme

Released from fear and doubt;

And the bright landscape too must lie,

By this blank wall, from every eye,

5

Relentlessly shut out.

Bear witness ye who seldom passed

That opening—but a look ye cast

Upon the lake below,

What spirit-stirring power it gained

10

From faith which here was entertained,

Though reason might say no.

Blest is that ground, where, o’er the springs

Of history, glory claps her wings,

Fame sheds the exulting tear;

15

Yet earth is wide, and many a nook

  “See ‘The Wishing-Gate.’ Having been told, upon what I thought good authority, that this

gate had been destroyed, and the opening where it hung walled up, I gave vent immedi-

ately to my feelings in these stanzas.  But going to the place some time after I found, with

much delight, my old favourite unmolested.” WW’s earlier poem is included above.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 749

Unheard of is, like this, a book

For modest meanings dear.

It was in sooth a happy thought

That grafted, on so fair a spot,

20

So confident a token

Of coming good;—the charm is fled;

Indulgent centuries spun a thread,

Which one harsh day has broken.

Alas! for him who gave the word;

25

Could he no sympathy afford,

Derived from earth or heaven,

To hearts so oft by hope betrayed;

Their very wishes wanted aid

Which here was freely given?

30

Where, for the love-lorn maiden’s wound,

Will now so readily be found

A balm of expectation?

Anxious for far-off children, where

Shall mothers breathe a like sweet air

35

Of home-felt consolation?

And not unfelt will prove the loss

’Mid trivial care and petty cross

And each day’s shallow grief;

Though the most easily beguiled

40

Were oft among the first that smiled

At their own fond belief.

If still the reckless change we mourn,

A reconciling thought may turn

To harm that might lurk here,

45

Ere judgment prompted from within

Fit aims, with courage to begin,

And strength to persevere.

Not Fortune’s slave is man: our state

Enjoins, while firm resolves await

50

On wishes just and wise,

That strenuous action follow both,

And life be one perpetual growth

750 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Of heaven-ward enterprise.

So taught, so trained, we boldly face

55

All accidents of time and place;

Whatever props may fail,

Trust in that sovereign law can spread

New glory o’er the mountain’s head,

Fresh beauty through the vale.

60

That truth informing mind and heart,

The simplest cottager may part,

Ungrieved, with charm and spell;

And yet, lost Wishing-gate, to thee

The voice of grateful memory

65

Shall bid a kind farewell!

Sonnet

Though the bold wings of Poesy affect

The clouds and wheel around the mountain tops

Rejoicing, from her loftiest height she drops

Well pleased to skim the plain with wild flowers deckt,

Or muse in solemn grove whose shades protect

5

The lingering dew—there steals along, or stops

Watching the least small bird that round her hops,

Or creeping worm, with sensitive respect.

Her functions are they therefore less divine,

Her thoughts less deep, or void of grave intent

10

Her simplest fancies? Should that fear be thine,

Aspiring Votary, ere thy hand present

One offering, kneel before her modest shrine,

With brow in penitential sorrow bent!

Suggested by a Picture of the Bird of Paradise

The gentlest Poet, with free thoughts endowed,

And a true master of the glowing strain,

Might scan the narrow province with disdain

That to the Painter’s skill is here allowed.

This, this the Bird of Paradise! disclaim

5

The daring thought, forget the name;

This the Sun’s Bird, whom Glendoveers might own

Last Poems (1820–1850) 751

As no unworthy Partner in their flight

Through seas of ether, where the ruffling sway

Of nether air’s rude billows is unknown;

10

Whom Sylphs, if e’er for casual pastime they

Through India’s spicy regions wing their way,

Might bow to as their Lord. What character,

O sovereign Nature! I appeal to thee,

Of all thy feathered progeny

15

Is so unearthly, and what shape so fair?

So richly decked in variegated down,

Green, sable, shining yellow, shadowy brown,

Tints softly with each other blended,

Hues doubtfully begun and ended;

20

Or intershooting, and to sight

Lost and recovered, as the rays of light

Glance on the conscious plumes touched here and there?

Full surely, when with such proud gifts of life

Began the pencil’s strife,

25

O’erweening Art was caught as in a snare.

A sense of seemingly presumptuous wrong

Gave the first impulse to the Poet’s song;

But, of his scorn repenting soon, he drew

A juster judgment from a calmer view;

30

And, with a spirit freed from discontent,

Thankfully took an effort that was meant

Not with God’s bounty, Nature’s love, to vie,

Or made with hope to please that inward eye

Which ever strives in vain itself to satisfy,

35

But to recal the truth by some faint trace

Of power ethereal and celestial grace,

That in the living Creature find on earth a place.

“Lyre! though such power do in thy magic live”

Lyre! though such power do in thy magic live

As might from India’s farthest plain

Recal the not unwilling Maid,

Assist me to detain

The lovely Fugitive:

5

Check with thy notes the impulse which, betrayed

752 The Poems of William Wordsworth

By her sweet farewell looks, I longed to aid.

Here let me gaze enrapt upon that eye,

The impregnable and awe-inspiring fort

Of contemplation, the calm port

10

By reason fenced from winds that sigh

Among the restless sails of vanity.

But if no wish be hers that we should part,

A humbler bliss would satisfy my heart.

Where all things are so fair,

15

Enough by her dear side to breathe the air

Of this Elysian weather;

And, on or in, or near, the brook, espy

Shade upon the sunshine lying

Faint and somewhat pensively;

20

And downward Image gaily vying

With its upright living tree

Mid silver clouds, and openings of blue sky

As soft almost and deep as her cerulean eye.

Nor less the joy with many a glance

25

Cast up the Stream or down at her beseeching,

To mark its eddying foam-balls prettily distrest

By ever-changing shape and want of rest;

Or watch, with mutual teaching,

The current as it plays

30

In flashing leaps and stealthy creeps

Adown a rocky maze;

Or note (translucent summer’s happiest chance!)

In the slope-channel floored with pebbles bright,

Stones of all hues, gem emulous of gem,

35

So vivid that they take from keenest sight

The liquid veil that seeks not to hide them.

Prelude

In desultory walk through orchard grounds,

Or some deep chestnut grove, oft have I paused

The while a Thrush, urged rather than restrained

By gusts of vernal storm, attuned his song

To his own genial instincts; and was heard

5

  The poem served as a prelude to WW’s  Poems Chiefly of Early and Late Years (842).

Last Poems (1820–1850) 753

(Though not without some plaintive tones between)

To utter, above showers of blossom swept

From tossing boughs, the promise of a calm,

Which the unsheltered traveller might receive

With thankful spirit. The descant, and the wind

10

That seemed to play with it in love or scorn,

Encouraged and endeared the strain of words

That haply flowed from me, by fits of silence

Impelled to livelier pace. But now, my Book!

Charged with those lays, and others of like mood,

15

Or loftier pitch if higher rose the theme,

Go, single—yet aspiring to be joined

With thy Forerunners that through many a year

Have faithfully prepared each other’s way—

Go forth upon a mission best fulfilled

20

When and wherever, in this changeful world,

Power hath been given to please for higher ends

Than pleasure only; gladdening to prepare

For wholesome sadness, troubling to refine,

Calming to raise; and, by a sapient Art

25

Diffused through all the mysteries of our Being,

Softening the toils and pains that have not ceased

To cast their shadows on our mother Earth

Since the primeval doom. Such is the grace

Which, though unsued for, fails not to descend

30

With heavenly inspiration; such the aim

That Reason dictates; and, as even the wish

Has virtue in it, why should hope to me

Be wanting that sometimes, where fancied ills

Harass the mind and strip from off the bowers

35

Of private life their natural pleasantness,

A Voice devoted to the love whose seeds

Are sown in every human breast, to beauty

Lodged within compass of the humblest sight,

To cheerful intercourse with wood and field,

40

And sympathy with man’s substantial griefs—

Will not be heard in vain? And in those days

When unforeseen distress spreads far and wide

Among a People mournfully cast down,

754 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Or into anger roused by venal words

45

In recklessness flung out to overturn

The judgment, and divert the general heart

From mutual good—some strain of thine, my Book!

Caught at propitious intervals, may win

Listeners who not unwillingly admit

50

Kindly emotion tending to console

And reconcile; and both with young and old

Exalt the sense of thoughtful gratitude

For benefits that still survive, by faith

In progress, under laws divine, maintained.

55

rydal mount, march 26, 1842

Upon Perusing the Foregoing Epistle Thirty Years after its Composition

Soon did the Almighty Giver of all rest

Take those dear young Ones to a fearless nest;

And in Death’s arms has long reposed the Friend

For whom this simple Register was penned.

Thanks to the moth that spared it for our eyes;

5

And Strangers even the slighted Scroll may prize,

Moved by the touch of kindred sympathies.

For—save the calm, repentance sheds o’er strife

Raised by remembrances of misused life,

The light from past endeavours purely willed

10

And by Heaven’s favour happily fulfilled;

Save hope that we, yet bound to Earth, may share

The joys of the Departed—what so fair

As blameless pleasure, not without some tears,

Reviewed through Love’s transparent veil of years?

15

Sonnet

When Severn’s sweeping Flood had overthrown

St Mary’s Church the Preacher then would cry,

“Thus, Christian People God his might hath shown

That Ye to Him your love may testify;

Haste, and rebuild the Pile”! But not a stone

5

Resumed its place. Age after Age went by

  Title and poem refer to  Epistle to Sir George Beaumont, Bart. From the South-west Coast of Cumberland. See the latter poem, above.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 755

And Heaven still lacked its due; though Piety

In secret did, we trust, her loss bemoan.

But now her spirit has put forth its claim

In power, and Poesy would lend her voice

10

Let the new Work be worthy of its aim,

That in its beauty Cardiff may rejoice!

Oh, in the Past if cause there was for shame

Let not our Times halt in their better choice!

wm wordsworth

Rydal Mount, 23d Janry 1842

“A Poet!—He hath put his heart to school”

A Poet!—He hath put his heart to school,

Nor dares to move unpropped upon the staff

Which Art hath lodged within his hand—must laugh

By precept only, and shed tears by rule.

Thy Art be Nature; the live current quaff,

5

And let the groveller sip his stagnant pool,

In fear that else, when Critics grave and cool

Have killed him, Scorn should write his epitaph.

How does the Meadow-flower its bloom unfold?

Because the lovely little flower is free

10

Down to its root, and, in that freedom, bold;

And so the grandeur of the Forest-tree

Comes not by casting in a formal mould,

But from its own divine vitality.

To a Redbreast—(In Sickness)

Stay, little cheerful Robin! stay,

And at my casement sing,

Though it should prove a farewell lay

And this our parting spring.

Though I, alas! may ne’er enjoy

5

The promise in thy song;

A charm, that thought can not destroy,

Doth to thy strain belong.

Methinks that in my dying hour

Thy song would still be dear,

10

756 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And with a more than earthly power

My passing Spirit cheer.

Then, little Bird, this boon confer,

Come, and my requiem sing,

Nor fail to be the harbinger

15

Of everlasting Spring.

S. H.

“The most alluring clouds that mount the sky”

The most alluring clouds that mount the sky

Owe to a troubled element their forms,

Their hues to sunset. If with raptured eye

We watch their splendor, shall we covet storms,

And wish the Lord of day his slow decline

5

Would hasten, that such pomp may float on high?

Behold, already they forget to shine,

Dissolve—and leave to him who gazed a sigh.

Not loth to thank each moment for its boon

Of pure delight, come whencesoe’er it may,

10

Peace let us seek,—to stedfast things attune

Calm expectations, leaving to the gay

And volatile their love of transient bowers,

The house that cannot pass away be ours.

“Intent on gathering wool from hedge and brake”

Intent on gathering wool from hedge and brake

Yon busy Little-ones rejoice that soon

A poor old Dame will bless them for the boon:

Great is their glee while flake they add to flake

With rival earnestness; far other strife

5

Than will hereafter move them, if they make

Pastime their idol, give their day of life

To pleasure snatched for reckless pleasure’s sake.

Can pomp and show allay one heart-born grief?

Pains which the World inflicts can she requite?

10

Not for an interval however brief;

  “S. H.” is WW’s sister-in-law Sara Hutchinson. He included it in his publications in 842 and from 845, and acknowledged his authorship of the second stanza, ll. 5–2.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 757

The silent thoughts that search for stedfast light,

Love from on high, and Duty in her might,

And Faith—these only yield secure relief.

march 8th, 1842.

The Eagle and the Dove

Shade of Caractacus, if Spirits love

The cause they fought for in their earthly home,

To see the Eagle ruffled by the Dove

May soothe thy memory of the chains of Rome.

These children claim thee for their Sire; the breath

5

Of thy renown, from Cambrian mountains, fans

A flame within them that despises death,

And glorifies the truant Youth of Vannes.

With thy own scorn of tyrants they advance,

But truth divine has sanctified their rage,

10

A silver Cross enchased with Flowers of France,

Their badge, attests the holy fight they wage.

The shrill defiance of the young Crusade

Their veteran foes mock as an idle noise

But unto Faith and Loyalty comes aid

15

From Heaven—gigantic force to beardless Boys.

“What heavenly smiles! O Lady mine”

What heavenly smiles! O Lady mine

Through my very heart they shine;

And, if my brow gives back their light,

Do thou look gladly on the sight;

As the clear Moon with modest pride

5

Beholds her own bright beams

Reflected from the mountain’s side

And from the headlong streams.

“Wansfell! this Household has a favoured lot”

Wansfell! this Household has a favoured lot,

Living with liberty on thee to gaze,

To watch while Morn first crowns thee with her rays,

  “The Hill that rises to the south-east, above Ambleside.” WW

758 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Or when along thy breast serenely float

Evening’s angelic clouds. Yet ne’er a note

5

Hath sounded (shame upon the Bard!) thy praise

For all that thou, as if from heaven, hast brought

Of glory lavished on our quiet days.

Bountiful Son of Earth! when we are gone

From every object dear to mortal sight,

10

As soon we shall be, may these words attest

How oft, to elevate our spirits, shone

Thy visionary majesties of light,

How in thy pensive glooms our hearts found rest.





Dec. 24, 1842.

“Glad sight wherever new with old”

Glad sight wherever new with old

Is joined through some dear homeborn tie;

The life of all that we behold

Depends upon that mystery.

Vain is the glory of the sky,

5

The beauty vain of field and grove

Unless, while with admiring eye

We gaze, we also learn to love.

To a Lady,

in answer to a request that i would write her a poem

upon some drawings that she had made of flowers

in the island of madeira

Fair Lady! can I sing of flowers

That in Madeira bloom and fade,

I who ne’er sate within their bowers,

Nor through their sunny lawns have strayed?

How they in sprightly dance are worn

5

By Shepherd-groom or May-day queen,

Or holy festal pomps adorn,

These eyes have never seen.

Yet tho’ to me the pencil’s art

No like remembrances can give,

10

Your portraits still may reach the heart

Last Poems (1820–1850) 759

And there for gentle pleasure live;

While Fancy ranging with free scope

Shall on some lovely Alien set

A name with us endeared to hope,

15

To peace, or fond regret.

Still as we look with nicer care,

Some new resemblance we may trace:

A Heart’s-ease will perhaps be there,

A Speedwell may not want its place.

20

And so may we, with charmèd mind

Beholding what your skill has wrought,

Another Star-of-Bethlehem find,

A new Forget-me-not.

From earth to heaven with motion fleet

25

From heaven to earth our thoughts will pass,

A Holy-thistle here we meet

And there a Shepherd’s weather-glass;

And haply some familiar name

Shall grace the fairest, sweetest, plant

30

Whose presence cheers the drooping frame

Of English Emigrant.

Gazing she feels its power beguile

Sad thoughts, and breathes with easier breath;

Alas! that meek that tender smile

35

Is but a harbinger of death:

And pointing with a feeble hand

She says, in faint words by sighs broken,

Bear for me to my native land

This precious Flower, true love’s last token.

40

“While beams of orient light shoot wide and high”

While beams of orient light shoot wide and high,

Deep in the vale a little rural Town

Breathes forth a cloud-like creature of its own,

That mounts not toward the radiant morning sky,

But, with a less ambitious sympathy,

5

  “Ambleside.” WW

760 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Hangs o’er its Parent waking to the cares

Troubles and toils that every day prepares.

So Fancy, to the musing Poet’s eye,

Endears that Lingerer. And how blest her sway

(Like influence never may my soul reject)

10

If the calm Heaven, now to its zenith decked

With glorious forms in numberless array,

To the lone shepherd on the hills disclose

Gleams from a world in which the saints repose.

Jan 1, 1843.

Grace Darling

Among the dwellers in the silent fields

The natural heart is touched, and public way

And crowded street resound with ballad strains,

Inspired by one whose very name bespeaks

Favour divine, exalting human love;

5

Whom, since her birth on bleak Northumbria’s coast,

Known unto few but prized as far as known,

A single Act endears to high and low

Through the whole land—to Manhood, moved in spite

Of the world’s freezing cares—to generous Youth—

10

To Infancy, that lisps her praise—to Age

Whose eye reflects it, glistening through a tear

Of tremulous admiration. Such true fame

Awaits her now; but, verily, good deeds

Do no imperishable record find

15

Save in the rolls of heaven, where hers may live

A theme for angels, when they celebrate

The high-souled virtues which forgetful earth

Has witness’d. Oh! that winds and waves could speak

Of things which their united power called forth

20

From the pure depths of her humanity!

A Maiden gentle, yet, at duty’s call,

Firm and unflinching, as the Lighthouse reared

On the Island-rock, her lonely dwelling-place;

Or like the invincible Rock itself that braves,

25

  The poem is closely based on accounts of the event September 7, 838, that appeared in

the newspapers of the day.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 761

Age after age, the hostile elements,

As when it guarded holy Cuthbert’s cell.

All night the storm had raged, nor ceased, nor paused,

When, as day broke, the Maid, through misty air,

Espies far off a Wreck, amid the surf,

30

Beating on one of those disastrous isles—

Half of a Vessel, half—no more; the rest

Had vanished, swallowed up with all that there

Had for the common safety striven in vain,

Or thither thronged for refuge. With quick glance

35

Daughter and Sire through optic-glass discern,

Clinging about the remnant of this Ship,

Creatures—how precious in the Maiden’s sight!

For whom, belike, the old Man grieves still more

Than for their fellow-sufferers engulfed

40

Where every parting agony is hushed,

And hope and fear mix not in further strife.

“But courage, Father! let us out to sea—

A few may yet be saved.” The Daughter’s words,

Her earnest tone, and look beaming with faith,

45

Dispel the Father’s doubts: nor do they lack

The noble-minded Mother’s helping hand

To launch the boat; and with her blessing cheered,

And inwardly sustained by silent prayer,

Together they put forth, Father and Child!

50

Each grasps an oar, and struggling on they go—

Rivals in effort; and, alike intent

Here to elude and there surmount, they watch

The billows lengthening, mutually crossed

And shattered, and re-gathering their might;

55

As if the tumult, by the Almighty’s will

Were, in the conscious sea, roused and prolonged

That woman’s fortitude—so tried, so proved—

May brighten more and more!

True to the mark,

They stem the current of that perilous gorge,

60

Their arms still strengthening with the strengthening heart,

Though danger, as the Wreck is near’d, becomes

762 The Poems of William Wordsworth

More imminent. Not unseen do they approach;

And rapture, with varieties of fear

Incessantly conflicting, thrills the frames

65

Of those who, in that dauntless energy,

Foretaste deliverance; but the least perturbed

Can scarcely trust his eyes, when he perceives

That of the pair—tossed on the waves to bring

Hope to the hopeless, to the dying, life—

70

One is a Woman, a poor earthly sister,

Or, be the Visitant other than she seems,

A guardian Spirit sent from pitying Heaven,

In woman’s shape. But why prolong the tale,

Casting weak words amid a host of thoughts

75

Armed to repel them? Every hazard faced

And difficulty mastered, with resolve

That no one breathing should be left to perish,

This last remainder of the crew are all

Placed in the little boat, then o’er the deep

80

Are safely borne, landed upon the beach,

And, in fulfilment of God’s mercy, lodged

Within the sheltering Lighthouse.—Shout, ye Waves!

Send forth a song of triumph. Waves and Winds,

Exult in this deliverance wrought through faith

85

In Him whose Providence your rage hath served!

Ye screaming Sea-mews, in the concert join!

And would that some immortal Voice—a Voice

Fitly attuned to all that gratitude

Breathes out from floor or couch, through pallid lips

90

Of the survivors—to the clouds might bear—

Blended with praise of that parental love,

Beneath whose watchful eye the Maiden grew

Pious and pure, modest and yet so brave,

Though young so wise, though meek so resolute—

95

Might carry to the clouds and to the stars,

Yea, to celestial Choirs, grace darling’s name!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 763

Inscription

for a monument in crosthwaite church, in

the vale of keswick

Ye vales and hills whose beauty hither drew

The poet’s steps, and fixed him here, on you,

His eyes have closed! And ye, lov’d books, no more

Shall Southey feed upon your precious lore,

To works that ne’er shall forfeit their renown,

5

Adding immortal labours of his own—

Whether he traced historic truth, with zeal

For the State’s guidance, or the Church’s weal,

Or Fancy, disciplined by studious art,

Inform’d his pen, or wisdom of the heart,

10

Or judgments sanctioned in the Patriot’s mind

By reverence for the rights of all mankind.

Wide were his aims, yet in no human breast

Could private feelings meet for holier rest.

His joys, his griefs, have vanished like a cloud

15

From Skiddaw’s top; but he to heaven was vowed

Through his industrious life, and Christian faith

Calmed in his soul the fear of change and death.

To the Rev. Christopher Wordsworth, D.D.

master of harrow school, after the perusal of his

theophilus anglicanus, recently published

Enlightened Teacher, gladly from thy hand

Have I received this proof of pains bestowed

By Thee to guide thy Pupils on the road

That, in our native isle, and every land,

The Church, when trusting in divine command

5

And in her Catholic attributes, hath trod:

O may these lessons be with profit scanned

To thy heart’s wish, thy labour blest by God!

So the bright faces of the young and gay

Shall look more bright—the happy, happier still;

10

Catch, in the pauses of their keenest play,

  Robert Southey died March 2, 843.

2  WW’s nephew.

764 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Motions of thought which elevate the will

And, like the Spire that from your classic Hill

Points heavenward, indicate the end and way.

Rydal Mount, Dec. 11, 1843.

“So fair, so sweet, withal so sensitive”

So fair, so sweet, withal so sensitive,

Would that the little Flowers were born to live,

Conscious of half the pleasure which they give;

That to this mountain-daisy’s self were known

The beauty of its star-shaped shadow, thrown

5

On the smooth surface of this naked stone!

And what if hence a bold desire should mount

High as the Sun, that he could take account

Of all that issues from his glorious fount!

So might he ken how by his sovereign aid

10

These delicate companionships are made;

And how he rules the pomp of light and shade;

And were the Sister-power that shines by night

So privileged, what a countenance of delight

Would through the clouds break forth on human sight!

15

Fond fancies! wheresoe’er shall turn thine eye

On earth, air, ocean, or the starry sky,

Converse with Nature in pure sympathy;

All vain desires, all lawless wishes quelled,

Be Thou to love and praise alike impelled,

20

Whatever boon is granted or withheld.

Sonnet

on the projected kendal and windermere railway

Is then no nook of English ground secure

From rash assault? Schemes of retirement sown

In youth, and mid the busy world kept pure

As when their earliest flowers of hope were blown,

Must perish;—how can they this blight endure?

5

Last Poems (1820–1850) 765

And must he too the ruthless change bemoan

Who scorns a false utilitarian lure

Mid his paternal fields at random thrown?

Baffle the threat, bright Scene, from Orrest-head

Given to the pausing traveller’s rapturous glance:

10

Plead for thy peace, thou beautiful romance

Of nature; and, if human hearts be dead,

Speak, passing winds; ye torrents, with your strong

And constant voice, protest against the wrong.

william wordsworth.

Rydal Mount,

October 12th, 1844.

“Proud were ye, Mountains, when, in times of old”

Proud were ye, Mountains, when, in times of old,

Your patriot sons, to stem invasive war,

Intrenched your brows; ye gloried in each scar:

Now, for your shame, a Power, the Thirst of Gold,

That rules o’er Britain like a baneful star,

5

Wills that your peace, your beauty, shall be sold,

And clear way made for her triumphal car

Through the beloved retreats your arms enfold!

Heard ye that Whistle? As her long-linked Train

Swept onwards, did the vision cross your view?

10

Yes, ye were startled;—and, in balance true,

Weighing the mischief with the promised gain,

Mountains, and Vales, and Floods, I call on you

To share the passion of a just disdain.

The Westmoreland Girl

to my grandchildren

part i

Seek who will delight in fable

  WW described the poem as “truth to the Letter” (WW to Henry Reed, July 3, 845). Sarah

Mackereth, the Grasmere girl whose story the poem tells, died in 872 and is buried in

Broughton  in  Furness  churchyard  (F. A.  Malleson,  Holiday Studies of Wordsworth: By Rivers, Woods, and Alps  [London,  Paris  &  Melbourne:  Cassell  &  Company,  890];  he records Sarah’s retelling of the events from which WW framed his poem in chap. 2, pp.

42–46; the chapter is based on an article that Malleson published in 873 in the magazine

Sunday at Home).

766 The Poems of William Wordsworth

I shall tell you truth. A Lamb

Leapt from this steep bank to follow

’Cross the brook its thoughtless dam.

Far and wide on hill and valley

5

Rain had fallen, unceasing rain,

And the bleating mother’s Young-one

Struggled with the flood in vain:

But, as chanced, a Cottage-maiden

(Ten years scarcely had she told)

10

Seeing, plunged into the torrent,

Clasped the Lamb and kept her hold.

Whirled adown the rocky channel,

Sinking, rising, on they go,

Peace and rest, as seems, before them

15

Only in the lake below.

Oh! it was a frightful current

Whose fierce wrath the Girl had braved;

Clap your hands with joy my Hearers,

Shout in triumph, both are saved;

20

Saved by courage that with danger

Grew, by strength the gift of love,

And belike a guardian angel

Came with succour from above.

part ii

Now, to a maturer Audience,

25

Let me speak of this brave Child

Left among her native mountains

With wild Nature to run wild.

So, unwatched by love maternal,

Mother’s care no more her guide,

30

Fared this little bright-eyed Orphan

Even while at her father’s side.

Spare your blame,—remembrance makes him

Loth to rule by strict command;

Last Poems (1820–1850) 767

Still upon his cheek are living

35

Touches of her infant hand,

Dear caresses given in pity,

Sympathy that soothed his grief,

As the dying mother witnessed

To her thankful mind’s relief.

40

Time passed on; the Child was happy,

Like a Spirit of air she moved,

Wayward, yet by all who knew her

For her tender heart beloved.

Scarcely less than sacred passions,

45

Bred in house, in grove, and field,

Link her with the inferior creatures,

Urge her powers their rights to shield.

Anglers, bent on reckless pastime,

Learn how she can feel alike

50

Both for tiny harmless minnow

And the fierce and sharp-toothed pike.

Merciful protectress, kindling

Into anger or disdain;

Many a captive hath she rescued,

55

Others saved from lingering pain.

Listen yet awhile;—with patience

Hear the homely truths I tell,

She in Grasmere’s old church-steeple

Tolled this day the passing-bell.

60

Yes, the wild Girl of the mountains

To their echoes gave the sound,

Notice punctual as the minute,

Warning solemn and profound.

She, fulfilling her sire’s office,

65

Rang alone the far-heard knell,

Tribute, by her hand, in sorrow,

Paid to One who loved her well.

768 The Poems of William Wordsworth

When his spirit was departed

On that service she went forth;

70

Nor will fail the like to render

When his corse is laid in earth.

What then wants the Child to temper,

In her breast, unruly fire,

To control the froward impulse

75

And restrain the vague desire?

Easily a pious training

And a stedfast outward power

Would supplant the weeds and cherish,

In their stead, each opening flower.

80

Thus the fearless Lamb-deliv’rer,

Woman-grown, meek-hearted, sage,

May become a blest example

For her sex, of every age.

Watchful as a wheeling eagle,

85

Constant as a soaring lark,

Should the country need a heroine,

She might prove our Maid of Arc.

Leave that thought; and here be uttered

Prayer that Grace divine may raise

90

Her humane courageous spirit

Up to heaven, thro’ peaceful ways.

“Yes! thou art fair, yet be not moved”

Yes! thou art fair, yet be not moved

To scorn the declaration,

That sometimes I in thee have loved

My fancy’s own creation.

Imagination needs must stir;

5

Dear Maid, this truth believe,

Minds that have nothing to confer

Find little to perceive.

Be pleased that nature made thee fit

Last Poems (1820–1850) 769

To feed my heart’s devotion,

10

By laws to which all Forms submit

In sky, air, earth, and ocean.

“Forth from a jutting ridge, around whose base”

Forth from a jutting ridge, around whose base

Winds our deep Vale, two heath-clad Rocks ascend

In fellowship, the loftiest of the pair

Rising to no ambitious height; yet both,

O’er lake and stream, mountain and flowery mead,

5

Unfolding prospects fair as human eyes

Ever beheld. Up-led with mutual help,

To one or other brow of those twin Peaks

Were two adventurous Sisters wont to climb,

And took no note of the hour while thence they gazed,

10

The blooming heath their couch, gazed, side by side,

In speechless admiration. I, a witness

And frequent sharer of their calm delight

With thankful heart, to either Eminence

Gave the baptismal name each Sister bore.

15

Now are they parted, far as Death’s cold hand

Hath power to part the Spirits of those who love

As they did love. Ye kindred Pinnacles—

That, while the generations of mankind

Follow each other to their hiding-place

20

In time’s abyss, are privileged to endure

Beautiful in yourselves, and richly graced

With like command of beauty—grant your aid

For Mary’s humble, Sarah’s silent, claim,

That their pure joy in nature may survive

25

From age to age in blended memory.

At Furness Abbey

Well have yon Railway Labourers to this ground

Withdrawn for noontide rest. They sit, they walk

Among the Ruins, but no idle talk

Is heard; to grave demeanour all are bound;

And from one voice a Hymn with tuneful sound

5

Hallows once more the long-deserted Quire

770 The Poems of William Wordsworth

And thrills the old sepulchral earth, around.

Others look up, and with fixed eyes admire

That wide-spanned arch, wondering how it was raised,

To keep, so high in air, its strength and grace:

10

All seem to feel the spirit of the place,

And by the general reverence God is praised:

Profane Despoilers, stand ye not reproved,

While thus these simple-hearted men are moved!

June 21st, 1845.

“Why should we weep or mourn, Angelic boy”

Why should we weep or mourn, Angelic boy,

For such thou wert ere from our sight removed,

Holy, and ever dutiful—beloved

From day to day with never-ceasing joy,

And hopes as dear as could the heart employ

5

In aught to earth pertaining? Death has proved

His might, nor less his mercy, as behoved—

Death conscious that he only could destroy

The bodily frame. That beauty is laid low

To moulder in a far-off field of Rome;

10

But Heaven is now, blest Child, thy Spirit’s home:

When such divine communion, which we know,

Is felt, thy Roman-burial place will be

Surely a sweet remembrancer of Thee.

“I know an aged Man constrained to dwell”

I know an aged Man constrained to dwell

In a large house of public charity,

Where he abides, as in a Prisoner’s cell,

With numbers near, alas! no company.

When he could creep about, at will, though poor

5

And forced to live on alms, this old Man fed

A Redbreast, one that to his cottage door

Came not, but in a lane partook his bread.

There, at the root of one particular tree,

An easy seat this worn-out Labourer found

10

While Robin pecked the crumbs upon his knee

Last Poems (1820–1850) 771

Laid one by one, or scattered on the ground.

Dear intercourse was theirs, day after day;

What signs of mutual gladness when they met!

Think of their common peace, their simple play,

15

The parting moment and its fond regret.

Months passed in love that failed not to fulfil,

In spite of season’s change, its own demand,

By fluttering pinions here and busy bill;

There by caresses from a tremulous hand.

20

Thus in the chosen spot a tie so strong

Was formed between the solitary pair,

That when his fate had housed him mid a throng

The Captive shunned all converse proffered there.

Wife, children, kindred, they were dead and gone;

25

But, if no evil hap his wishes crossed,

One living Stay was left, and on that one

Some recompense for all that he had lost.

O that the good old Man had power to prove,

By message sent through air or visible token,

30

That still he loves the Bird, and still must love;

That friendship lasts though fellowship is broken!

To an Octogenarian

Affections lose their objects; Time brings forth

No successors; and, lodged in memory,

If love exist no longer, it must die,—

Wanting accustomed food must pass from earth,

Or never hope to reach a second birth.

5

This sad belief, the happiest that is left

To thousands, share not Thou; howe’er bereft,

Scorned, or neglected, fear not such a dearth.

Though poor and destitute of friends thou art,

Perhaps the sole survivor of thy race,

10

One to whom Heaven assigns that mournful part

The utmost solitude of age to face,

Still shall be left some corner of the heart

772 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Where Love for living Thing can find a place.

Written upon a fly leaf in the Copy of the Author’s Poems which was sent

to her Majesty Queen Victoria

Deign Sovereign Mistress! to accept a Lay

No Laureate offering of elaborate Art;

But Salutation taking its glad way

From deep recesses of a Loyal heart.

Queen, Wife, and Mother! may all-judging Heaven

5

Shower with a bounteous hand on Thee and Thine

Felicity, that only can be given

On Earth to goodness, blest by grace divine.

Lady! devoutly honoured and beloved

Thro’ every realm confided to thy sway

10

May’st Thou pursue thy course by God approved

And He will teach thy People to obey.

As Thou art wont thy sovereignty adorn

With Woman’s gentleness, yet firm and staid;

So shall that earthly Crown thy brows have worn

15

Be changed to one whose glory cannot fade:

And now, by duty urged, I lay this Book

Before thy Majesty, in humble trust

That on its simplest pages Thou wilt look

With a benign indulgence, more than just.

20

Nor wilt Thou blame an aged Poet’s prayer

That issuing hence may steal into thy mind

Some solace under weight of Royal care

Or grief, the inheritance of Humankind;

For know we not that from celestial spheres

25

When Time was young an inspiration came

(O were it mine) to hallow saddest tears,

And help life onward in its noblest aim.

W.W.

Rydal Mount,

9th Jany 1846

  The volume is in the Royal Library, Windsor Castle. The poem did not appear in print in

WW’s lifetime.

Last Poems (1820–1850) 773

“Who but is pleased to watch the moon on high”

Who but is pleased to watch the moon on high

Travelling where she from time to time enshrouds

Her head, and nothing loth her Majesty

Renounces, till among the scattered clouds

One with its kindling edge declares that soon

5

Will reappear before the uplifted eye

A Form as bright, as beautiful a moon,

To glide in open prospect through clear sky.

Pity that such a promise e’er should prove

False in the issue, that yon seeming space

10

Of sky should be in truth the steadfast face

Of a cloud flat and dense, through which must move

(By transit not unlike man’s frequent doom)

The Wanderer lost in more determined gloom!

“How beautiful the Queen of Night, on high”

How beautiful the Queen of Night, on high

Her way pursuing among scattered clouds,

Where, ever and anon, her head she shrouds

Hidden from view in dense obscurity.

But look, and to the watchful eye

5

A brightening edge will indicate that soon

We shall behold the struggling Moon

Break forth,—again to walk the clear blue sky.

“Where lies the truth? has Man, in wisdom’s creed”

Where lies the truth? has Man, in wisdom’s creed,

A pitiable doom; for respite brief

A care more anxious, or a heavier grief?

Is he ungrateful, and doth little heed

God’s bounty, soon forgotten; or indeed,

5

Must Man, with labour born, awake to sorrow

When Flowers rejoice and Larks with rival speed

Spring from their nests to bid the Sun good morrow?

They mount for rapture as their songs proclaim

Warbled in hearing both of earth and sky;

10

But o’er the contrast wherefore heave a sigh?

774 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Like these aspirants let us soar—our aim,

Through life’s worst trials, whether shocks or snares,

A happier, brighter, purer Heaven than theirs.

To Lucca Giordano

Giordano, verily thy Pencil’s skill

Hath here portrayed with Nature’s happiest grace

The fair Endymion couched on Latmos-hill;

And Dian gazing on the Shepherd’s face

In rapture,—yet suspending her embrace,

5

As not unconscious with what power the thrill

Of her most timid touch his sleep would chase,

And, with his sleep, that beauty calm and still.

O may this work have found its last retreat

Here in a Mountain-bard’s secure abode,

10

One to whom, yet a School-boy, Cynthia showed

A face of love which he in love would greet,

Fixed, by her smile, upon some rocky seat;

Or lured along where green-wood paths he trod.

Rydal Mount. 1846.

Illustrated Books and Newspapers

Discourse was deemed Man’s noblest attribute,

And written words the glory of his hand;

Then followed Printing with enlarged command

For thought—dominion vast and absolute

For spreading truth, and making love expand.

5

Now prose and verse sunk into disrepute

Must lacquey a dumb Art that best can suit

The taste of this once-intellectual Land.

A backward movement surely have we here,

For manhood—back to childhood; for the age—

10

Back towards caverned life’s first rude career.

Avaunt this vile abuse of pictured page!

Must eyes be all in all, the tongue and ear

Nothing? Heaven keep us from a lower stage!

Last Poems (1820–1850) 775

On the Banks of a Rocky Stream

Behold an emblem of our human mind

Crowded with thoughts that need a settled home,

Yet, like to eddying balls of foam

Within this whirlpool, they each other chase

Round and round, and neither find

5

An outlet nor a resting-place!

Stranger, if such disquietude be thine,

Fall on thy knees and sue for help divine.

Ode,

performed in the senate-house, cambridge, on the sixth of july,

m.dccc.xlvii. at the first commencement after the installation of

his royal highness the prince albert, chancellor of the university

Installation Ode

introduction and chorus

For thirst of power that Heaven disowns,

For temples, towers, and thrones,

Too long insulted by the Spoiler’s shock,

Indignant Europe cast

Her stormy foe at last

5

To reap the whirlwind on a Libyan rock.

solo—tenor

War is passion’s basest game

Madly played to win a name;

Up starts some tyrant, Earth and Heaven to dare;

The servile million bow;

10

But will the lightning glance aside to spare

The Despot’s laurelled brow?

chorus

War is mercy, glory, fame,

Waged in Freedom’s holy cause;

Freedom, such as Man may claim

15

Under God’s restraining laws.

Such is Albion’s fame and glory:

Let rescued Europe tell the story.

776 The Poems of William Wordsworth

recit. (accompanied)—contralto

But, lo, what sudden cloud has darkened all

The land as with a funeral pall?

20

The Rose of England suffers blight

The flower has drooped, the Isle’s delight,

Flower and bud together fall—

A Nation’s hopes lie crushed in Claremont’s desolate hall.

air—soprano

Time a chequered mantle wears;—

25

Earth awakes from wintry sleep;

Again the Tree a blossom bears,—

Cease, Britannia, cease to weep!

Hark to the peals on this bright May-morn!

They tell that your future Queen is born!

30

soprano solo and chorus

A Guardian Angel fluttered

Above the Babe, unseen;

One word he softly uttered—

It named the future Queen:

And a joyful cry through the Island rang,

35

As clear and bold as the trumpet’s clang,

As bland as the reed of peace—

“victoria be her name!”

For righteous triumphs are the base

Whereon Britannia rests her peaceful fame.

40

quartett

Time, in his mantle’s sunniest fold,

Uplifted on his arms the child;

And, while the fearless Infant smiled,

Her happier destiny foretold:—

“Infancy, by Wisdom mild,

45

“Trained to health and artless beauty;

“Youth, by Pleasure unbeguiled

“From the lore of lofty duty;

“Womanhood in pure renown,

“Seated on her lineal throne:

50

“Leaves of myrtle in her Crown,

Last Poems (1820–1850) 777

“Fresh with lustre all their own.

“Love, the treasure worth possessing

“More than all the world beside,

“This shall be her choicest blessing,

55

“Oft to royal hearts denied.”

recit. (accompanied)—bass

That eve, the Star of Brunswick shone

With stedfast ray benign

On Gotha’s ducal roof, and on

The softly flowing Leine;

60

Nor failed to gild the spires of Bonn,

And glittered on the Rhine.—

Old Camus too on that prophetic night

Was conscious of the ray;

And his willows whispered in its light,

65

Not to the Zephyr’s sway,

But with a Delphic life, in sight

Of this auspicious day:

chorus

This day, when Granta hails her chosen Lord,

And proud of her award,

70

Confiding in the Star serene

Welcomes the Consort of a happy Queen.

air—contralto

Prince, in these Collegiate bowers,

Where Science, leagued with holier truth,

Guards the sacred heart of youth,

75

Solemn monitors are ours.

These reverend aisles, these hallowed towers,

Raised by many a hand august,

Are haunted by majestic Powers,

The memories of the Wise and Just,

80

Who, faithful to a pious trust,

Here, in the Founder’s Spirit, sought

To mould and stamp the ore of thought

In that bold form and impress high

That best betoken patriot loyalty.

85

778 The Poems of William Wordsworth

Not in vain those Sages taught.—

True disciples, good as great,

Have pondered here their country’s weal,

Weighed the Future by the Past,

Learnt how social frames may last,

90

And how a Land may rule its fate

By constancy inviolate,

Though worlds to their foundations reel,

The sport of factious Hate or godless Zeal.

air—bass

albert, in thy race we cherish

95

A Nation’s strength that will not perish

While England’s sceptred Line

True to the King of Kings is found;

Like that Wise Ancestor of thine

Who threw the Saxon shield o’er Luther’s life,

100

When first, above the yells of bigot strife,

The trumpet of the Living Word

Assumed a voice of deep portentous sound

From gladdened Elbe to startled Tiber heard.

chorus

What shield more sublime

105

E’er was blazoned or sung?

And the prince whom we greet

From its Hero is sprung.

Resound, resound the strain

That hails him for our own!

110

Again, again, and yet again;

For the Church, the State, the Throne!—

And that Presence fair and bright,

Ever blest wherever seen,

Who deigns to grace our festal rite,

115

The pride of the Islands, victoria the queen!

finis

  “Frederick the Wise, Elector of Saxony.” WW



